So thank you, Snow!
-Edward. Likes to be called senor.
Teff
Soak the liver in the milk, at 30°C, for a couple of hours. Remove and dry.
i follow the recipe pretty closely but i omit the mushrooms (choo choo doesn't like 'em) and the sundried tomatoes (neither of us like 'em) and i use half-chicken-stock-half-red-wine to marinate the meat so the wine flavor doesn't overpower it.
I am about to state the obvious. It rains in Washington. A lot. But, we don’t let it slow us down. We garden in the rain. We take walks in the rain. We even play at the park in the rain. The key to making it work is staying dry. Even the hardiest of Washingtonians will wilt with soggy feet, shriveled up hands and moppy hair. One of the best investments we’ve made for Beckett has been high-quality rain gear. It’s taken her through fall and winter and into the spring that just won’t arrive.
The actual show ran from 7:45-10:11 last Saturday. Nearly two and a half hours of course some of that was filler. Fact is for the full show to be shown and given the coverage it deserves at least a two hour slot was needed. That would put the show on par with its American counter part.
Ted rolled a quarter on the bar left to right, right to left. “Hey,” he said, lighter and agreeing, “if it’s good enough, it’ll get out there. That’s why we’ve got Oprah, right?”
1.Get up early – for many people, the first 20 minutes of their day is the most stressful, reducing their energy for the rest of the day. You will get up just one hour early, allowing you to take things slow. Aim to leave the house half an hour early.
With many of our internships taking place at small and medium enterprises throughout Manchester, there is also scope to make a real impact on the company and get fully involved in their organisation. Two of our current interns have worked at events in France and Spain, another has been given the opportunity to attend courses on Search Engine Optimisation and Google Analytics- two increasingly relevant skills in many organisations today.
It’s clear that parting company is difficult. It is even more difficult to achieve with both grace and autonomy. When we desire to take sovereignty of our own lives and our own spiritual paths are we truly the best judge of when we are ready? If it is not necessary to ‘cut the ties’ in anger, why is that so common? Is it a necessary stage of development to separate ourselves from our parents (biological or spiritual) in order to truly recognize our own sovereignty?
"I've been working my arse off in the police for 19 years and now I have to apologise to her for doing my job," said Odendaal.
ASBO – Anti-Social Behaviour Order. Given to badly behaved people. About to be abolished by new British government.
We’ve had a busy week since our 3rd visitor just spent 5 days with us, but sadly has now left to continue his travels. He is Erich, the husband of Rob’s manager from a job many years ago. Our kids were basically an unknown entity to him before he came, but now he has a REAL good idea about what they are like! He was great fun to have around, and he introduced many silly games to them as well as the song “Feliz Navidad”. Unfortunately, it is one of those songs that NEVER leaves your brain, and so I think that is all we will be singing until well after Christmas is over.
Jim Ludwick, a self-described average American, gets up early each morning and heads out to warm up his truck. “I cut wood, fix fences, and work with my dog,” said Ludwick. On other days, Ludwick breaks trail in his snow-covered driveway and heads for the State Capitol in Salem, Oregon.
Trying to forget you as I close my eyes,
The Soul Thief by Cecelia Holland – The Soul Thief is an adventurous look at a turning point in Northern European history. Christianity is the chosen religion of most, but a few still look to the old pagan gods. Mysterious forces dreamily surround the harsh reality of life, adding a fantasy element to the events of this historical time period as twins Mav and Corban struggle to survive amidst raids, food shortages, and cruel overlords. This book is the first in a five book series. Recommended by Kimberly S.
SD: I like to recommend small businesses because I feel you're more apt to come across unique finds for your wedding that way. Here's a few of my faves:
The government have the means to protect our borders as they police Iraq and Afghanistan. But they don’t want to. The media covers by telling us that the politicians have lost control of the orders. No, they have not. They want immigrants to flood in, which is why they advertise for them to come here in our overseas embassies. It is why the British Council trains young Africans in our ways and uproots them from their own villages and communities.
The X Factor may have been a screaming noise machine made up almost entirely of unwarranted hype but at least it wasn’t Karaoke Battle USA which removed all the fun of karaoke (namely drunk people singing badly) instead doubling down on bland merely okay singers. If an overlong singing competition featuring people who still need to read the lyrics in order to perform wasn’t bad enough Karaoke Battle USA also introduced the world to the manic antics of judge Carnie Wilson who somehow managed to make Paula Abdul appear restrained in comparison.
You may think I exaggerate, but the trip across the Grand Canyon and back literally changed my perspective on life because it changed my relationship with myself. With five weeks to train, my body survived 47 miles and 8,000 vertical feet in two days. And I loved it; every moment of it! I had to call on mental determination and faith and there they were, waiting for me to put them into action. One foot in front of the other and little by little I made the journey all the while a smile on my face.
AA Hubby was at his office, also in National Harbor, for the quake. That much closer to the epicenter, he felt it that much more. His building sustained some significant (superficial) cracks in the walls. When Son #2 and I returned to the apartment, it was apparent that there had been a whole lotta shakin’ going on here, as well. Take a look at this deck of DC cards, before and after. Get the irony?
I didn’t take a trip to the moon, although a lot of people around me were enjoying floating above its deep craters. I spent most of my time in Gilli swimming in the deceiving ocean whose plain surface of waves rolling to and fro gave no indication of the infinite colors hidden within it. As purple and yellow striped fish swim by, and giant corals hide schools of indigo fish, and where sudden deep drops make valleys on the ocean floor. I wonder who the creator created this great spectacle for? Was it for the sea creatures to enjoy the profusion of colors emanating from each other? Or was it for those who stand on the shore, whom he knew would one day want to explore beneath the endless fluid surface?
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a deep pan ot pot, until just smoking, hot enough so that a drop of batter rises quickly to the surface covered in bubbles (or until a cube of bread browns evenly in 30 seconds) Turn down the heat to medium.
B2 Pipes Of Bronze
Hansi Fischer - Saxophone, Flute
Murano glass industry, thriving through the centuries, proves again today that, just like centuries ago, the tight community of glass workers is commited to carrying their craft through generations despite all changes that affect them. Like diamonds, Murano glass is there to stay forever.
WHY: Women face tremendous challenges as they move through life’s transitions, from childhood to adult, from college to career, from single to married, to widowhood or divorce, and into the retirement years. Therefore, it is important to have more women in the financial services industry, who understand the needs of their female clients.
Adjustable straps
We managed to get a shot of everyone at the table but neglected to get pics of the food. Sorry about that. Too much vina and not enough concentration.
When the music stops,
But the first 2 - 3K was miserable for me. My knee was killing me as well as the bottom of one foot. I wanted to quit right then and there. So I started making deals with myself - if I could make it 1/2 way, I could get a ride in and still feel ok about myself. Then I started thinking about calling husband to come pick me up....there is a small hill up to and through a park (found out form a lady behind us that there is a family of foxes living in that park - that would have been neat to see!) and I did not think I could make it through that. Got past that obstacle and kept going and all of a sudden I had no pain anywhere!!!!! YAY!!!
well here are a couple of links I found that might be helpful to some out there.
Mike read four episodes from ‘Oliver Twist’: Oliver’s birth, his experience of the workhouse, the intorduction of the Artful Dodger and the death of Nancy. What the reading really brought home to me was how theatrical Oliver Twist is. Dickens toured extensively, reading passages from his own books, and you could see why that would be a great thing to behold. The emotion, the humour and above all the life of the book really shone through and I have to thank Mike ever so much for that.
The shapeshifter stops midsentence, staring at Mesdan, astonished. Perhaps none of its victims had ever stood up to it before.
So, you see where I'm coming from. You see my dilemma.
Anarchists, on the other hand, should be right wing, since no government is the antithesis of a socialist or communist state. The so-called anarchists we see these days can't possibly be anarchists in the true definition of the word.
It is wonderful that Rauschenberg and John Cage decided one day to cover the wheels of a Model T with ink and run it over a long sheet of paper in the street. It is still a famous fact that he erased a De Kooning but did it in a way that was not offensive or juvenile. He drank whiskey, a lot of whiskey – always Jack Daniels. When he was to have an exhibition at the now defunct and worthy of study Stable Gallery (paging all grad students) in the fifties, he and Twombly had to clean out its basement themselves. In a world of Abstract Expressionism, he decided to illustrate Dante, put a tub of mud in a gallery, and make a paining out of dirt and grass (he watered it himself). And then there is this, absolutely priceless: Leo Castelli and U.S. officials had to sneak his painting into the main pavilion of the 1963 Venice Biennial at night so that the French would consider it for the prize. They did consider it, and Rauschenberg won.
Still, at this point adding another year seems to be more appropriate for statistical analysis or body maintenance than anything. I suppose it can be used to justify what you've accepted that you're too old to do or as some kind of a limiting thing, but I choose not to perceive it like that. Rather, it's just another mile marker along the highway of life.
Her hair is snatched but not her pride and beauty
And from handbags to gladrags!
How long does a deposition usually last?
Post Secondary…Or Not.
Magazines
The album that followed didn’t entirely live up to the promise of the single (not surprising, given its apparent history), but definitely had its charms. I may talk more about it later on.
By the end of the 19th century, there was one in virtually every rural community in France, their rise having been given a helping hand by a law passed in 1851 aimed at promoting the use of washhouses. The law had resulted in State subsidies that funded a third of all construction costs.
I had an amazing 3 days on a photo tour at one of the most revered holy places in india – hariwar which this year is the place of the maha kumbh mela. It was purely a photography expedition with a couple of talented photographers since I aint one who is so religious to check out the ‘char dhams’.
If it seems good to you, go for it.
This week was a real mess. We got a lot of new missionaries in and
Between New England and the tidewater South lay a poorly defined intermediate zone, a scattering of small colonies—New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland—and one very large one, Pennsylvania. Maryland and Delaware were mostly tidewater and might have gone the Southern path, Pennsylvania and New Jersey weren’t and might have gone the New England path, but Pennsylvania and Maryland both enacted religious liberty statutes early on and welcomed all comers, so the middle zone got dealt a couple of wild cards that ended up transforming the entire colonial enterprise: a torrent of religious and political refugees from central Europe, who fled the aftermath of the Thirty Years War, and a torrent of economic and political refugees from northern Ireland, who fled England’s tightening grip on her first and most thoroughly looted imperial colony. West of Chesapeake Bay lay the Potomac valley, one of the few easy routes into the mountains, and it’s likely that somewhere up that way—by the nature of the thing, nobody will ever know when or where—German and Scots-Irish traditions blended with scraps of a dozen other ethnic heritages to create the first draft of American frontier culture. Think log cabins and long rifles, homespun cloth and home-brewed liquor, a fierce habit of local independence and an equally fierce disdain for the cultures of the coast, and all the rest: that’s where it came from, and it spread westward along a wide front from the Great Lakes to the middle South.
This order is expected to arrive in the early afternoon from Lancaster Farm Fresh Cooperative. Please note that an item may be out of stock at the time of delivery.
the oven to 350°F. Butter a 9-inch Springform pan and place it on a baking sheet lined with parchment or a silicone mat.
Once again, there is a point to all this -- but I haven't quite gotten to it yet. I'm saving it for tomorrow, as it strikes me as an appropriate way to mark Independence Day.
Good.
I woke to the speaker talking about fathers... Here is what he said.
jeans: AG
After a few more hours, we got closer to Athens. Unfortunately we got there around rush hour on a Friday so it took a little longer to get into the city but it was entertaining sitting in traffic too. We found the rental car place back by the airport to turn it back in (there was no need to keep it in Athens with the public transportation & lack of parking spots). We found a cab & had to wait in line for a minute & then had him take us to our hotel. Being in a cab made me glad that we had dropped off the car. Just the way everyone drives & being so inpatient did not seem like a fun city to drive in.
Above is a clip from the documentary that accompanied the release of I Just Wasn't Made For These Times. Brian is singing 'Orange Crate Art' by Van Dyke Parks. The song is the title track for the album they recorded together, also released in '95. Here's the finished article.
18. when i was in the third grade, i was tested for a gifted program. i did not make it in; i was lacking in library skills they said. my best friend made it though, and she went on to be in a different third grade class leaving me behind. i think about that sometimes, walking out of the school building feeling so sad and like a failure and it is one of the very few memories I have from that time.
Village Hause Restaurant
2) Award 15 of your favorite or recently discovered blogs and let them know you nominated them. They will then award their favorite blogs.
So for me to continue and join in with The Word Writers Fair, NaNoWriMo and PiBoIdMo … I just have to remember not to quit tomorrow or hope that a very good friend comes along and tells me to stop beating a dead horse.
1/4 cup superfine sugar for topping.
“The NINDS trial was critical because it meant there was now an acute treatment that could be given and that in order to give it we had to get people to hospital urgently,” says Tony Rudd, Consultant Stroke Physician at St Thomas’ Hospital, London. “This provided a rationale for setting up acute stroke units capable of responding quickly.”
'But since we are constantly being exhorted to exercise independence of mind and apply scientific methods, undoubtedly the best way would be to knock on the janitor's door and say to him, 'If you would like a nice new barometer, I will give you this one if you tell me the height of this skyscraper'. '
(Room Conversation —August 16, 1976, Bombay)
Everyone must have thought this was the fountain of youth because most of us there had more wrinkles in ourselves than our jeans. After sass-shaying around the grounds and in and out of the “fountain” part of the party, I did feel a little better. See there? I told you. It was hot so I go me another bottle of youth and plopped down in an empty chair and just stared at all the people. Everyone seemed to feel younger than their gray hair indicated. I did. How come that is, reckon?
20 - Burl Ives - A Little Bitty Tears - 2:05
wouldn’t rise
You can be assured that all these adventure tours are worth all the thrill without compromising on the level of security and safety that you need. Throughout the duration of the tours, you can be sure to enjoy great views, amazing interaction and exciting adventures for your travel to India that would happen only once in a lifetime.
It is important to remove condensation and excess moisture by ventilating rooms correctly. You can ventilate a room without making draughts or causing it to become cold. To do this, you may only need to open the window slightly or use the trickle vent that can be found on UPVC windows. This allows warm (but moist) air to escape to the outside and let in cool (but dry) air.
The Daily Telegraph write Nick Clegg is clinging to the Coalition, but is his party starting to let go? which may give a particular view of the Lib Dems right now but has an interesting point about Nick Clegg at the end which is worth pointing out:
The first time I saw her was in a vampire den, years and lifetimes ago. A rockabilly punk-rocker dancing to Thrill Kill Kult's Sex on Wheels, her mohawk was quiet impressive to behold. She was interesting, but we didn't speak, and the passing glance may have been my own monkey watching gaze. A subject with interesting plumage, nothing more.
The news wasn’t entirely bad for home resales, however. Although total home units sold decreased, so did the number of homes available for sale. There were just 2.37 million homes for sale nationwide in March, a 2 percent drop from the month prior.
10 year old girl: Dad, if she has boobs she’s not a girl and she looks more adult, kinda like your spider-MAN. Wouldn’t she be spider woman?
Here's a page that I demonstrated at a Stampin' Up! party this past weekend.
Yikes! My daughters are fixers too! Now, I am challenged with teaching them to be less pushy fixers than I was at their ages! Uh Oh!
If your header is already quite close to right size, it's easy to change, but if your image is a much smaller, it might become blurry. Then it's better to make a new image, which is closer to right size.
I couldn’t help but notice the difference in tires, and they make a big difference in the race. The rubber is as thin as a credit card. The driver wants those tires to heat up to about 200 degrees to make them sticky so they grip the road. It seems to me it would also slow them down, but, what do I know? Our docent was knowledgeable and told us many stories about the cars development and racing experiences. This was very much a family museum.
5 seen
Chapter 19: Rule Breakers
I haven't posted since last year! I had been very busy during the Christmas Holiday, cooking, baking , visiting with family, and my Wedding Anniversary, which was Dec. 28th. We have been married for 19 years now. I didn't work at all last year. But on Jan. 6th, I got hired for the Roses store. This New Year is starting out wonderful for me! I worked from Mon.-Fri. last week, helping getting the new store set up! I was tired, but caught up with my rest today. Happy Martin Luther King Day also!
173Death, only death, can break the lasting chain;
Now that my holiday cookie tray is amply and beautifully filled with lovely cookies from the recipes posted to the #cookielove blog hop, I'm working on some great appetizers to share with you all in the upcoming weeks!
In any event they decided that there was nothing left to do but to leave the cave. Lanna, who looked at the solid cave wall where the door had slid closed, now had some regrets. But her fear of the dark opening overrode her impulse to go and try to find her friends down that dark unfathomable hole. It was, she thought, and probably quite rightly, far too dangerous a mission for this group of inexperienced adventurers. Especially without Ben there to help. Her first impulse gave way to her second. Go get Ben from the mine, and then return to rescue her friends. Surely Ben would agree, and know what to do.
of course I said yes.
“Why is there a plastic sheet under the ground here?” Emily was the inquisitive type. “I never noticed that before.”
Special mention must go to Jessica and the trashiest swimsuit of all time, though:
The new (now old) OBE curriculum was first introduced to Grade 1 pupils in 1998, and subsequently to other grades over the following decade. It was a disaster from day one! The classes were simply to big for one teacher to manage effectively, but the teachers were too proud (or too afraid) to admit this, and often blamed the kids for not paying attention. The end result of this chaos was that 1000’s of young kids (mainly white pupils, who were covered by medial aid) were over-diagnosed as having symptoms of Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). They were treated with a central-nervous-system stimulant, known as the drug Ritalin, which is almost chemically similar to cocaine, hence the reason why it is today referred to as “Kiddie Cocaine” or “Kiddie Coke”. The drug is classified by the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in the same category as cocaine and morphine. (See my previous, very short, article on this issue: Drugs R Killing our Kids, and also the more comprehensive article on the web site of Adopt a Drug Addict)
Somebody told me letting go is not easy
He, of course, tells me that he and Leah happened by accident. He wants to sit down with me for "two hours" and talk about this; have a Q&A session, if you will. I've told him I don't need to talk about it. I don't believe him, anyway, and I think he wants to try to present things to me in a manipulative way. He wants to know if we can still hug and smile and laugh together. I've told him no.
I had to resort to searching for and deleting anything with 'avg' in the title. This probably means lots of vestigial orphans clogging up my memory and that I've deleted the pictures of Auntie Vera's Garden. But the joy of success was almost worth the angst. My prodigal PC and I are friends again.
Dies: Nestabilities (4" circle, 2.5" circle, 4" Scallop Circle, 2" x 4.25" rectangle, 2" x 4.25" Scallop Rectangle)
Mind you, Amazing Minds warns me about this, saying that toddlers are fascinated by any kind of reaction from their parents and that they will often provoke negative responses out of a kind of scientific spirit of exploration. That’s fine, but I don’t want a kid who hits, either.
- My wife says: Nothing, she was watching my big fat gypsy wedding in the other room
In addition to making wonderful yummy food last week, I also have been religiously listening to My Hope Is In You. If you haven't heard it, you should because it's great (forewarning though, the music video's kinda sad!). It's been my great reminder that the end is near on the semester of law school!
& the Universe is seeing
I am on the look-out for more Style Print patterns. I found the fit to be really good and the instructions were very clear. I did muslin the bodice because it's the first time I've used these patterns. I ended up adding an extra 1/4 inch to each of the side (I was paranoid of the dreaded gaping front) and lengthened the waist front and back by about 1/4 inch. I also took about 2 inches off the skirt length.
"Therefore, since we have been justified through faith (not religion or good works), we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand.
US self-publishing service, Vantage Press, today formally announced the launch of its trade imprint, Vantage Point Books, backed by a distribution program agreed with Ingram Publisher Services. The establishment of a trade imprint has been something CEO David Lamb first spoke about introducing in 2010. The announcement included its four inaugural titles of fiction and memoir.
Mostly, the regular pink cabs would charge around 2000 baht, but we felt it more important to prioritize our safety especially that we our just starting our journey in Thailand and Cambodia. But don’t worry, I’ve had many friends who have tried the regular pink cabs, they arrived to Cambodia unscathed. So you could choose between the two options, but the Toyota Camry was already a good choice even if it was more expensive because the driver was being closely monitored by the company and there is a lady butler accompanying the driver while the guests are being taken to the destination. But if you would not like to take the Camry and just opt for the regular pink cabs, you might as well motion towards the exit upon arrival right away and just ignore the taxi agents approaching you. I tell you, they can really get persuasive– but you’re assured you’ll get to your destination safe and sound.
I began inquiring among neighbours and friends to see if they could recommend a good OB/GYN person for me to go and see. Each time I was met with blank stares.
But then Cindy told me there was a prologue for book 3 included at the end of Allegiance and, after reading that prologue, I can't wait for book three! I'm even holding out a teeny tiny bit of hope that some of the guys will get a shot at narrating! (*please please please*)
Third place:
Born on July 27, 1989, Conor O’Farrell is having his first John Smith’s Grand National ride on Swing Bill. He is the son of Kilmoganny-based trainer
You don’t take policy that is better than your process of picking any insurance and also taking cheap insurance for your vehicles. Once you decided to protect your vehicle with auto insurance, then you have to do searching and comparing method through internet that helps to get the fitting insurance for your requirements within budget. You have to know one thing; the cheap insurance is not always best since it won’t be give many benefits for its insurer. So you have to choose the reasonably priced insurance which gives useful benefits and also save your money.
The image is from The Angel Company and it's called Hello Baby - appropriate. The paper is all PTI as is the ribbon. I embossed with my Cuttlebug for a bit of depth and then cut everything with Nesies - easy peasy. Color is from Prismacolor.
The syndicated television series, Everyday Health, profiles The Miracle Project in an episode on January 28 which unites families living with Autism alongside legendary musician Stephen Stills and actor/comedian Jack Black—with a common goal of raising funds and awareness for Autism.
David reached out left and right, up, front and back, but felt nothing. He felt down around him, and it was solid enough to stand so he reached up again, still nothing. He wanted to talk or call out, but he was afraid that he’d either hear nothing or, worse, wake something up. He put his arms out and tapped his right foot out. The ground seemed solid, so he planted and stepped again. He reached, tapped, planted, and stepped about twenty times before coming to something. He pulled his hands back quickly, not knowing what it was, then touched again. He felt small, loose pieces on his fingers. He touched again as he inhaled and decided it was a wall of dirt. He was underground.
The 70s were a lot of fun, whether you’re into 70s music, 70s lyrics, 70s retro clothes (70s fashion, 70s wigs, disco fashion, 70s costumes). If you love the 70's, log onto www.70saturdaynight.com anytime and check out what happened on this day in history, what was #1 on this day, who’s having a birthday, trivia, and what this week’s theme will be! Plus, you can watch the video from last week’s show! Then come back Saturday for the live show, 9pm Eastern / 8pm Central time! The place to be every weekend is 70s Saturday Night!
For example: $1,088 per adult based on adult double occupancy in a standard room at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge or Disney’s Wilderness Lodge for arrivals most nights 10/1-11/23
I think disappointed would be mildly understating how I felt, when I made the decision not to compete any longer. My hopes and plans had ballooned to epic proportions in my mind, for me this race which had effectively been blown out of the water would be a new moment of validation and victory. No longer so, the decision hit hard for a short while before I managed to get myself and my perceptions back into perspective.
I told you it was bizarre.
Zipz shoes are awesome!! My daughter REALLY loves them! They come in seperate packs, one pack has the soles in it, and the other has the 2 top parts for the shoe, you zip them on! Zipz have adult, youth, and toddler shoes sizes! I have a feeling ZipzShoes are going to be a hit this year for Christmas! These shoes are easy to zip on, and zip off! These are the coolest shoes I've seen so far! Zipz Shoes has tons of different styles, high backs, low backs, even no backs!
Last month, I did a book event in Ontario, Canada. This past weekend, I was at Teen Book Fest in Ontario, California. When I asked readers on Facebook and Twitter to come to this lastest event, there was some confusion when I said it was in Ontario, CA. (CA can represent either California or Canada, and a few Canadians said they were happy to see me coming back so soon. So while I'm sorry for the confusion, at least the reaction was positive!)
a folk culture in which music is intertwined with the prosaic
And I'm a waitress. At a really stupid restaurant. Who doesn't know what to do with her life. Stuck in stupid Happy Valley. Who stupidly ate three and a half brownies for breakfast.
That’s $107/hr as a couple or $53.50/hr per person. And to earn that much after taxes you’d really have to earn $612; money saved (by not having to spend it) is actually worth more than we realize when the government’s cut is taken into consideration.
I used the white ribbon to add a little interest and cover up the rough edges. It is from the Tim Holtz Idea-ology Collection http://store.scrapbook.com/ch-th92877.html
Local human rights NGO Suaram filed a civil suit with the French courts to look into the government's purchase of the submarines, in which kickbacks - which are illegal in France - running into millions of ringgit were said to have been paid.
* rootdev:/sbus@1,f8000000/esp@0,800000/sd@3,0:a
I hefted the frozen chicken delightedly as I headed for my own house. I was already formulating a list of questions for the children.
After leaving Yellowstone National Park yesterday, we returned to the town of West Yellowstone to drop off the rental car and then back-tracked through Yellowstone to head south to Grand Teton.
“Anyway, having been placed on the mission we proceeded in a north westerly direction from London’s central London out to the wilds of Oxfordshire and were kept with other horses. Life was fairly banal, but I’m afraid the diet of oats caused us various digestive problems. IN order to maintain equity within our undercover work we hooked up a small internal pulley system to allow me (at the head) to pass regular treats of sugar lumps to my colleague who spent some years bent double. I’m afraid those sugar lumps played havoc with his teeth, and we spent many nights of disturbed sleep as he whined and whined about some sort of abcess.
I am pretty sure that beautiful coffee/tea pot in the background came from
1. What did you register for that you found the most helpful or use a bunch?
If you do not like what you see in the mirror, dont change mirrors, or break the glass. Change the reflection, by changing yourself.
yes, I just said that.
I'll be very honest...I was worried but I put it off...in my mind I was half nervous and half sure that it would go away. I avoided the doctor because I don't want to be THAT patient. You know the one who has a slight cough and all of the sudden they are dying of something. Aside from the headaches I feel fine and I am sure that the headaches are just related to all of the changes we have been going through and the lump is probably a swollen lymph node which is my body's way of telling me that I am about to get a cold or something. Diagnosis complete.
Yes, I know, I still haven’t done my Tag post or the two awards I’ve received, but I’ll be honest, writing and photography and thoughts about those things are always going to come first on this blog. It’s just who I am. I’ll get to those, though, really, I will.
breath taking,
For me, to blog online is to have an outlet to share thoughts, ideas, knowledge, randomness, interests, and much more. I’ve always thought of it merely to share. As I patronize other people’s post and feel connected especially when I share the same sentiments, I thought I’d do the same. It is very rewarding to have something to share with, with people from a few meters or a thousand miles away. I tried to be be just a random face (to be visible yet invisible in the interweb) as much as possible, so as not to be “conscious” of blogging about my thoughts/emotions. To just blog away. But still, I hold back in “typing away…”. I don’t really get interested reading some “stuff”, so, when I am in that kind of “stuff”, I hold back and try not to post it away. By stuff, I usually mean rants, grievances, etc.
Here is an edited version of some age-driven comments about the work environment found on a recent blog discussion:
In saying that, I am so pleased to see that we all persisted with the pieces with a few of us completing both projects.
more who strike a match and
North Face Primaloft jacket/fleece (depending on expected conditions)
“We are in the process of revisiting the recommendations that we had presented and in some instances may fine tune some of the recommendations,” Ms. Skrypniak said. “We are in the process of undertaking this analysis now and therefore have delayed releasing the final report.”
''The state of Israel is too dear to me to stop working for its interests,'' Ms Livni said before handing her letter of resignation to the Speaker.
Never send any object to an agent or an editor until you've signed a deal with them. Given the lunacy of this day and age, gifts from strangers mostly get thrown away still wrapped and unused.
of this reality. I’m the light of the world and the salt of the earth. I walk
A change is due however. We need to move onwards and upwards for we are becoming infatuated with the sensations the physical gives us and are loosing our own base frequency as a result. The effort to increase our frequencies back to our “norm” is gaining pace. Earth, the centre of physical excellence, the only physical planet to have inhabitants of free will to work with it, is the focal point for this change. It may be hard to believe, but this one small physical entity, along with us, is pivotal in the effort to lift the universe from the physical frequencies. That is why there is more and more of us becoming aware of our true role in the universe, to experience and evolve.
Calling all knitters!
Victory Helios Saison
Here's what I came up with for this theme:
I am a very, very anxious person. I have now meditated on this particular one 3 separate times -- I've done it more than the others (at this level,) because I know it's going to be the hardest to deal with. It's a very intense experience. My body enters this state of discomfort and I feel like I can't keep my muscles still. Anyone who's ever experienced or read about restless leg syndrome - you could easily liken it to that experience. But all over. I can feel my eyelids flutter and my fingers move.
When Prof. Sinclair returned from America, the police had already found Luis and his friend, Enrique. Luis had refused to talk about what had happened to Pete Byrd at all, but Enrique, being a more practical man, had shown the police the hole, but refused to go near it, pointing from a distance. Since Tikal was a UNESCO Cultural Heritage of Humanity Site, the police had stayed out of the acropolis entrance, but insisted on sending an officer down to accompany Prof. Sinclair. Once in the hole, they found that only two rooms were connected. Another wall was completely obscured by ages of dirt, which the professor assumed led in the direction of more acropolis. The first room was simply stone, with two jaguar heads carved in relief on either wall. A low doorway led to the second room, which was simply small and cramped. On the ground was the flashlight, batteries dead, but in the "off" position, and the video camera. The dirt on the ground was disturbed, apparently from Pete walking around in the room, but there was no other sign of him, and only the one exit.
Based on the book of Michael Lewis (2003), which is about what Billy Beans and his baseball team Oakland Athletics accomplished during 2002 season.
Since I have such difficulty finding hats, since my hair is so big. And I see no advice in fashion magazines or even the blogs, despite the minor hawking of hats as coming back and pimping out of hats that YOU can wear, unless, you know, your hair swallows it, I was thrilled to find the rules of thumb for hats in the pages of this tome.
There are some redeeming qualities, of course. Nikki's friend Jules is funny and likeable enough, Ashton's mythology is intriguing (if not quite mind-blowing), and Cole is easily the best part of the novel, even if he fits every bad boy trope on the books. But in the end, I just couldn't get past how bland Nikki was, and how she seemed to be brutally tossed around by the events of the story instead of taking charge at any point. I'm not saying every character has to be smart, strong, and ferocious a la Katniss, but I'd like to see them show some backbone at some point.
Gourmet Home. What exactly does this
We arrived in Kauai, Hawaii on Friday afternoon, February 3. What a wonderful anniversary present! I can't think of much anything better than celebrating 5 years of marriage to Ben by spending 2 weeks in paradise, together as a family!
Performance, sound and song selection: 4 fists.
Riots! Haven’t you heard? Riots have broken out in Detroit!
When buying eggplant, look for those that are glossy, feelfirm, and are heavy for their size. Do not substitute low-fat or nonfat milk in the sauce.
Our timing for an unobstructed view of the house and garage was impeccable because seconds, not minutes, after I took this photo the home owner, or someone visiting the home owner, drove up and parked in the driveway. Which made me wonder what is it like living in a house where tourists come to gawk at your garage probably every day of the year?
At Lunchtime, there are two readings in Louth - Drogheda Library host Marie McSweeney at 1.30pm, where Marie will be reading from her recent work. Marie has won many prizes for her short stories and poetry, including the Francis MacManus award. DkIT Library host a reading in the library's rooftop atrium garden, where people can come and listen to poets, past and present.
I made it! The last week of my first year at S* school is coming to it's end. I am amazed I made it this far considering how difficult it was at the beginning. Also I am impressed at how much my students have advanced and grown. Now I get to see them continue to grow in the 2nd grade.
The chutzpah of King Abdullah is quite breathtaking – calling upon the Christian deity to assist the Muslims to kill the Jews because the Jews have sinned. I know I shouldn’t be shocked but I can’t help it.
At the summit, a muffled public address system emanates from Eagle Heights Wildlife Park, where a flying display is under way. The sound echoes across the countryside as I continue along the ridge parallel to the line of a hedge abundant with scarlet rose-hips and crimson dogwood. A solitary oak marks the point where the path turns to descend between buttery field maples into denser woodland and the valley bottom once more.
R&D Design Engineer
Ms. Bourgeois’s sculptures in wood, steel, stone and cast rubber, often organic in form and sexually explicit, emotionally aggressive yet witty, covered many stylistic bases. But from first to last they shared a set of repeated themes centered on the human body and its need for nurture and protection in a frightening world.
Salt and sugar
Notice why the wheels are turning
We passed by the old Bentall’s store, now part of the Bentall Centre shopping complex, which boasts that it contains over 80 shops and attracts over 14 million visitors a year. Our main interest now, however, was to round off our day by exploring Kingston’s famous market.
Sounds like: A less languid, cleaner-sounding, East-Coast-based Best Coast who’ve replaced marijuana and errant males with nautical adventures.
You always think when you love someone madly that you'll have a funny inexplicable feeling in your gut when something's happened to them, no matter how minor. Well, I didn't. Maybe I have a lazy sixth sense, or maybe it was haywire during my third pregnancy.
"American Craft Beer Week is an annual celebration of these historic beer times and the amazing community citizenship of craft brewers," said Brewers Association spokesperson Julia Herz. "With an emphasis to savor the flavor responsibly and the resurgence of a rich brewing culture here in the U.S., the week is a chance to highlight and recognize the incredible contributions of America's craft brewers."
-Go through all of your photographs and save them online. I’ve personally been through two computers in two years, and I know how devastating it is to lose photographs, videos, and special memories. There are several websites and programs out there for you to upload photos, or just simply save them to a flash drive. In addition to saving them online or on an external drive, print all of your photos periodically and place them in protective albums. These are good items to put in a safe.
1.) First, get your eggplant station set up. Take your eggplant rounds and layer them, sprinkled with salt, in a large colander. Preheat your oven to 400 degrees (200 C) and layer two cookie sheets with baking paper. Beside them on work-space, place a bowl or dish filled with bread crumbs, and a small glass with olive oil and a basting brush.
For each week there is either a Scripture verse or an encouraging quote to help us spiritually in our walk with the Lord as well as gain wisdom and insight for daily living. And at the end of each week there is a page for notes and prayer requests. I use mine for writing down the sermon notes from our pastor’s messages as well as any prayer requests that are mentioned.
People keep asking if we’ll move out of the cottage after we’re married and I ask, why? Although I want to share our wedding with friends and family, our marriage will, I believe, be just between the two of us. I hope it will change nothing, but solidify everything.
so present the best plan in that ballpark”? I suspect the latter.
I just realized that I bought 3 pairs of shorts, and all three have rolled cuffs.
One coconut will yield approximately 2 cups of liquid in all (both cream and milk), which is just the right amount for most recipes. If you do have any left over, then store the cream and milk in separate, tightly-lidded jars or containers and refrigerate. For best results, use within a couple of days of extraction.
From the book Soft Moon Shining:
That has been especially true in the debate over raising the $14.3 trillion debt limit by August 2 in order to avoid a U.S. government default. Here is a rundown of the various factions — many overlap — and how they shaped the debate and how they might influence the final vote:
Margie's directions were confusing and vague. She wasn't sure about her right from her left.
It didn't happen like that though. As soon as he stopped being madly in love with Cassandra, he became a little more cold, a little more distant, and a lot less interested. And for some reason, that made Cassandra interested in him. A reverse psychology kind of thing perhaps. She became clingy. She acted jealous for the first time. They had a huge fight about him being interviewed on Good Morning America with his costar of Get it Out of Me. "The way you guys were talking. It looked like you were in love." And she claimed, "It's not just me. I heard people talking about it. And they were looking at me. Staring. Wondering if you had dumped me."
Console reviews
Beecher Stowe
I feel like I'm a broken record lately because all I talk about is packing. Sorry friends, packing and cleaning has taken over every empty space in my brain. I have lists all over the house - I have lists about errands to run, I have lists about what to pack next, I even have a list of what's in the freezer, what's in the pantry and what's in the craft bins. I may have a list to remind me of where the lists are! It seems crazy, but the lists are helping my frazzled brain --- somewhat. Since I'm trying to pack everything up and I have my handy list of craft supplies, I realized I had rope. Yup, rope - full disclosure - it's clothesline. I had bought it for something else and the something else was a fail so here sits the rope in need of a project!
So once again, if you hear angels singing off in the distance on Christmas Eve, do not be alarmed - it's just a young girl with an angelic voice singing O Holy Night, with her mom and a choir of angels filling in the chorus behind her.
Musical Director: Bill W. Wartes
- Create a LinkedIn account
I must confess...
Not too shabby. This is only the second year we have cooked our own turkey. In the past we were all about the Whole Foods special counter for holiday misfits. We joke that you know you live in a little yuppie town when the police are all out directing traffic at Whole Check on the day before Thanksgiving.
To round out that theme, Everyman’s wife gets pissed off at her husband’s electronic tryst, and makes a beeline for the adjacent menswear section, intent on buying him a new shirt just because she knows he doesn’t want one.
-You can't split checks. Well you can, but you have to tell them when you sit down. The waiters still get annoyed and act like you're asking the most ridiculous request ever. Don't even think about individual checks.
Next step: I decided that it was time to try to slay the holy French cow of butter in pastries. Again, I had been intimidated by the prospect of replacing the butter in the pastry with margarine. But I went for it, and the cream puff cases turned out perfectly. As a result, this has turned into one of my favorite and most flexible desserts as it can be both dairy and parev. It also looks great on a plate and everyone loves them. They do involve a little effort as there are three steps to making them: The pastry, the filing and the chocolate topping, but none of these stages is particularly difficult so I urge you to try this and celebrate my 50th post with me.
Once you chain such a dog, it becomes dangerous to UNchain them, as I am here (but almost wasn't!) to attest...
I recently had the opportunity to help my cousin Mary with a wonderful project she started last year. Mary puts together some care packages to send with troops being deployed. Mostly it's coffee, but she includes tea and I think hot chocolate and some goodies for them to have on those infrequent down times when they can relax. There were three sets of packages going over and everyone who contributed (I was only able to send money to cover some expenses since I'm out of town) had to give her three thank you cards to be enclosed with the goodies. I wanted to keep it to a patriotic theme so of course I went with red, white and blue. The flags are from Papertrey Ink's Friendship Jar Summer
(This is based on the fact, sad but true, that my 10-year-old goddaughter is getting the same gift from her parents.)
Teetee
Best of all, she’s not the kind of beautiful girl who’s going to let either a well-meaning psychologist or a twisted G.I. tie her up.
I am so excited to wear my new faux fur vest. I've been eyeing many different styles and finally decided on this one at Nordstrom. I've been thinking about the many ways that I can style it, of course, and didn't realize how versatile it is proving to be!
The world’s gone to the dogs
Some of my fondest memories of the places I’ve visited are the places I’ve eaten. As a fairly seasoned traveler I’ve always loved the opportunity to try new foods and restaurants when traveling. Even when on the road for work, I seek out restaurants that are locally owned, places I don’t have where I live, and places that feature locally sourced ingredients.
I consider that a win, because if it's under 4.0%...it's definitely under 4.5%. I have no problem with that. And if anyone wants to argue that 4.5% is too high to be session beer, well, at least they're keeping the conversation reasonable. 5% is a matter of not enough distinction; 6% is just silly. And that's about all I have to say on the "disagreement" and "controversy" over session beer definitions.
Here you can see the stick pins I included in the package to my partner (I do hope she liked them, she didn't mention them...I think she was worrying that my package beat hers across the pond, LOL!!) I am not worried. These pointly little pieces of art are so easy to make, why anyone wouldn't want to try their hand at them is beyond me... but you do need to have some jewelry making supplies and of course lots of pretty beads...my passion are flame worked beads, Swarovski crystals and Tibetan sterling silver spacers and beads - yes, I know beer budget champagne tastes, LOL!!!
The Bay Area schedule is replete with “anti-capitalist” events such as an “anti-patriarchy” protest and actions to protest “gentrification.”
Then I tatted over the pin and the ends to create a stem. Can you see the little leaf that I tatted.
She's Lost Control
James Constantine
learned that the hard way) It runs a little big for my small skull, but the hair makes up for any sizing issue. Ha! I'm halfway thru a second attempt using the old Caron SS with some tweaking - more slouch and a tighter rib...I'll see how it goes.
Depression is one hell of a battle. It doesn’t matter how many time one goes through it, or how long one is depressed, every time one finds themselves in this postion, it becomes a mind over matter to get out of it. At least in my situation. I have delt with depression as long as I can remember, but with me, I have extremes. My happy times are very joyful and at high levles; my sad times are bad and long winded. But the way I bounce back and forth between the two extreams is odd. But that’s not my point or least why I decided to start writing this morning……………
For one of my dissertations at university I wrote a YA travel novel and through my research for that it became clear that there really aren't a lot of well written YA travel novels at all, so I was really pleased that Wanderlove is so well written and will stand up for an under-represented genre.
"Boutros-Ghali sent his emissaries today to express their horror.
The part I kept coming back to was this, however:
I feel so lucky to have a personal relationship with Jesus! I love that my children have a personal relationship with Him as well. Our Lord is alive! He is with us always! He is forgiving, understanding, loving, faithful and so many other adjectives!
American Crafts Cardstock (White)
“The east wind caressed the side of her cream colored face, sending her long fiery red hair into a fluttery dance around her head. Lilacs and roses tangled in the breeze, a rich perfume that thickened the air with a majestic sweetness that puzzled the mind. The sun hit her apple cheeks with a golden ray that made her visage glow like bright embers.”
Fri, 10pm: Really? Wasn’t the scene at Rosa Bonheur better last year? What happened?
The 1930s musicals of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers will always hold a special place in my heart. Believe it or not, before our hyper-sensitive and more sexually aware era, it was perfectly acceptable for a straight man to love musicals without his "manliness" being called into question. I'm pretty sure your grandfather could hum a few Irving Berlin tunes in his day, but just try walking down the street belting out an Andre Lloyd Webber song--yeah, whole different scenario.
with that in mind, i have gathered a few gorgeous tablescapes that can easily be translated to your own homes and your celebrations. all photos from house beautiful.
A: I have seven Jane Austen-inspired pieces. As I said earlier, Darcy’s Passions was the first. Darcy’s Temptation (a Booksellers’ Best Award Finalist 2009) was “Passions” sequel, and it begins the day after “Passions” ends. Next came Captain Wentworth’s Persuasion, which tells Austen’s Persuasion from Captain Wentworth’s POV. Ulysses then asked for a vampire version of Pride and Prejudice, and Vampire Darcy’s Desire came about. It is set in a time 80 years before the release of Dracula. Therefore, it uses the more traditional vampiric folk literature. The Phantom of Pemberley followed. It is a cozy mystery based on the legend of the “Shadow Man.” “Phantom” took third in Romantic Suspense in one of RWA’s chapter contests. Christmas at Pemberley was released in November 2011. It is set two years after the end of Pride and Prejudice, and it takes a more “inspirational” slant than many sequels. The Disappearance of Georgiana Darcy hit shelves on March 26. It is another cozy mystery based on a Scottish folk tale, the legend of Sawney Bean.
“What did you find out?” Tate was a bit out of breath.
And that is our duty. To remember them. All of them.
I want to give this chain a nod of approval for what they're trying to do. I'd also like to commemorate the fact that humane and sustainable practices are such selling point that they can make revenue climb from 1,835,922 to 2,269,548 between 2010 and 2011. But that any changes like this, no matter how incomplete or opaque, can make us excited enough to forget to ask further questions is a sad commentary on the way the fast food industry is currently being run.
Thank you for stopping by. Create beauty where you're planted and I'll try to do the same wherever I go. Get out and see the world if you can. We don't really understand our own culture until we've experienced it at a distance. xo
But not all memories can be satisfying, no matter how sweet the conjured smell. After a few years of marriage I made the soup for My Man's family, hand-rolled noodles and everything. He has four brothers, and some of them have wives and children, so I had to double the recipe, but I neglected to double the seasonings. After my unaccustomed labor, I heard low voices saying, "It's a little bland." Missing something...." "Does anyone else want the salt?"
This week’s issue definitely lives up to it’s namesake as Eric’s Gracious Plenty! It’s SO BIG…we needed to do something different. That’s why this issue is written in a different format. Some of you may remember it…while others will not. Don’t worry…you will still be able to catch up on everything you missed!
The gecko can’t do much to control the temperature – she’s got tiny little fingers, she can’t really work the thermostat or turn the dials on the A/C. Sometimes, when there’s an incandescent light nearby, she can curl up near it and pick up some heat that way, but for the most part, most of the time, she just has to live with what the dog chooses. This is, of course, much too cold for her – she’s a gecko. Not only does she have no fur, she’s cold-blooded! The temperature makes her sluggish and sick, and it permeates her entire universe. Maybe here and there she can find small spaces of warmth, but if she ever wants to actually do anything, to eat or watch TV or talk to the dog, she has to move through the cold house.
Well, i'm not the owner for nothin'! So I added it! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA!
Gibbes’ oldest son, Lewis Reeve Gibbes, is revered at the College of Charleston as an early and influential professor of mathematics, chemistry and physics there. His also studied medicine, and published a catalogue of South Carolina plants by his mid-20s.
Who is this talking? Whose commandments are these? The Ten Commandments are “thecommandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.” Rev. 14:12.
Vulnerable people who are sick, elderly or disabled can so easily feel pressure, whether real or imagined, to end their lives so as not to be a burden on others.
I think today’s young readers are looking for more than the straightforward tellings. They’re not turned off by a differently told story. Like adult readers, they’re turned off by poor storytelling.
So what else am I doing? Well, a friend of mine has convinced me to give SW:TOR a try again, and I have found myself messing around on Everquest 2 again, despite the fact I never get passed level 30 before cancelling my sub.
run further
let btst n b = (n lsr b) land 1 let bmix i j k b = patterns.((btst i b lsl 2) lor (btst j b lsl 1) lor (btst k b)) let shuffle (i, j, k) = bmix i j k 0 + bmix j k i 1 + bmix k i j 2 + bmix i j k 3 + bmix j k i 4 + bmix k i j 5 + bmix i j k 6 + bmix j k i 7 let magnitude h (x, y, z) = let p, q, r = match h land 7 with
Step 5: Separate the loop down the middle into two sections to create the bows.
I'm strengthening my heart
It is a beautiful red-orange with the most amazing micro-glitter. It applies very smoothly, and is just jelly enough to let the glitter show all it's sparkly goodness.
I hope you try this. Try it out and see how it feels. I am sure that if you do, you will know just how good it does feel to send out a bit of love in this world.
Adoption creates complex emotions bcause adoption itself is complex, forming out of complex situations. As adoptive parents, we must avoid growing easily angered when discussing adoption and adoption issues... because we may fully understand just three or four of the 25 or 30 issues important to the topic at hand. It's always far more complex than we realize.
Another unlikely table that has recently become one of Paris' hottest tables is the joint venture between Thierry Costes and former two star Crillon chef Jean-François Piege, Thoumieux. The old 1920's brasserie located in the chic seventh had been flagging in recent years, and Piege's redesign of both the dining room and update of the classic French menu (with additions such as the pizza soufflé and "carbonara" of calimari) have pleased diners as much as the reasonable prices. The upcoming renovation of the hotel and his future upstairs chef's table , (perhaps) called "Le Piege", will, according to rumours serve anywhere from 8 to 25 lucky diners. We'll see in a couple months.
is aimed squarely at me.
Weekend plans-
Egypt’s new Islamist-dominated parliament is preparing to introduce a controversial law that would allow husbands to have sex with their deceased wives up to six hours after death. Known as the “farewell Intercourse” law, the measure is being championed as part of a raft of reforms introduced by the parliament that will also see the minimum age of marriage lowered to 14 for girls. After an inevitable "WHAT!!!???" response, which of the following options do you think was the reaction of many (thankfully, not all) of the media?:
When we brought skinny white cat to the vet, the vet had a minor stroke when I told her we were feeding her Purina cat food. All the cats eat Purina! It is the name I know, the name I trust! Apparently, it is complete crap. CRAP!! How am I supposed to know? It turns out I've been feeding all of my pets the equivalent of Taco Bell for the last 5 years. I switched the dog to something called "Chef Michael" which is way more expensive than the Beneful (both by Purina!) but turns out to also be CRAP!! Makes me feel terrible, you know? Like I've been feeding them Twinkies and tree bark.
Heading back up the trail to Natasha's house, we picked dandelion greens. Back at home base, she cooked the gathered items in olive oil and garlic and along with her homemade soup from mostly last season's harvest, we had a feast, followed by a viewing of Natasha's latest paintings. What an an amazing and prolific artist she is.
Unexpectedly running into friends in the Charlotte airport.
According to Sony, this is the main reason for said acquisition. The company wants smartphones to be part of the connected home that they have been creating for years. As of now, they have done a great job with their other products: computers, televisions, Blu-ray players, game consoles and other devices have the ability to communicate with one another, taking us closer to the “smart home.”
Hope you will meet a little sweetie pie this week.
(Ps. 22:9 (8) HRV)
Yeah, its alright.
to do with them?
It doesn’t really taste like beer with a raspberry tang as much as it tastes like a beer cocktail with raspberry flavored soda. Remember the shandy? Yeah, it’s kind of like that. I didn’t hate it. I didn’t love it. I drank one, and left the other 5 in my fridge, hopefully to offer to a more girlier girl than me.
Cancer is progressive, so is syphilis, woodworm, dry rot and dementia, and all of them bring friendlier changes than have the “progressive” politicians and reformers of our age.
Also, this episode is about the Prime Directive, so it’s going to be annoying. Here we go.
However, following on from my last post,
Barnabas Collins as Beetlejuice ?
Mendelsohn, 21, is a medical assistant by day and a candy artist by night. M&M’s are her medium for artistic expression and the patterns she creates are mind-boggling and stunning. She begins by separating the M&Ms by color into gallon size freezer bags and then she sits down to create a pattern.
printables from Christina's
2-7 Blackout
But I guess that doesn't make for very good television because all I saw from Paris was a bunch of hootin' and hollerin'. At least no one showed their boobs.
The major problem is not that we have 10 tails (losses) or 10 heads (wins) in a row. The trader could be executing her edge flawlessly and still experience a series of losses.
And here I thought she had heard it all. Perhaps this time it seemed to her more an act of violence, a violation, something much more personal- after all, she was not on the street or in the subway but in her own room- all of this verbal filth coming in through her own window- invading her own private space. And I was not there to protect her.
everything here is on a roof ...including the waterfall...simply amazing!
to have a child and parent directed education
Father, I know that fear is costly but I’m finding it difficult to trust in You as I should. Help me to step out of my comfort zone and use both my natural and spiritual gifts as you intended me to.
Venice
As most dance judges and dancers know, critiques on costuming means the dance is such a lost cause-piece-of-shit not even worth trying to comment on. But put Heather Morris in a tight jumpsuit made of any material and the case is different. I appreciated the Glee costume designers and their dedication to the traditional outfits of B. Spears.
Martha Stewart Punch - Branch Leaf
administration would
Because what I do know is that the kidnappers did not give the boy back.
“It’s not about solving cases, it’s about helping people.”
Lend me your ear and give me a moment to explain.
Several of the men, including lieutenant John Gore and ship’s master Robert Molyneux, had visited Tahiti two years earlier when they sailed there aboard the Dolphin, captained by Samuel Wallis. This was the first time European’s had visited the island and at that time Purea was already estranged from her husband, a chief by the name of Amo.
2. I launched a new audiobook series. I am narrating my own stories in a series of audiobook chapters. During this "figure it out" phase, we're serializing one of my short stories, the Booke Cases mystery "Don't Fall For That Trick." We have a fun summer replacement series scheduled, and then I'm hoping this fall to come back with an audiobook version of one of my novels—I just haven't decided yet which one.
7And our cry went up to the Lord, the God of our fathers, and the Lord’s ear was open to the voice of our cry, and his eyes took note of our grief and the crushing weight of our work:
I pinched my self one time, ouch! two times, still hurts! i think i did it a third time too,lol.
The 1964 election in Smethwick shows where the persecutions can lead. An offensive slogan had been used during the election campaign and posted on walls “If you want a N***** for a neighbour, vote Labour”. Harold Wilson attributed this to Conservative candidate Peter Griffiths, when being interviewed by Robin Day on Panorama of 9th March 1964. After the Election, now Prime Minister, Wilson broke from his address on the Queen's speech to insult the victorious Griffiths by calling him a “Parliamentary Leper”, who would be shunned in the House. This breached the convention that new members be protected until after their Maiden speech. Just two weeks before polling Griffiths was de-humanised in the Birmingham Post, and the Times whose Midland correspondent wrote, ”It is abhorrent to all Conservatives and officials of stature to whom I have talked.” He did not say to whom he had talked! He headed his column of the 12th, “Vile – it's all in Black and White.” As the election result was announced the Marxist Bishop of Southwark, called the electorate “unchristian”, and the Bishop of Chelmsford attacked local voters yet this was a model of democracy - a local man fighting on a local issue elected by local people. The unelected Bishops lived far away in fabulous palaces insulted them on a priori ideological grounds. State broadcaster the BBC took American Black Power leader Malcolm X to Smethwick for current affairs programme “Tonight”. He told the world’s media,” I have come here because I am disturbed by reports that coloured people in Smethwick are being badly treated. I have heard they are being treated as the Jews under Hitler. I would not wait for the Fascist element in Smethwick to erect gas ovens.” That was what the BBC had told him! They denied having taken him there but Mayor C V Williams investigated: “I was most amazed at the finesse shown by the BBC. I was told the car was not a BBC car but it was owned by one of the directors.” Malcolm X told the Times that the BBC had taken him. This led to a bomb being planted outside Mr.Griffiths’ home on 26th October 1965. (4)
Work proceeds. Yes I'm spoiled insensible with this work-from-home thing. It's also troublesome--I found myself going stir-crazy during yesterday's all day rainstorm. It was then that I realised that I'd not been outside except for very brief sorties to the chicken coop and to walk the hounds in the evenings since the last weekend. It's taking some adjusting, and I'm not the fastest learner, but I'll get there. I just need to remind myself that there's nothing really forcing me to leave the house on a daily basis, and if I don't think about it I'll end up turning milk white and blind and perhaps developing some sort of superior food-finding sensory apparatus.
I was just in Math today
-Have long lasting household target in Great britain.
Bad Weed
Though if they are anything like the Librarian I would hope they have a Babelfish in their knapsack. Then, maybe, I could talk to Dad too.
Luckily (or perhaps not) and unsurprisingly, I found the story also on the Guardian whose headline reads “Co-op boycotts exports from Israel’s West Bank settlements”, with the sub-heading “UK’s largest mutual takes lead among European supermarkets” – as if the boycott is a good thing that should be emulated by European shops.
12-Eliminators - The Lonely Sea
I loved Mom and she loved me, but that does not guarantee an easy relationship. I tried to write on Mothers Day but the day came and went. This morning I noticed the date and thought, it's time. Time to pay homage but to do it with honesty.
I was never really in it all the way.
We planned on a new imac this past week and just as though we planned it, Apple came out with significant enhancements on a new release on the very day that we had planned to pic one up. I’m now typing from the bluetooth keyboard of a 27<U+2033> quad core imac that screams. The previous version was a great machine, but this new imac has 70% more processing power and 300% faster graphics handling. Fabulous for what we do . Comparing it to our retired G4 is to compare two different worlds.
1. Gay Purr-ee Overture - Judy Garland
Now I’m onto CBS Sunday Morning. As mentioned above, I haven’t had time to sit back and watch the full show. I just get the first 20 minutes. I love the first five minutes, where they do a video clip overview of the news and then they get right into it. But they care far too much about politics. I know it’s an election year but do we really need to do a 10-minute talk about either Romney or Santorum every morning. I’m over that.
I am looking for more crock pot/slow cooker recipes so please post your family favorites, or you can always email them to me and I will post them as I put them in the menu.
Christie Brinkley, the model, Hamptons socialite and real-estate investor, has put a 19th-century five-bedroom house in Sag Harbor on the market for $15.75 million.
CLOCKWORK ANGELS NORTH AMERICAN TOUR ITINERARY
Final Gravity: 1.021
In relating himself to his Jewish audience, Paul sought to impress them with his background. He was brought up in that same city of Jerusalem. He spent his formative years there, but also trained at the feet of the greatest lawyer of the day, Gamaliel. We met this man back in Acts 5:34.
Paper: Basic Black, Whisper White, Lucky Limeade, Rich Razzleberry, Early Espresso
And, finally, Dr. Snyderman gets to the heart the matter and promotes her personal ideological belief, which requires devaluing the individual:
Honorary Beer Scribe for Guest on Tap
Dumas appears as a character in the Kevin J. Anderson novel Captain Nemo: The Fantastic History of a Dark Genius. He encourages Jules Verne to find his own voice and write about his friend Captain Nemo’s exploits rather than emulate Dumas’ historical fiction.
and serve with Green Chile sauce for dipping.
But as presently constituted, I'm still anxious to see how far the Rangers can go in these upcoming playoffs. And yes, I do have expectations. But I couldn't be in any more agreement than I am with Coach Torts when he says, right now ignorance is bliss. I do not want the Rangers thinking about sixteen wins. I merely want their minds on the next three periods. That's where our success has been.
Yes, this scares the ever-loving beejeebus out of me. Yes, I know that sonograms aren't entirely accurate.
You will get to see most of the new images today as you sit back and enjoy our MARCH Krafty Hop! If you want to start from the beginning, just head over to the Kraftin’ Kimmie Challenge Blog!
Our CCM woman seems to have been a student all her life. She doesn’t have the skills or the money to make it on her own. She has to agree with them in order to get tuition, student loans, etc. – in order to live away from her parents. This would be another pressure on her to turn away from her Christian faith. She is trapped by not having any marketable skills that would allow her to earn a living without having to agree with anyone’s views. Students also have the things they read handed to them – it’s much harder for her to find the time to read things that the professors don’t want her to read – and she could never bring those things up in class safely anyway. A lot of people who thrive on being told that they are good prefer to stay in school where it is easy to just do whatever the teacher says in order to get good grades – especially in non-STEM fields like English.
that offered us a ride
I hope for this lady, who I met by chance encounter, gets the help she needed from the police and is able to leave him where he belongs, in jail. He obviously has some serious issues that he needs to work out for himself and beating a woman doesn’t make him a tough guy either. By a man beating a woman he is showing just how weak and pathetic he really is. I hope he is caught and brought to justice for his actions. Everyone deserves a second chance but he used that up a long time ago.
Off the shore of Brazil, almost due south of the heart of São Paulo, is la Ilha de Queimada Grande. The island is untouched by human developers, and for very good reason. Researchers estimate that on the island live between one and five snakes per square meter.
On that note, Obama cares more about his own image than he cares about the image of America or it's people... let me explain. Obama recently visited Venezuela where he met with their EXTREMELY anti-American President Hugo Chavez. Chavez published a book titled "Open veins of Latin America, five centuries of pillage of a continent" which "explains" and I mean that in the lightest of terms, how America is EVIL and has destroyed this hemisphere.Why on earth would you accept an anti-American literature? YOU'RE THE PRESIDENT! If it was me I would have told him... thanks, but no thanks(palin)! HA HA! Also After meeting with Chavez, Obama met with other Latin America leaders where he said, "I'm grateful that President Ortega did not blame me for things that happened when I was 3 months old."Obama... let me write this is capital letters so you will understand me... 1. YOU ARE NOT ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL ANYMORE! 2. I find it despicable that you found it more prudent to "defend" yourself than your country right after President Ortega bashed the U.S. for a whole hour. Obama is a ME-MONSTER... ME ME ME ME ME... -You can say what you want about the American people, just don't hurt my feelings : )
Can you tell that this has become a common theme with me recently? The closer I get to actually querying my manuscript, the larger this question looms. Is my work worthy? Do I belong in the club? Or am I like Chuck and his son, star-gazing into a refracted reality? But what about the positive comments I get from my beta readers and critique group, don’t they count for something? Then I remember all of the praise and slaps on the back Chuck and his son received, were those not sincere as well?
Okay, for whatever reason....I could not get the code for the actual result so I have had to do some fairly basic cut and paste here..... yep...so number 2 which is Grace.
In line with the recent findings that blood pressure medications compromise the circulation to vital tissues, a recent study found low treated blood pressure was associated with poor thinking, and mild hypertension was associated with better thinking.20 By over-aggressive lowering of blood pressure with medication function of the brain in the elderly was found to be impaired. The best brain function was associated with a blood pressure of about 159/85 mm Hg (a level consistent with the lowest risk of strokes, heart attacks, and deaths). This loss of intelligence may be permanent in some cases. Just published in the journal Stroke are the findings that patients whose systolic blood pressure (the top number) dropped 15 mmHg or more in six years or less had triple the risk of Alzheimer’s disease, or other forms of dementia.21 Their findings indicate that poor blood flow to the brain, resulting from a decline in blood pressure, in some cases from over-treatment with anti-hypertensive medications, promotes permanent loss of brain function – dementia.
The Film Chest/Cultra release is remastered in HD, and comes in a Blu-Ray + DVD combo pack. The picture looks phenomenal considering the age and pedigree of the movie, and should be enjoyed by purveyors of fine cheese everywhere.
The rustling of blankets in all colors
When the sons of Zinyemba saw this they planned to kill Hundungu. The elder son, Tumwe, took his sister called Magopo and many cattle, sheep and goats to Chinamora said, “This woman and these cattle, sheep and goats we give to you Chinamora. We beg you to send your warriors to kill Hundungu because he took the chieftainship which belongs to our father Zinyemba. Our father Zinyemba died on the way when he was going to the chief of the vaRozvi, he beg him to take the chieftainship of Mangwende from Hundungu and give it to him. Today we have come to you. We want you to send your army to kill Hundungu.” when he had heard the sons of Zinyemba he answered, “I will not accept this woman and all these cattle, sheep and goats and I will not send an army to kill Hundungu because Hundungu was confirmed by your midzimu. Your father tried to go to the vaRozvi and he died on the way. This means that Hundungu was confirmed by your midzimu.”
For this card, I used the damask stencil for the background. I cut the cardstock, then lightly sprayed the back with isopropyl alcohol, then ran it through my Cuttlebug. The heart stencil is another new release, gorgeous 'eh? I used white matte embossing paste with it, then cut closely around the design. I love these little pearl pins Lynell has is her site too. I added a couple of Swarovski turquoise crystals and a multi-stone thingie at the bottom as well. I added a Making Memories "Love" charm in the centre of the embossed heart.
The Kids of Dandelion Township on Amazon Books Written by Nicole Borgenicht, and Illustrated by Lisa M Griffin
The enemy design is tragically generic. Both in terms of look and design – normal enemy, crawly enemy, enemy with ranged attack, big enemy etc.
Harry Potter fans around the world have been suffering from Post-Potter Depression ever since the epic conclusion of the 7-novel, 8-film series last July. But though the story has come to an end, magic-lovers everywhere are finding solace in a very unique type of exercise.
"Hi, I love your wonderful blog on the old Tappan stoves.
Then sit/stand back and sip coffee. Sure they'll all start eating, drinking and rooster will be doing his thang to the ladies, (urgh!) but sooner or later one of those girls will crave a bit of egg laying.
Tom and I were inspired at the end of last year by a foraging walk we took with Robin Harford of Eat Weeds. In late autumn and just a short mile or so he showed us many plants which could be eaten or used in cooking, and he told us their stories with such joy and passion! We learnt about the indigenous plants whose seeds would have been used to spice foods before exotic spices were shipped in from far shores, like Hogweed (Heracleum sphondylium).
I have but a moment before one of them comes back. They seem to be everywhere and they know all. The only reason I have this brief moment is because I fed them early and they are deep in the bowels of their bowls. It all began so innocently. It was merely a trip to the Humane Society on a lovely fall day. I blithely looked in the windows of the various rooms never knowing that it would spell my doom. There were hundreds of them. If I had known what I know now, I would have expired on the spot. But no, my blissful ignorance blinded me to the obvious. Those poor, poor people working at the society thought they were the captors, when really they were merely the pawns of the evil horde. Alas, I can’t help them. I only have enough strength left for one more attempt. I was a fool that day. What I thought was instant love between me and the fluffy one was instead a diabolical plot to force me to bring her home. We were not in what used to be MY home for more than three minutes before the truth began to slowly seep into my reality.
Starting with the liquid, add in 1 cup of milk of your choice. Now add in the chia or flax and nut butter. Next, add in the spinach followed by the banana on top. Blend until smooth. Add in your ice cubes and blend some more.
the fantastic giveaways each is offering and follow their blogs as well.
U is for United. I love how blogging can unite people.
6. Paul Williams - Someday Man
The new study is being published on Monday in the journal Pediatrics. It was paid for by government grants and conducted at hospitals that are part of the Breast Cancer and the Environment Research Centers, a group formed in 2003 after breast cancer advocates petitioned Congress to set aside money to study possible links between environmental exposures and breast cancer.
At least five times a day I get these awesome little boy arms thrown around me and McQ will squeeze me and say, "You are the best mom in the entire world!"
Green Button
- Monogram canvas with natural cowhide trim
The resolution to this issue (the last in the series), sees Moon Knight replacing two of his personalities with different because, hey why not? They also set him up to be involved in the upcoming Ultron based storyline that Marvel has been hinting at for the majority of the last three years.
The holidays were spent hosting lots of family, drinking lots of egg nog and consuming lots of xmas cookies. Oh and in the middle of all that my sister introduced me to a little show called Portlandia – OBSESSED.
-Remove from pan and served.
There must be a break for cat blogging.
Isn't it pretty? You'd never guess that it came together in minutes. I purposely chose this recipe because it called for radishes. I'm not a huge radish fan, but I proudly harvested these radishes from my garden this week. They are the first crop to be ready for consumption. Yay! Of course I had to use them in a recipe. The radishes added that perfect "bite" to this fresh, tasty salad.
This morning the sun has deserted us again and its starting to cloud over and rain, nice while it lasted, hope to see you again soon Mr Sunshine.
Unfulfilled.
Being Human's fascination with Mitchell, and its determination to shape itself around him and his stories, was in its first two seasons the show's greatest flaw. The tormented vampire who tries to stop killing is, after all, a rather familiar and even worn trope, and unlike Angel, his obvious template, Mitchell has no mission or life goal to distract either him or us from the monotony of his core dilemma. He spends his time struggling manfully against his desire for human blood, occasionally giving in to that desire, and then beating himself up over his lapse and vowing never to fall off the wagon again (the addiction metaphor is deliberate and made quite explicit over the course of the series, but like True Blood's paralleling of vampires with homosexuals, and especially in light of how Mitchell's story concludes, the analogy is quite problematic). After the third or fourth iteration of this story the audience might be forgiven not only for feeling bored, but for wondering just why such a character--who is either an unrepentant murderer or an irredeemable monster--was still being portrayed as sympathetic and deserving of our affection.
I want you to finish the title…God reveals what to you ?
Hilary: Mystically; The Word of God, on the close of the Law, entered the ship, that is, the Church; and departed into the desert, that is, leaving to walk with Israel, He passes into breasts void of Divine knowledge. The multitude learning this, follows the Lord out of the city into the desert, going, that is, from the Synagogue to the Church. The Lord sees them, and has compassion upon them, and heals all sickness and infirmity, that is, He cleanses their obstructed minds, and unbelieving hearts for the understanding of the new preaching.
I've been looking for curtains for my entryway ever since we moved in. I knew I wanted the material to be light in colour as my entryway's colours are white, beige and blues. I looked everywhere for white curtains.
3.)
That a whole world exists beyond this cube we live in. And finding that led to a major rebellion—between worker scrubs like me and the snobby uppers who rule our world. Make that ruled. Because of me, we’re free. I thought that meant I was off the hook, and could go off on my own again—while still touching base with Riley, of course. He’s the one upper I think I can trust. But then we learned that there’s outside and then there is Outside.
Without stepping on any ducks,
A member of the National League of American Pen Women, as well as a Distinguished Alumnus of Evangel University, Lewis has written over 80 books for children, youth, and adults, many of them award-winning. She and her husband, David, make their home in Colorado, where they enjoy hiking, biking, and spending time with their family. They are also avid musicians and fiction "book worms."
silver-tongued I coax and compliment her into my bed,
Family matriarch Elizabeth Collins Stoddard (Michelle Pfeiffer) is the one person Barnabas entrusts with the truth of his identity. But his rather odd and anachronistic behavior immediately raises the suspicions of the live-in psychiatrist, Dr. Julia Hoffman (Helena Bonham Carter), who has no idea what kind of problems she’s really digging up.
I'm exhausted.
The evening was hosted by The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Unity Productions Foundation and the Turkish Cultural Center.
In our day Jesus would have just looked in all the places where people were not the most educated, most liked and were not sort out for. He would have strolled into the places where no one would have gone. I could just imagine him strolling across the park near the rough areas with the down and outs and the uneducated people and calling them to follow him dropping everything. I think that this may have been one of the reasons why they were so quick to follow him. They had already been rejected and told they were no good but someone chose them.
So its finally Friday and my HELL week is officially over. Technically it was last night at say 6:58, when I promptly ended my speech , sat down, and had to suffer through approximately 14 other people do their speeches.
$2/1 Wisk mq
You can follow me on:
Bake in greased and floured cake pans for about 30 minutes, or until golden brown. Assemble as described above.
I still haven't actually got much these past few months but the things i'm showing you are things I really am in love with and I think are definately worth buying. I want to try and buy more makeup as I haven't got much for a while and there wasn't really much that I felt was good enough to show you. I definately want to expand my blush collection, I have a serious lack of beautiful cheek colours!
16. Wouldn't wanna be like you - The Alan Parsons Project / 3:13
To help me correct the errors I've made?
A while back, I was going to stop gym at the end of the year for a few reasons. Firstly, I had no partner(s) to be with next year, as my current partners are leaving and no-one is strong enough to hold me any more, and I didn’t want to become a base of a lower level. Secondly, I have huge exams at the end of next year so I didn’t know if I was going to be able to cope with the school work on top of gym. I also wanted to have more time to myself and to be with my friends. The only problem was, I was going to miss gym. HUGELY!
Ask my heart to stop
Change the religious sentiment of the North on the subject of slavery and the political action of the North will instantly co-operate with it.
As well, the Farrell Sentiment Index (not shown) which takes into account half of the ‘neutral’ respondents has provided a buy signal by rising from below 0.50 and crossing higher.
Until 4 am?
waiting for another blind date
Minimalist living hurting the economy. Please!
My throat it still tastes like house fire and salt water
I remember, as a child, seeing someone on television crying, and I couldn't figure out why. Everything about the circumstances seemed festive, positive. It might even have been Miss America accepting her crown.
God took the strength of a mountain,
One hundred dollars.
Real Talk vs. Spine of Deathwing
After spending several years in Brazil, Germany, and Spain, she now lives in Vorarlberg, Austria with her husband and her three children.
Usually putting hilariously over the top Italian zombie exploitation movies on for Starkwell and Lovelock to enjoy produces mixed results. Hilarity always ensues, but reactions vary. Well now, let’s add JOHN SAXON to the mix and see what happens with this promising 1980 film, “Cannibal Apocalypse”.
I mean, Google has only given me, for free*:
“What time was your dinner set for?”
"my dad has a wine cellar"
Llewelyn is a satisfyingly stolid everyman, full of awe and indignation. He is an excellent contrast to the peculiar and mysterious Barker about whom we only discover fragments as the narrative unfolds. There is enough edge to both characters, however, to promise conflict and crises in future instalments.
On Saturday August 22, 2009 the commercial “CAN’T LOSE” is scheduled to shoot interior and exterior scenes at 109 St. James Place between Greene Avenue & Gates Avenue
South Ohio (Cincinnati), Central and Southwest Kentucky (Hopkinsville, KY) , Evansville Indiana, all the way north to the tip of Michigan (Frederic, MI) / Grand Rapids, MI……
Sorry about the last bit rhyming. My brain does that when it’s tired.
Heaven favor the bold and bless the foolish…a small thought passed through her head–willing her legs to continue their ramped up activity as she continued to pick up speed at an impressive pace.
We are people who Christ has come into our lives and now it is time to talk like it. Christ does not want us talking in our old ways but wants us to move ahead. Many of us talked like this before Christ changed us so now we need to be talking like people Christ changed. Many of us find comfort in the past ways we lived but Paul reminds us in Philippians 3 that we are to forget the past and press forward toward the high calling in Christ Jesus. Let us exchange our potty mouth with thankful mouths
I failed JLPT Level 1 and am still not sure how to deal with it. I can't say that I needed the certification for anything. But I wanted it, and the fact that I failed it by two lousy points is just awful. If they held these exams more often and they didn't cost so much money to take, I probably wouldn't feel as shitty about the results. But between the ever-rising yen, and the fact that I feel absolutely financially screwed for the next few years of my life, I don't know if I should even consider retaking the exam in July.
Week 3 – Wagner unleashes his Latino love machine in a Spice Girls / Ricky Martin mash-up rescinding the ‘no white after Labour Day’ rule and looking hot in dream catchers and a mesh wife beater. Phwoar!
Plan: Make handbags of the above. I think the sleeves would make a number of cute little cell phone or camera bags. The felt purse projects are now lined up in proper order behind a dozen or so others. Strange thing, though, about my orderly plans. Sometimes projects jump queue, and next thing you know, lovely chaos!
Yellow cake, strawberry jam, and peanut butter garnish
Simplicity would suggest, if you want a job done right, ask a specialist.
I loved the bit about them being waterproof. Always a handy quality in a gumboot. I also loved the bit about them being designed for fashion and light work. They will be perfect for The Farmchildren. While we believe in child labour on The Farm, we do keep them on light duties and expect a certain level of style from all workers big or small...
After you've finished the letter, spellcheck it again, proofread it, and then put it, and the documentation into an envelope and address it. One of those manila envelopes is probably a good size.
By Julie Rowe
An assessment confirms she is okay, but will no doubt feel the pain of yet another compounded fall tomorrow. The lights are dim however there is a light that fills the room.
Vegan. Ironman triathlete, marathoner, winner of more than 700 first place trophies in racing. Named “One of the Top Ten Fittest Women of 1999<U+2033> by Living Fit Magazine, “Athlete With The Veg Edge” by Vegetarian Times. Author of “A Race For Life” and ” The Race For Life Cookbook.”
Must I be carried to the skies
egg
"Okay," he whispered back. He then turned and left.
In the years since Saudi and Egyptian radicals destroyed the World Trade Center, Egypt has received upwards of $20 billion in American aid, and the Saudis have strengthened their position as “friends of the United States” and recipients of our military hardware, all the while vacuuming up the wealth of the West in return for the oil they happen to be sitting on top of.
As unfortunate as it is, I could not be in Texas with her (which I know many others would choose to be there as well)... But Aunt Christine will be sending updates throughout the day. These updates may be a bit short and to the point- but before we get started with brief updates, I wanted to give you all some 411 on the process Marissa is heading into today.
Rief collects one class set of notebooks each day, so she is responding to students 4 days a week. She collects the notebooks every two weeks. Students get a quantity grade (4-8 half hours for reading, 8 vocabulary words and 4-8 pages of writing) and a quality grade. When asked what the quanties were worth, Madison told me "8 is an A; 4 is like the lowest."
The first book I remembered reading more than once must be a Nancy Drew mystery when I was 10 or 11. I read them so quickly that I had to read them more than once since I only went to the library once a week!
2010.08.18 Pakistan Nazimabad 1 0 A children's doctor is shot to death by sectarian rivals.
All powers remain the same for primary characters, but here are some “powers” that other characters have:
"In the world of endurance sports, exercise isn't just an activity, but a lifestyle."
It’s a little pedestrian in pacing, but after the uncertain beginning, this film is more than worthy of the series. I actually prefer it to REVENGE and CREATED WOMAN. The Monster is preposterous (and not from Hell) but then, Christopher Lee’s makeup was just a lot of silly putty. The Baron’s theory that a beautiful mind would render those features agreeable was never really put to the test, was it?
These pieces are all available for sale. Six of them are on the shelves of my Etsy shop already and the rest of the pieces will be added in the coming days. Please stop by my shop to browse, to see close-up, detailed images of each piece, and to read more about the series.
Pictures like that give me tingles of happiness.
the frames and for texture on the OUTside of many of the frames as well.
It was written up in the Star Tribune this week.
Why have I felt so much guilt and shame as I struggle and continue to fail?
So here is the list of items i've got
He highlights a connection between the French knight and the Crusaders who sacked Constantinople in 1204. “And we have a description of a cloth, that sounds very like the Shroud, that had been seen before that in Constantinople, described as the burial cloth of Jesus, that then goes missing and is never heard of again.” So, de Wesselow’s theory is that it was taken to France by the Crusaders as looted bounty.
Herman van Veen Toveren NL
I knew there would be someone there to ask me if I was Muslim, etc, checking I was not some European tourist trying to lie her way out of walking to the tourist entrance. I had of course by this point put on my hijab and long sleeves, but nevertheless expected a man there expecting me to say “Assalamu 3alaykom” or something of the like.
It tastes good, it's easy to drink, but I think I'd rather have a Rochefort 10 or La Trappe Quad anytime.
There will be some kind of trial
(9) Canvas paper
A set of V&A flower stamps
Is it really Saturday already??? It's been a crazy week and I'm not sure I actually accomplished anything! I did have to get my daughter ready to go and on a plane back across the country for her sophomore year of college. Sad day. Sad week. That actually took up most of my free time between doctor appointments, haircuts, clothes shopping, helping her with her packing job, and of course the drive to the airport. I only made it into the classroom twice this week...and only furthered the mess I think. Boo.
*Disclaimer - I received the item mentioned above, free of charge, for review purposes. In no way did this alter my opinion of their products. All of my opinions expressed in this post are one hundred percent honest and true.*
They are soon followed by local legend Megas, an Icelandic Bob Dylan famed for lyrics that confront the less salubrious aspects of his society. At one point a ten-year-old child invades the stage, in a bid to get closer to an idol who is a good 50 years his senior. It is the equivalent of a primary school pupil trying to hug Mark E Smith from The Fall.
Please contact Alfred Chiodo at (718) 260-9191 if you would like more information.
When we got off of the plane inFresno, my daughter’s first comment was that I didn’t look so good. I just had to smile. I knew that I was not in the best of condition, but oh, it could have been so much worse. God had given me two miracles! And He had reminded me that I need to be more thankful for all of His daily blessings that I tend to take for granted. He truly revealed His love and care for me.
Fifth, our Adina-Dollie is taking a little hiatus. No worries folks, she's doing fine, and the family is happy and healthy; she's just a gal with a whole lot on her plate right now. So she'll be popping by when she can, and she'll still be watching, and she WILL be back when the time is right!
I’ve also played with a lot of mandala coloring pages over the years…I even use to try and draw out mandalas that I saw in my mind’s eye during meditations. I studied the archetypal meanings behind mandalas during my college years. But I’ve never sat down and really tried to make my own. I didn’t really understand the actual symmetry and math behind them. Somehow way back then I missed the ease of the patterns, the whole thing seemed to magical and mystical to me. I let the fear of trying to get what was in my head and out onto the paper keep me from realizing that mandalas are just repeating shapes, all made up of other little shapes. Duh. Too much thinking, my own brain got in my way…
The fact is, despite the power it derives from reserves of gas and oil, Russia is weak both politically and militarily, something that Lukashenka clearly understands. Quite apart from fears of being trapped in another swamp, the unwillingness to intervene in the Kyrgyz situation is an indication that the army is simply not equipped for a prolonged peace-keeping mission. The Russian ‘sphere of influence’ is clearly little more than a geo-political dream, pretence at a power that has vanished and vanished for good.
Sometime after mom's death, us 3 girls were separated between the 2 sets of grand parents. I was raised with my father's parents who consisted of his dad, mother in law and half brother Pasca. My real father's mom died in his teenage years, she was a Concert Pianist.
When I was a child, Christmas was an enchanted time. The whole month of December resonated with incredible bliss. The anticipation, the decorations, the various traditions, the scents, my family - it all created a harmonious atmosphere which filled me with happiness.
Mom- Daddy wont be mad, he loves the rain
Bye bye chairs, bye bye pavers... hello bench!
USC
And because it was raining all day long, I didn't get much chances to take tons of photos. :( Thus, a very short update~
He knit you together within the womb,
Christmas beers are making their appearance. Too early? Maybe. Too strong? Definitely! Did we miss them? For sure.
Each event has an extended holding period with competition taking place on the biggest and best days of surf at each venue. In honor of former world and Vans Triple Crown champion Andy Irons, there will be no competition on Sunday, November 14, regardless of surf conditions, so that competitors can attend Andy’s memorial service on Kauai that day.
Overall, I'd say this novel was cute. Monsters are a huge trend in YA lit right now so it would make an okay addition to your collection.
What followed over the tannoy was a sound like a low rasping saw being drawn across glass. A loud, long spiky retch. Ben had to try hard not to raise his hands to his ears to block out the terrible noise. It didn't seem to bother the others, so he had to show some nerve and resist. But God what a sound. And where was the train going? That part of the announcement... well, it didn't exist.
Melt butter in a skillet and cook onions until translucent. Set aside. Combine cream of chicken soup and sour cream in large bowl. Mix well. Add onions and cheese until combined. Add defrosted hashbrowns and stir until combined. Salt and pepper to taste. Pour into greased 9x13 casserole dish. Sprinkle cornflake crumbs on top! Bake at 350 for 45 minutes or until bubbly!
Though the A’s failed to make much noise in the playoffs that year (losing a first-round series to the equally small-market Twins, 3-2), the team continued to show that despite a high payroll, it could be successful.
Commenting at the Green Arrow blog on an earlier post of mine which focused on the recent protests against the employment of foreign workers, a very aptly named blogger calling himself “Not my Granddad's Labour party” wrote:
When we were young, and we traversed that tunnel, we were seeing something for the first time, and we were also seeing something that the people who discovered Wilmot Creek never saw, nor the people who built the tunnel, because things have changed and their eyes were likely already clouded by the knowledge of life that impinges on all adults. When someone says something and quotes an old philosopher, one may sit back, finished, and marvel at how true it still is today, but one forgets that today is different, and there is more to say. There is always more to say and there is always more to discover.
I've let life take me for a stroll, just wondering where it would all lead.
And, you know, I’m not a member of Occupy. I’ve never identified myself as a member of Occupy. I’m deeply supportive of the movement. But I think, like any writer or any intellectual, you know, one has to be critical. And I know that this has caused a great deal of dissension, because within the movement there is this noble idea that, you know, we can include everybody, it can be all-inclusive. But, in fact, in order for the movement to survive, it’s going to have to make some tough decisions about agreements, about nonviolence, about transparency, because the way that revolutions work is that you create paralysis within those pillars of authority.
It was going to be a good race until I was pushed off the road, not to mention the handlebar hook which resulted in both me and my pusher to lie in the grass with 1.5 laps to go. He had a lot of skin off and a destroyed helmet. I had nothing ... until I tried to take my glove off and realised how badly my hand was hurting.
This is unacceptable. Yes, Columbus needs a goalie and a defense, but the lack of scoring talent is painful and brutally obvious. To “learn” to win is difficult if you’re learning only from “tough veterans.” The tough veteran approach concerns me because unless they’re of a type like Vinny Prospal, they don’t have much skill to offer. The young guys in the Blue Jackets organization need time to develop properly and adjust to the professional game. Without any top-tier scoring talent outside of Rick Nash (and even he’s not truly elite), nobody else can shoulder the offensive burden and young players are thrust into roles they’re not prepared to take. That only further exposes the shallow and low-end talent in the Blue Jackets prospect pool.
08. Hip To Hoo (Shaken & Stirred 1985 Outtake Robert Plant)
Brown Hamburger and then add all of the canned goods. Add cooked rice 1/2 hour before serving. I've cooked it all day in the Crock Pot or just on the stove top.
Our senses, however, and our natures themselves, have no immediate and single purpose the way a bat's sonar is immediately directed toward prey location. We don't hunt by instinct in the manner of a hawk or dog, but must consider the nature of possible prey and how best to capture it. We must understand the world in order to survive in it. Neither are we born with fur like a bear or build nests by instinct like a bird. We must figure out what will work for clothing and how to get it, and what will work for shelter and how to make it. This is why Aristotle says that the relevant distinction with respect to man is that he is rational, which means more than merely the degenerate "thinker" of modern thought, but an animal whose nature is to understand the world. And since we see that nature doesn't fail in its purposes (the bat's sonar does locate it's prey, the hawks eyes do see the mouse on the ground, etc.), why should we entertain the idea that our nature, uniquely among the creatures, fails to do what it is clearly meant to do - and that is to understand the world as it really is?
We invite you to join us in Sandy, UT. (South Towne Expo Center located at 9575 South State St. -booth number 110) for the 2010 Utah Green Industry Conference and Trade Show, Jan 25 – 27th.
She stared in horror as a crack appeared between her feet, ran across the floor, up the wall and onto the ceiling. There was a splintering whack! like a gunshot, and seconds later the room was split into two. Part of the upper floor collapsed, crushing the dining room table she had cowered under a minute earlier. A huge support beam snapped and dropped from overhead. Natalie dove out of the way, just as it swung like a wrecking ball and smashed the kitchen counter to pieces.
Facebook, Twitter and Google+
This should prove interesting, the boys are playing basically “team BC” and the best team around, so they’re going into it with the , “we’re going to get killed” attitude. Which from past experience tends to work out that way.
Garbarini, Vic. “In the Dar.” Playboy Nov. 1987: 32. Popular Culture Collection. Web. 26 Feb. 2012.
From time to time, the reality of our fast-approaching departure hits, and it leads to marathon cleaning or research sessions, but overall Tara and I have avoided these frantic panicked moments. Hopefully, by setting smart deadlines and sticking to them, we’ll keep it that way.
Hopuka Ceviche with sunchoke leche de tigre, sunflower tuile, pickled fresno and sweet potato, paired with Rising Sun IPA, a spicy, citrus pale ale brewed with Sorachi Ace hops; Peruvian Stew with root vegetables, chorizo, braised beef and rabbit loin, paired with Victoria’s Bitter, a traditional, easy-drinking English pub ale with copper color, noticeable malt flavor and floral, bitter hop finish; Roast Pig with apple-porter glaze, spicy wilted baby black kale and pork-porter humita, paired with Pig Iron Porter, a dark beer with roasted chocolate notes and slight bitterness; and Five-Spice Bread Pudding with ginger-pecan ice cream and malted chocolate sauce, paired with Weizenbock, a full-bodied ale with a bready malt character and banana and clove notes.
Family Traditions: A Glimpse into Christmas Future
The way of love is to see
And, on balance, I'm glad I did.
He lay there and tried to purr.
The change comes as the Office of Fair Trading is considering legal action against travel firms that refuse to scrap debit-card charges. After a “super-complaint” by Which? about surcharges, the OFT said it might take traders to court: “If individual traders do not make changes we consider sufficient in a timely manner, we will consider enforcement action to ensure compliance”.
VRYHEID: School’s rugby player stabbed with knife by black youngster before game.
R stands for how recently it (the purchase) happened. F is how frequently they come around to do it (the purchase) again. And M is for how much money they spend. Would you date a person with a low RFM score? He don’t call. He don’t write. He don’t pay. She only texts at 2 a.m. on some Saturdays. A keeper? Not so much, this one.
Preheat your oven to 170C.
“One who sees inaction in action, and action in inaction, is intelligent among men, and he is in the transcendental position, although engaged in all sorts of activities.” (Bg. 4.18)
Two and a half years ago I went on and on about this layering idea. I still think the first layer isn't something we want to skimp on. For the look we want, it's still really important. The part that hasn't really worked out so much, though, is the plan to complete the first layer everywhere before moving on to the second and third. Shoot - we're three years into this as of this weekend and I haven't posted a single thing about the second layer.
my dollar store makeover... you'll be surprised at
Yeah, it's that kind of movie.
If not for the efforts of the first-in engine, this would have turned into a big deal. It;s good they picked it up.
One other note: the author is a TV executive. Suddenly it makes sense to me why nearly everything on TV sucks. Sure, there’s Breaking Bad, Sons of Anarchy, Mad Men, Game of Thrones, Community, etc. But for every good show there are like ten reality shows, and I would rather watch a video of myself getting shot in the leg than a reality show.
(Unfortunately, the subtitles stop once the actual song starts, but if you actually go to YouTube to watch the clip, the lyrics are all written out below the video, so if you really want to sing along, you can.) Enjoy!
www.smarthomebusiness.net
I met with a friend this evening that has been doing a covenant for the past two weeks. She is going no-sugar and no-flour. Another friend of mine is doing no-sugar, refined foods, bread, or red meat. Another is doing no sugar, meat, or bread. Another, no shopping. And there are several more variations.
‘Just a quick MOT, Margaret and then we’ll think about what to do.’
A friend of mine recently went through a bad break-up. As is often the case with friends and lovers, friends’ lovers become your friends too. And unfortunately, if and when the lovin’ goes sour, friends get caught in the middle and are left to choose sides.
It is a sad twist of fate that West Bengal, the land Tagore so loved, has had to suffer under the yoke of two different dictators over the last four years. I say two dictators because after all communism is nothing but a thinly veiled dictatorship of the masses while the rule of Ms. Banerjee’s government is turning out to be a more honest and Mussolini-esque dictatorship. Whatever defenders of the Trinamool Congress and The Left have to say, it is the unfortunate truth that Tagore’s prayer remains unanswered to this date.
[insert your blog's name] has been added to The Atheist Blogroll. You can see the Atheist Blogroll badge in my sidebar. The Atheist blogroll is a community building service provided free of charge to Atheist bloggers from around the world. If you would like to join, visit Mojoey at Deep Thoughts for more information.Your blog can contain nudity, but I draw the line at pornography. Blogs that portray pornography will be dropped. I am the sole judge when it comes to determining what is porn, although I do listen to the voice of the community. To Join:
Low ratings? Well considering the show has been going on since 2003 for a whopping 18 cycles it’s probably due to a bad case of ANTM fatigue. No really. Who can even keep track of these “cycles” anymore? And more importantly, where are these “top models”? Not at New York Fashion Week that’s for sure.
- it is ok to touch a person struck by lightning, there is no electrical charge left
When the funds are low and the debts are high
Article 5 An agriculture administrative department of the people’s government at the province level or above shall set up state-level and province-level monitoring points in the following areas so as to monitor the dynamic changes of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products and direct the administration and production of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products.
good, but that alone isn’t enough to get you through life victoriously. The
12 Visit Me
Andrew: At this stage, it’s quite permanent. I wanted to work with a drummer and I guess it was never going to be a straight up rock drummer. A mutual friend suggested that we play together and I guess we hit it off immediately.
1/4 - 1/3 cup raisins (I got seedless Flame raisins from bulk section at WF)
And my weighing lady gave my leek a necklace! Look at that cute sticker. So I pointed at the leek and said, "Bijoux." Hah. And she laughed! Can you believe it? She laughed!!! I felt SO proud because I pointed and said "jewelry." And I promise you she was not laughing at me. But at my joke.
ones, with guests drawn from academia, the entertainment community, and the
I am not a hero or Superman, only very lucky. After landing on my feet, I just knew instinctively that I was not injured, so why not enjoy a bit of self righteous arrogant indignation with the world and perpetrator all on my side? How often does an opportunity like this present itself to look like a victim and hero at the same time?
Anyways, enough with the blah blah, how about some pictures of the new playroom?! Aaryan absolutely loves playing in it----he will all 'adult-like' come and tell me he is going to go play in his "animal room" before proceeding up the stairs. I think he calls it his "animal room" because of the bucket of stuffed animals in there... ;-)
2 1/2 tsp. sea salt
We should be good empiricists and be open to the possibility that what we think of as the universe really does exist within some larger context. But then we could presumably re-define that as the universe, and be stuck with the same questions. As long as you admit that there is more than one conceivable way for the universe to be (and I don’t see how one could not), there will always be some end of the line for explanations. I could be wrong about that, but an insistence that “the universe must explain itself” or some such thing seems like a completely unsupportable a priori assumption. (Not that anyone in this particular brouhaha seems to be taking such a stance.)
GAIL'S DAILY DOSE
Second, it is quite easy to definitively show that this whole Power Balance scheme is just a big, fat scam. Just take a look at how skeptic Richard Saunders and his crew at the SkepticZone demonstrate how the scam works…
1. Hallelujah (Hebrew)
Me: Now that is a cool way to come up with an idea for a story!
Wiseguys are also good customers — though they prefer the duo’s more opulent Del Posto on Tenth Avenue. They’re interested in the food. And they make friends with the staff: “There’s one group that’ll come in with the roll of hundies — a hundred to the coat-check girl, a hundred to every hostess, a hundred for the maitre d’, a hundred to the bartender, a hundred to the barback, a hundred to the piano player, and suddenly our piano player, Fat Tony Monte, turns on a dime and puts the brakes on the Sondheim mid-f--king measure and starts twirling tarantellas like he was working Don Corleone’s wedding reception.”
Eryn might be the single witness, if only she'd wake up! I clamped my lips together and threw my voice, "Eehhnnnn!"
If you're not in a good position to make a donation would you consider doing a fundraiser for us? Perhaps you could put together a yard sale with some friends or at your church or set up a bake sale at a yard sale you're already having. Maybe you have other ideas that are more suited to your talents. We appreciate anything you can do to help us with this extra expense.
*Brewshed, Bury St Edmunds (2011)
God prepared the good works which we were to do before we even took a breath. That verse became so comforting to me when I realised that the things that had happened around me were not from pure misfortune. God places us where he wants us because he HAS PREPARED what we are to do for his glory. There is no need to fear for the future or to doubt your circumstances as God has built his will up around you.
My newfound propensity for listening to the radio whenever and wherever possible was not without its drawbacks, however. In particular, my parents complained that listening to the radio while doing my homework distracted me, causing me to make mistakes. Naturally, I insisted that it was not distracting, that I could do my homework just fine.
Paid out of secret fund
Hyphenation support
The stiff Heart questions–was it He that bore?
My feelings: it's fine. I've been using it since December, and I like it better. It's not pretty, but what is online anymore? I've been reading a lot of posts today about how ugly it is and how everyone is incensed that Google would change it and how no one will use it anymore because it's different now and all of the same shit everyone said the last time the Blogger interface changed. Remember how much everyone hated that and how angry everyone was? And now they're all wistful because Google took that thing they hated away and replaced it with something different, and everyone just keeps using Blogger anyway because, seriously, this is not the kind of thing that people stop using a free service over.
Real Ale Han's Pils
This year, for the first time ever, I attended my employer’s Christmas party. And my sister Carly agreed to be my date. Despite much wining and dining, however, she still never called me back. I guess my hands were a little too frisky for her liking. What can I say? Only got one thing on the mind, nympho that I am. Nonetheless, I was the lucky winner of a one-hour iridology appointment valued at over $100. Naturally, after googling what that was, I panicked. Besides the usual, “Ah! I’ll have to make small talk!” and “She’ll be really close to my face. What if she notices upper lip hair or, even worse, bad breath?” I also worried about the state of my health. Maybe the iridologist would find signs of heart disease, cancer, stroke. Maybe she’d foresee the sprouting of back hair or the infiltration of nose warts. Maybe she’d just turn to me and say, “Listen, you obviously know you’ve gotta lose some weight. Do it, okay? Then we’ll talk.” If eyes are windows to the soul, then irises are gateways to hell. Or so I thought at first.
I was clearly not looking too bright because she pressed a cool palm against my forehead and frowned.
I have always wanted to try my hand at decorating a cake with fondant. In fact, a few years ago, I bought some ready-made from the cake decorating isle and planned to use it for my daughter's birthday cake. I went online for some ideas and tips, then I started reading about the taste of this store-bought fondant. That worried me. I went to the kitchen, tore open the package, and pinched off a bit and tasted it. YUCK! It had a fake chemical taste to it. I was NOT going to use that on my daughter's cake. I threw it in the garbage and made a traditional butter cream frosting instead. I put my fondant aspirations on hold.
Favorite music?
Once you've got your sheets ready, adhere them to the tile with Mod Podge and continue coating until you've got them sealed to your liking.
“Smelling this fudge!” Isn’t it obvious, Spencer?
“Chocolate Mama” is about a woman whom held a dark secret from her past that could destroy her family as a whole, or her soul. Her boyfriend, who later becomes her husband, held a darker secret that would rip his family and the entire world apart.
Before I get lost in embarrassingly worshipful paeans about the pieces on Axl Rose (“with the wasp-man sunglasses and the braids and the goatee, he reminds one of the monster in Predator, or of that monster’s wife on its home planet”) and Michael Jackson (“a god moves through him; the god enters, the god leaves”) and the rest, let me stop and explain.
He suggests the reason may be a combination of several factors based on the erosion in social and civic engagement — coupled with economic insecurity.
So, I am amusing myself with Twitter and listening to Howie Carr when I get a tweet from a pro-Elizabeth Warren (Democratic candidate for Massachusetts US Senator). In responding, I find to my delight that @ElizabethNewsRTs is a bot that simply favorites anything someone writes about Elizabeth Warren.
Fit for a King of dancing, upright in doorways eating jam.
Thanks everyone and I hope to see you soon over at
And then you will see my face on the 7 o’clock news.
Vale’s iron ore carriers – which have been dubbed “Valemaxes” and have decks the size of three football fields – have become a concern for the Brazilian miner because they have not received the necessary permits to dock at ports in China, the world’s largest consumer of iron ore.
Running is hard, even though all I am doing now is short shuttle runs. I get out of breathe very fast. At PT this week we did boxing which suits me perfectly right now. Friday's bootcamp was a struggle. I found it much harder and am starting to speak out and say that I'm just doing things differently. And I'm ok with that. The social aspect of bootcamp is good for me. It keeps me focussed on my long term goals. And it makes me happy. I am just going to have to jog when they run, walk when I tire, and go low impact all the way!
Great deal uh? You pay 5 dollars and get back $20 so you made $15 profit. The affiliate that referred you also makes a pleasant little check as the acne cure company paid them a good commission to obtain a new sale. Seems like a great situation. Or are you scratching your head?
05. Little Meeky & Daddy Meeky - Engagement
Future students of American history will be scratching their heads about this case for decades to come. Our embargo and refusal to normalize diplomatic relations has nothing to do with communism. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have had diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union throughout the Cold War, with China since Nixon, and with Vietnam despite our bitter war there. No, Cuba was pure politics. Though it started out to be a measure of an administration’s resistance to Castro’s politics, it very soon became a straight-jacket whereby first-generation Cuban-Americans wielded inordinate political power over both parties and constructed a veto over rational, mature diplomacy. (Gary Hart, former U.S. Senator, March 2011)
SATURDAY MORNING OATMEAL (serves 2 hungry people)
Before going back home we go to the supermarket. We imagined all the food would already be gone, that people would start hoarding it, but the aisles are full, overflowing in fact. We pile up our wagon. Our daughter wants to hold the corn, the stalks of corn in her lap.
My birthday is March 21st - the day before the Hunger Games movie opening!
Which brings me onto the next topic: Look how you feel. I’m completely guilty of trudging into school in sweatpants and a baseball cap. Which is why I am super excited to announce that I have enlisted the help of fellow blogger Wear Fierce Paint to help me out in the beauty department. (Yes, I do secretly watch Joan Rivers’ Fashion Police but don’t tell anyone. I have a reputation to uphold here!) We all deserve to look as beautiful on the outside as we feel on the inside. In my next post I plan to have the lovely Jess give me a bit of a makeover. I’ll put up a before and after picture.
Based on the announcement and reference to Jones beach and being too cold as well as the couple of guitar tunings during the announcements this appears to be the 26th.
17) Clinique
Kristen's teacher had no idea how it happened. She just sent Kristen immediately down to the director's office. The mom said that her daughter and Kristen had finished their cutting project at the table. Kristen than turned to her daughter and said "do you want to play beauty shop?" At that moment, I think Kristen just then proceeded to "play beauty shop" and cut her hair. Her daughter was not upset at all, but I bet more shocked that Kristen just had cut her hair. Not that this makes cutting anyone's hair right, but the intent and learning how it happened made me feel better. We just need to teach Kristen that beauty shop with real scissors is a bad idea. Once again, that filter she has and needs help with. She did not mean to do anything bad and did not even do it just because. She thought it was okay. What a blessing that this mom helped us figure this out...
“What more can I say? You’ll love D-2. I promise!”
"We've got a new CEO and he wanted them changed"
“Well”, shrugged the salesman, “I use a microwave oven every day, but I don’t know how that works”.
You can treat all students exactly the same or you can treat students in a manner that is appropriate for their situation. That is treating them equitably, not equally.
According to Michael Hartnett, chief global equity strategist at Merrill Lynch Global Research, “Investor capitulation from risk assets is not yet visible despite higher cash levels and defensive rotation. Fears on global growth will need to rise further before hopes for QE3 can begin to be priced in.”
I believe it takes a certain kind of person with a certain kind of passion to be an archaeologist. Just the sheer amount of red tape one must cut through to be able to wield a mere shovel anywhere there’s a government is enough to make most people say “Forget this. I’ll just sate my appetite for archaeology and adventure by watching Indiana Jones movies in my cubicle. (I’ll definitely skip that last one, though.)”
This particular programme had a strong impact on me, as I had been enthralled waiting to discover what the mystery beast in it was, and I can remember watching it avidly a second time a couple of years or so later when the series in which it appeared was repeated on television (even though I now knew the creature's identity beforehand), but after that, nothing. As far as I am aware, neither the entire series nor this particular episode from it was ever broadcast on British television again. But what was the series?
We are all prisoners to some degree of the mindsets we develop in our early adulthood and professional training. Some medical historians consider that, until antibiotics came along, medical interventions were likely to do as much harm as good to the patient. In the 1930s a belief in homeopathy, which, when all its bogus scientific claims are stripped away, is simply the administration of a placebo, was as good a faith as any for my mother to adopt. There is nothing wrong with placebos, especially when the placebo effect flows from the care and attention of a sympathetic homeopathic practitioner as well as from a credulous patient hungry for a remedy to their illness. So we shouldn't pass too harsh a judgment on past medical practices seen through the lens of today. No doubt, in fifty years time, the currently mainstream treatment I have received for my bronchiectasis will appear hopelessly outdated and misguided.
Currently Twitter does not have a system for identifcation authentication.
Depending on where and when you are from, deer can mean venison, sports, roadkill, tick bags or pests.
A toast, “To Mayor Kardashian, may the stress of politics not make her want to pull her own extensions out.”
In the Philippines it’s about being part of a group, all for one and one for all. Maybe that’s why I try to turn everyone I like into extended family. It’s because I miss my herd.
-mix 1 teaspoon of cornflour in one cup of water
I often derided the east coast’s “mountains” and hardwood forests. The mountains are mere hills compared to the west’s skyscraping escarpments and any forest that is completely naked in the winter must be inferior to evergreen cover. I still hesitate to call the local mountains as such, but I’ve gained an appreciation for the hardwood forest in the autumn. The colors were absolutely amazing. I couldn’t stop taking photos of the firey hillsides. Again and again, I was stopped short by the deep crimson, bright orange, and brilliant yellow leaves set against an azure sky.
It's all about, it's all about the climb
The Winslow Sprint is a fundraiser that will support the ongoing efforts of preservation and operations for the Issac Winslow House of Marshfield.
Southern California does not only boast world-class beer bars, but also some of the best beer shops around.
FRUITION HIS WORD!
Elvis Beer!!! Could anyone have imagined? I think my Mom and half a zillion people over the age 60 would buy a bottle of this just because it has Elvis on the label! Marketing genius? Well... Lisa Marie's lawyers will be all over this if hits the shelves. They're want their profit cut! Worse than that.... It's ESB! Maybe put a photo of the later Elvis, all fat and bloated, call it Elvis Sloppy Bastard. Maybe they should hook up with Samurai Artist and do a Peanut Butter and Banana Beer to commemorate Elvis....or just fill it with Amphetamines! Damn.... the man was a train wreck!
I confess that I and my cinema-going chum were firmly in the minority when it came to laughing out loud on many occasions, but because of this unintentional hilarity I feel a ** rating is deserved. I look forward to more guffaws when other Hasbro games are inevitably optioned as blockbusters. Maybe a remake of 80’s crap The Stuff – in which pots of suspicious, well, stuff, zombify unsuspecting consumers – could be reworked as Play-Doh: The Movie. Whoa, that actually sounds feasible…
Consider this: you propose a girl and she refuses. Of course, you are sad. But then think about an alternate reality. Had she not been brutally honest about her rejection of you, you’d be with someone who didn’t want you in the first place.
1 injustice
My current obsession is my collection of personal journal/sketchbooks which I always alter...along with visual art, I love the written word - the books are 5"x8" so they travel with me whenever I go, I even broke down and purchased a purse which will accommodate the size in order to carry one with me at all times to pass the time waiting anywhere so that waiting is no longer a chore but rather a pleasure.
It is the oldest hotel in Australia with the original floor plan. It is like stepping back into the mid 19th century when you enter this building. Unfortunately, Val is not well enough to continue refurbishments.
1. I bought the wool off eBay because I thought it was a bargain.
Then, this morning...
Fresh thyme- 1/2 tsp (chopped) (dried is fine as well)
Me: A: “You keep using his words to make your point instead of using your own to make something from your own perspective.” I have my perspectives, hence why I am arguing. I am simply responding to what he is saying. As for the Song of Solomon, yes, maybe God is not sexually repressed, but he is very fond of sibling incest in that song (even though God didn’t write that).
I also made a card using one of the tags..
A truck going north or a cab to the Festival Hall
It is proper for the grant to set forth exactly what a licensee is free to do under the patent rights. Depending on the claims in the patents, the licensee can be given the right to manufacture, have manufactured, use and/or sell the subject matter of the licence.
The Paris Carnival
Facing the prospect of Championship football the American international will look to engineer a move back to his homeland. Injuries have blighted Holden’s career to date but the midfielder will arguably think himself too good for the Championship.
Make sure your surgeon specializes in FFS surgery
We cannot go through all of the changes here, but have tried to remind you of the basics of French taxation, as they stand at the moment.
And don’t worry, because “the vicar won’t be home for hours”.
I say the song went this way: O prolong
lonely
Market Research Reports Distributor – Aarkstore.com have vast database on market research reports, company financials, company profiles, SWOT analysis, company report, company statistics, strategy review, industry report, industry research to provide excellent and innovative service to our report buyers.
GLENN CLOSE/JOHN MALKOVICH (Dangerous Liaisons)
Here's my version, of the card.
Each maiden is new, but has much to say.
EMMA is graduating from UND with her Masters on May 14th! She has had a very busy year of research, writing, teaching at UND, working at Starbucks and teaching tennis. We are planning to drive up to Grand Forks for the celebration on Sunday, May 15th. David and Emma will celebrate 3 years of marriage in July!
FOR THE GLAZE
The "Japan vs China" game was set for Wednesday night, September 28th. The publicity spread in the days leading up to the game brought in just the Chinese fan support Vic DeVincenzi had hoped for. The Wa Sung Athletic Club alone bought 100 tickets and Oakland's Chinatown where Lee lived flocked to the ballpark in droves. All told more than 3,000 enthusiastic fans filled Oaks Park, a darn good turnout for a late season game between two lousy teams going nowhere.
Despite the ending it’s worth grabbing if your local used book store has it. It was made into a movie starring Doris Day, Louis Jordan and Barry Sullivan.
I visited an awesome blog/paper artist during National Scrapbook Day The Scrap Kitchen blog hop that I could not help but fall in love with her creative work. Iris Babao Uy is an inspired scrapbooker. I would highly recommend checking out her blog My White Space. Her work is incredible.
Block had been putting gas into a stolen car when an employee at the gas station called police. Fanchalsky says officers tried to take him into custody but he escaped and ran into the office building, prompting a lockdown.
“Girl, what you doing half yo’ life?”
I haven’t accounted for oldest son Leonard yet (he would have been about 28), but daughter Nellie (23) had married DeLoyce Fitzgerald the previous summer.
I am so excited to have my first Uni-free weekend in such a long time...so have lots of plans for sewing and finishing off the final touches on Bella's room :) What plans do you have for this weekend?
Many thanks to Justin Meyer for the generous donation of his gently-used old gear, which will now be put to use bringing you people to the slopes of Winter Park on the Trestle Bike Park downhill trails. Just because I'm making it look easy doesn't mean it is...
I've packaged and repackaged a hundred times but I'm happy with the final presentation. These will be available in the store (http://www.alifedeliberate.etsy.com/) for $14.00 which is actually a deal because normally three soaps are $15, AND you receive it gift wrapped and ready to give to someone, or just give a little treat to yourself. I've worked really hard on them and I hope everyone likes them. The inside flap has a little graphic and quote because I'm a card-carrying word nerd. :P I'd love to hear your feedback.
My life at the moment is, putting it gently, about as much fun as being gang-fisted by an army of massive-handed psychotic sex criminals with deep-seated anger issues.
Of course, we took our snorkel gear and went snorkeling. Best part of the trip for me is being in the ocean and seeing all the beautiful fish. And, we did get to see one tiny turtle this time. I actually got photos of it--we rented an underwater camera and I took a couple hundred photos during the week that we had it. Some even turned out! Taking underwater photos is a challenge, when the ocean is moving you and the fish, usually in different directions! But it certainly is fun trying!
Nothing could be more right.
We left to have some lunch and walked around the block several times before deciding on a restaurant. We noticed that several shops had generators outside their doors, and while we were having lunch, we found out why—the power went out. It took just 15 minutes before the restaurant was stuffy and hot.
You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC93. As always you are welcome and encouraged to upload your project to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery!
3 Thee are held at the National Archive. CC100(52)8(cabinet Conclusions on 25/11/1952, CAB 128/25; The Post Master General’s report and the Chancellor being asked to restrict entry to the Civil Service is in CC106(52), 8/12/1952, CAB 128
8. Nikki Bella v. surprise opponent for the Diva Title
Research has indicated that vitamin B12 deficiency is a risk for vegetarians, especially vegans. Those choosing a vegetarian diet should watch carefully to ensure they get enough active vitamin B12 from diet and supplements. Deficiency of this vitamin poses particular risk to pregnant women and nursing mothers.
“It will be a very big deal for Fox. It catapults them to the big league. It can’t get bigger than KJo, SRK in Bollywood,” said Komal Nahata, Film Trade Analyst.
Not exactly my idea of scary family entertainment. I’m not even sure if there should be such a thing as scary family entertainment, although I’m pretty sure this christmas card photo sums up the phrase, and it also ties in my last blog post to this one quite succinctly.
We are off to our next stop. Where? You’ll see. You just have to wait and come back here to see where we are next!!
So I thought I’d go ahead and move on to the next type of recipe – the baked version. I took the cookie sheet with the pecans and put it into a 350 oven for about 12 minutes. Then I cooled the pecans again. This time the honey was more of a brittle texture, but the pecans were a bit overdone. Closer… but not quite perfect. I’ll have to continue to noodle on this one – any comments are welcome!
Oatmeal Chocolate Caramel Bars
Ugh, y’all. I think I may be the worst person ever at keeping up a blog. And that’s not internet hyperbole “ever,” that’s really “ever.” Well, you know, maybe not, because I’m here writing now. (From my phone, no less! We live in the future, y’all!)
- Greg Leisz: pedal steel guitare
How to be normal
In every cupboard and draw.
Yes, actually. However, I've also been told I sound like...
3.Brush the fish with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill over moderately high heat until lightly charred and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer the fish to a platter and pull off the skin.
the Mehrangarh Fort
This is a clever piece of propaganda. You know, those traps also kill our family pets. It probably wouldn’t be so “fashionable”, though, to acknowledge that. Truly, in trapping, “death is everywhere.”
Capt. Lawrence Daniel Getzfred, 57, Elgin, Neb.
The Gradient Problem: Should we grade attempts in terms of their seriousness, and punish them in accordance with their location on the gradient?
John Miller was an English printer who immigrated to South Carolina in 1783. Prior to arriving in the colonies John Miller had created quite a reputation London as being a bit outspoken regarding many topics including the government, and of course, he supported a free press. He was brought to trial several times regarding items
The Emily is a 2” grosgrain baby bow with tails on a pinch clip. This versatile bow goes with any outfit – it will complement everything from printed onesies to formal velvet dresses to playtime overalls! Fittingly, it is available in a multitude of colors: black, bubblegum, citron, cream, dark brown, lavender, light blue, pink, pink pearl, red, shocking pink and white.
There are a couple of stories that go with this recipe, not to mention the fact that it is one of my family's faves and one of my brothers fall down on the floor and moan if you put peanut butter and honey on a warm slice (honey first folks) let it soak into that warm bread and then the JIF peanut butter. JIF is truly the best. I should mention here, day old banana bread out of the fridge toasts brilliantly! I just like butter on mine. Everyone else uses honey and peanut butter.
Score: 1 / 5
Happy Friday! :)
I am proud to say Lavender tea is my favorite drink.
We ask that you have 3 images you are ready to apply with. Each must be no wider than 1000 pixels or no more than 700 pixels in height. Resolution must be 72 dpi. Our only suggestion is to choose three images that show some consistency while staying true to the type of work you are most interested in. At this point, the work will not be chosen based on theme or style. Whether you consider yourself a journalist, a collage artist or whatever, it just doesn’t matter.
This includes both young and Hispanic voters, Nelsen said, noting that Obama retains a big advantage among youths, though the Republican Party has recovered some of them since 2008.
Matt’s half smile returned, he pulled her close and lifted her chin. “Hey, babe don’t be scared. It’s so awesome to feel the wind blow through your hair and be part of the road. I want to share that with you Ri. No one else, just you.”
Shihoco.
the witch's cards
Fill liners 2/3 full and bake for 20-22 minutes.
Losers.)
I am finding more organizations who are promoting women in politics. It should be imperative for women of all ages, colors and classes to increase the awareness of women in the political process and support women for election to public office. Political Party Affiliation does not matter as well…. Regardless of party affiliation, congressional women deliver more federal projects to their home districts and sponsor and co-sponsor more legislation than their male colleagues. In a study that was recently published in The American Journal of Political Science, researchers from Stanford University and the University of Chicago attributed women’s political success not to some innate political instinct but to the fact that it’s really hard for us to get elected (there are currently 360 men and 75 women in the House; 83 men and 17 women in the Senate). They theorize that women feel immense pressure to measure up, so instead of meeting expectations, we surpass them.
- Do we really need this?
"Following documented discussions and appropriate consultation and referral as may be indicated, a midwife has the right to decline to continue to provide, or to accept, midwifery care if it is felt that this would require the midwife to practise outside of the midwife’s scope, skills and competencies."
I'll be doing alot of snuggling with the pup for the next few days. A storm is blowing in that is supposed to bring days of rain. I am also supposed to be resting my shoulder that has been causing me pain for the past four months. I went to the Doc this morning and am now on a high dose of ibuprofen for the inflamation. Then I will go to physical therapy. I can't remember where I found this photo so if it is yours please email me so I can give you credit. Have a beautiful week.
Break the mask that hides my face,
A book is only as interesting as its bad guy. After all, how else can the hero be measured? There’re just so many cats Superman can save out of a tree before we need Lex Luthor ready to nuke the West Coast.
So. Michael Evans!
The Bible is for the world but how many understand it? Only the initiated can understand it. In 1 Corinthians 2:14 we read,
My contract says I get 8.5 hours a day 5 days a week and I can give them 2 weeks notice for my vacation time. It does not mention unpaid leave. Am I being taken advantage of? I'm telling you this family has a ton of money. That isn't there problem, it's more the fact that they feel as though they owe me nothing. I still have to pay bills and I work another job part time. So I do not have time to make up overtime hours for them. They hired me, they should pay me. Right?
You might also find that you will feel less pressure on making the wrong person fit the model and essentially you’ll stop dating assholes.
there is the delicious pleasure of choosing the yarn and pattern,
We look forward to hearing from you!! The deadline for the call is Sunday, May 20th.
Théodore Ballu was an architect and planner whose most famous constructions are the rebuilt Hotel de Ville and the Trinité church. Both buildings were constructed whilst he was the Head of Public Works for the city of Paris in charge of buildings related to culture and religion. He was also involved in the construction of Saint Ambroise and St Joseph, the belfry of Saint-Germain l’Auxerrois, and was largely responsible for the typical classical style of many of the churches in Paris.
The: leaders of the vaShawasha who killed the Europeans were caught and judged by the High Court. They were found guilty and were sentenced to death. The names of
And now we wait. It's been a day now and we've got nought but originals.
Kimmie. I am entering it into the:
Sometime in June: everything is renovated, unpacked, partially decorated, and awesome. Until then, it's going to be one heck of a Spring Break.
adopted by the state of Arizona. Immigration policies definitely need
School is out today in observance of MLK Jr.'s birthday. I have 3 extra kids here today. Why are they here?
Conservative economic thinking was also behind the decision made to freeze the national minimum wage for under 21s as of October. The last thing the government wants to do is to impede job creation by making employers pay too much for their young labour. Interestingly, this decision was announced by Liberal Democrat Vince Cable, proving that, even as a Coalition, the Government is not afraid to lean to the economic right.
Tickets to the luncheon are $10 per person, and available at the CVB Office at 707 Second Street. The CVB is taking R.S.V.P.s by phone at (318) 442-9546. Seating is limited.
Here is another page I did for that recent (sort of.. time got away from me) commissioned set of pages! I don't have any clue why I'm not showing them in order, lol.
MJ: You have a fully active and popular SoundCloud profile, do you think social media is key for people like yourselves to get your name out there?
If you have any stuff (relics or autos) and you want to sell, then i'll also strongly consider, but I'd like to accomplish as much by trade as possible. Just buying the complete set seems like a cheap way to do it after all. Let me know!
At the core of the operation is Collective Intelligence, a proprietary system that provides real-time protection by harnessing Panda’s community of users to automatically detect, analyze, classify and disinfect more than 63,000 new malware samples daily.
We can only pray that letting him loose is not a gamble with someone else's life.And the Sun, as the Home Office set out, is doing its part perfectly.
I would like to share some of my tips for having a successful Thanksgiving dinner. It is quite a job being the host but there are ways to make it a little easier. Yes, this includes everyone having a good time including the cook.
I would add: 6) This freedom of planting will cut down on the cost of transportation and food distribution, this will save fuel and energy for other things and will begin to reverse environmental damage.
Katie grabbed his hand and pulled him back down as he started to stand up. “Maybe it is Cal’s business—and mine. I don’t know why you hate Mr. Sanders, but most of us like our tutors and if they’re in danger of having something like that happen to them, we want to know about it.”
But scientists claim that the wiring would need vast amounts of extra energy to become more efficient. As before, they say it is impossible for humans to provide this, therefore we cannot get cleverer.
But the collaborative victory of the early part of the chapter is quickly forgotten; by chapter’s end, Paul and Barnabas have separated. The cause of this rupture? John Mark. On their first missionary journey, John Mark returned home halfway through (Acts 13.13). Paul seemingly loses confidence in the young man, but Barnabas remains an encourager to the end. He refuses to give up on John Mark, much as he refused to give up on Saul years earlier.
So tonight I was happy I was going to see you. I carried that clear through until we sat down, and then I started to get angry and sad again.
Maintain a balance diet.
More a morning person, not at all night owl (as in past 11pm I'm no longer functional, no matter the circumstances), but it's still not super early morning. I suppose I am most of the time the first one in the lab in the morning... And it's always when I feel the most productive.
During my shower, she got into my alphabet beads and dumped them all over the couch, except for the ones that she put in her mouth. Also, she stole a chocolate from Nik, and apparently used it for a full body skin treatment, so I gave her a bath. She pooped in it.
This justification was never particularly convincing. Rule 124 (and its predecessor, Rule 76) never gave any indication that relevant statements need not be noted down as extensively in one set of minutes compared to another, or that the character of the minutes was different depending on whether or not an appeal was available against the associated decision. Most of all, nothing in the Rule suggested that the nature of a “relevant statement” depended on whom it was uttered in front of.
I know that traffic is a mess, but anyone who is able to join is welcome. Leave a comment or shoot me an email - we should be somewhat flexible in location.
~Logan
8.) The Total Frat Move (TFM) Guy - Another lock, you can find this guy by his visor, pastel shorts, and croakies (at midnight). He also tends to judge every action that you do by whether it’s frat, or a total GDI move. He has never even gone hunting in his life and grew up in a rich urban suburbia, but you won’t be able to tell by his camo hat and fishing shirt.
"Daughter, Daughter, bring me my purse!"
A couple of days ago our Danish reader, commenter, and translator Kepiblanc sent me this note:
29.) Mickey Lolich, Pitcher (1976)
Closing date for entries will be 2nd August. Good Luck x
This process is brutal. But, I just have to remember that it's not my plan, not my process, and not my timetable. I'm a participant in something that is going to be amazing. I just need to hang in there.
The term ‘self-protected entity’ means an entity, other than an individual, that provides goods or services for cybersecurity purposes to itself.”
Here's what Priest had to say of the six nominees:
As I have mentioned previously, I don’t really think they can do this because if I’m not mistaken, members of the Kedah assembly are ordinary people and not God.
Leave the cucumber to drain for about 30 minutes then rinse it with cold water and dry it well with paper towels or with a tea towel.
Jeremy has a challenge for someone who isn’t a wrestler, but has been the biggest prick in 3 years. Borash has seniority over every single employee in TNA, yet he is being disrespected by Bischoff for so long. Bischoff had a bit of a Twitter war with him awhile back, and JB has finally had enough. So here comes Bischoff, and he wants a match.
After I was done taking pictures of the dish, I noticed the sun setting. I get to enjoy sunset every evening. It is impossible for me to miss it since I am someone who likes to pause every now and then to enjoy the beautiful nature, be it the sun, moon or tiny flowers on the road side. I have so many times stood at the window to watch the golden yolk disappear into the horizon. Do you know? It doesn't take too long for the sun to set, it is gone within a few minutes. I was not even fast enough to get decent shots, and this is the best my very old point-and-shoot camera could produce.
Adam got up with the kids about 8 and I went back to sleep. I just wasn't ready to face the world. We had to be out for lunch at 1pm so could afford a slow start to the day. I suggested that seeing as the kids would be dressed nicely for lunch that perhaps we could swing past Santa and see if we could convince the kids to get a pic with the big man.
and use my dreams as inspiration for every day life.
house to pay his traveler’s tax will go even more
As she always did, Liesl closed her eyes to summon the music, to place herself in the hands of the composer. Sometimes she would hope for the faintest breath of God. This was one of those times.
The following list is by no means complete, but it does let collectors know which redemption cards from which products are being processed this week. We’ll update this list as frequently as possible as new redemptions are added.
Bloody Sunday: A British soldier drags a Catholic protester on January 30, 1972. Paratroopers shot dead 14 civil rights marchers in Londonderry
I actually escaped to my new craft room this weekend and had a little play with some of the new products - Tim's new paper stacks are amazing - you know what I mean, far too nice to cut into to, but I forced myself - it's just a bit of paper right ? I love the rabbit from Tim's Spring Sprung set and added some of the papers from the Vintage Shabby stack and of course some Ideo-ology metal bits.............the clock was cut from the Lost & Found stack and rock candied !
In this tiny kitchen, storage for pots and pans is at a premium, with long handles and lids presenting the biggest challenge. So after thinking it through, I decided to swap out several pieces of cookware for one. Out went two skillets, a large sauce pan, a paella pan, and a dutch oven, and in came a 4-quart Staub brasier. Now, one piece of cookware does the job of five.
is working with Pitney Bowes, a mail stream technology company, to collect and distribute holiday cards to American service members, veterans and their families in the United States and around the world.
Well never mind, we all are that
In the 1900's fashion had a growth spurt. Some of the major fashion designers up until the 1940's were Paul Poiret, Coco Chanel, Mainbocher, and Christian Dior. The styles went from an athletic boyish appeal to more of a statuesque. Short hairs, corsets, hobble skirts, feathered hats were in around 1910 and eveningwear as well as biased-cut dresses weren’t introduced until the 1920-1930's. Clara Bow, Josephine Baker, and Greta Garbo were some of the women who were known in these times for their originality with these trends. In the 1940's suits, trousers, and more structured like clothing were introduced. The movie Cover Girls, hit the scene giving fashion an even more unique personality, hence the platform shoe.
Do the comfort we can enjoy everyday made us forget to cherish the things we are fortunate enough to have? While we’re enjoying our lives, countless people out there are working their asses everyday to get nothing but enough food just to keep them alive.
2 teaspoons lemon zest
So now the pantry shelves are groaning under all that weight. And the family is getting a little tired of pots constantly bubbling on the stove. Or of hearing me say "Wait a minute..I'm just filling up another bottle". So for now, I'm hanging up those apron strings and having a little break. Just as soon as I finish that batch of quince paste bubbling on the stove, that is.
Simply excellent wave here...freshly ripped at 320kbps.
Somebody told me I don’t always have to be right
$55 per person
Tests- 61, Wickets- 228, Avg- 23.03, 5W- 12, Best- 7/38
1 can pineapples, chunks, drained
- According to the new policy, all class discussions must be directly related to the teacher's own subject area and curriculum. Often when something important is happening in the world, I'll throw out the day's lesson plans and devote an entire class session to a discussion about the event. The day after the September 11 attacks, for example, every one of my classes was spent talking about what happened, and answering questions and discussing what was on their minds. Similarly, the recent earthquake in Japan triggered some intense discussions about natural disasters and the world's response to them. Or sometimes it's a more local event, like things happening in the school that directly effect the kids. I think it's important for them to have a place where they can talk about this stuff with guidance from an adult, and I believe my classroom should be such a place. Some days I don't teach physics - sometimes there are other things that are more important. But apparently, I'm not allowed to do that anymore. I'm only allowed to teach physics, and the kids are on their own when it comes to figuring out the stuff that really matters.
At the institution of Communion by our Lord, nothing is said of the frequency with which it was to be observed. Had nothing more been said or written, every congregation of believers would have been left to its own judgment as to the frequency of its observance. Most Christians claim to be silent where the Bible is silent and speak where it speaks. The Holy Spirit is not silent on this matter of when or how often. He did guide the apostles, and what they canonized in Scripture is our example to follow. That example is the first day of the week and nothing is said of any other day, only on “the first day of the week.” (Acts20:7)
Lickin' Dickens
Here's Gunny...
One of my family favorite food is pizza. With endless topping to choose from, you never feel bored to have pizza even on daily basis.
Was it sand in her eye?
But Ong and Ibrahim Suffian, of independent pollsters Merdeka Center, also said the turnout has “minimal electoral impact” and Umno must be wary of the middle ground which will not be swayed by mere speeches.
The article notes that one reason for this limitation is the limited capacity of short-term memory. One way of looking at short-term memory is the number of items that we can attend to at one time. Here is where the Magic Number 7 Plus or Minus Two, created comes in. Actually subsequent research has indicated that the true magic number might be 5 or even lower. An important factor is the nature of the items to be remembered. It is prudent that you do not consider more options at a time than is warranted by your magic number. So if more items need to be evaluated, it is good to evaluate them in groups, with run-offs, if necessary.
Uddhava and Satyaki fanned with the most wondrous fans the Master of Sweetness, who sat amongst the strewn flowers and gave the command to take to the road.
If I could build myself a time machine (and believe me, it wouldn’t be in an old Delorian, but probably a toilet, one with flashing lights and smoke that comes out the back when the flux capacitor gets turned on), I would zip back in time (which is all you can ask for a time machine really) and give my younger self some much needed advice.
I'm sorry this is a little late getting up. My husband has been terribly sick with an inner ear infection. Vertigo and pilot don't mix and especially since he is Ultra Type A.
We had to vote on our favorites and it was tough because they were all so good. It was heartbreaking to see some of the students who weren't selected afterwards, but by the evening I think they had already gotten over it.
J. Msobk
on an expensive yellow leather couch.
12It was on the day when the Lord gave up the Amorites into the hands of the children of Israel that Joshua said to the Lord, before the eyes of Israel, Sun, be at rest over Gibeon; and you, O moon, in the valley of Aijalon.
I'm also trying to convince our six-year-old that having her own bedroom will be amazing and wonderful and full of pink (without shocking our senses.) One night I even made up a story about a princess (with her name) moving to a new castle (house.) That's how desperate I am for this transition to be a positive one.
Lt. General Tad J. Oelstrom, USAF (Ret.)
As I sat on the pavement to rest, I saw many runners, with their finisher's T-shirt in hand, limping their way out of the Padang. I was one of them, of course. It's a funny sight, really.
Today is the National Day Of Prayer here in the USA. All over the country groups will be gathering to pray and for many the focus will be spiritual revival and a return to God’s ways. Our country is in desperate need of divine intervention!
but why the heck not give em a whirl?
routine so hopefully I will be back to blogging
There are several vintage space rocket banks for sale all the time on eBay. Mostly metal, with a spring action that shoots the coin into the rocket-shaped bank. But I saw this, and once again, not exactly my usual thing, but I had to have it. Folks usually bid on the metal action banks, so this was very inexpensive. Not too "young" looking, is it? Well, I don't think so (I'm trying to keep the space room a bit "older" looking, which means passing up some cute spaceman nursery cutouts for the wall and such). 1960's - 1970's spaceman rocket coin bank.
This is all very new for me. Despite my antics so far in 2012, this is the first time I’ve found myself in a dating situation. Mr Music (as much as I liked him) dicked me about. Funnily enough, he called when Mr Double-Barrel and I were in a cab on our way to the club to find out if I was still out and when I told him I was with Mr Double-Barrel, I got an ‘oh’ in response. Oh well. Time waits for no-one. That said, it would’ve been nice for me to flaunt myself in front of him because I’d made probably the most amount of effort with my appearance in my life. A little part of me wanted payback for the night of his ultra-crap leaving drinks. But I digress. My point is that we never dated – and while I did agonise over whether to text him, whether he’d reply etc etc, this is not the same situation.
Throw them on to the parchment lined baking sheet. Spread evenly- one layer single layer is best.
The import thing it say after all that though is that no one "wins". Now you may be scoffing at that or wondering why I bring something like that up but anyone coming into this from modern Computer Roleplaying Games this can be quite a shock. Even just coming from the perspective of games in general this can be quite odd. The only thing I don't agree with is that it follows this revelation up with a wishy washy statement that basically comes down to saying no one "Loses" either. It may just be that I come from the game where Losing is !!Fun!! but I like to lose for a reason. If I do something stupid and my character dies, he died. Now pointless death isn't losing if you couldn't do anything about it, but whatever.
Many have predicted that 2012 will be a year of slower economy and increased natural disasters. I was also told that the new year would be disastrous for those born under my Chinese zodiac sign. If it’s true, that 2012 will be a struggle as suggested, I hope it’ll still be as fun as the Ammah Hills challenge. Bring it on!
The text recalls that in other parts of the world that date is cause for celebration protests and claims for labor and social rights of the vast majority, usurped by the capitalist oligarchy, against today’s rising voices of the excluded.
For example, we must constantly be thinking about techniques, design, ideas, methodologies, concepts, processes and rendering. We also think about more personal things like that which motivates us, our inspirations, and that which we like and dislike about our work. We explore new subjects and techniques. We think about current and future projects, the steps it takes to finish and how to best organize our projects. Some artists like myself, have five or six major projects going at once.
It was then left to me to update her on what was happening around Christchurch. I had seen the video footage taken by residents and I had heard the cries and fear in their voices. I knew that buildings had collapsed onto two buses. It was lunch hour in a busy city. Everyone was out...parents, children, students. It is a young city...a beautiful city. The possibility of fatalities was heart breaking. I had to choose my words carefully.
12. Nearly everything tastes better when cooked over a wood fire.
However in Malaysia’s case, Datuk T Murugiah had initially promised in December that the book would be removed from the SPM BM KOMSAS component. Later, the DPM cum Education Minister disregarded the protests and even his own minister’s statement and railroaded the book through into schools and children’s minds.
I did get this somewhat blurry photo of a ladybug in our rowan tree. This magickal tree is about to burst into bloom. I haven't quite figured out the macro settings on Elphie, my little camera. Nature provides the subjects for super photos.
Tomorrow: Objects
2 heaping new things I have never done before – teaching 1.5 hours and testing some consultant-like wings.
Well, as I wrote in this comment I made last Saturday, the Tokyo Sky Tree was illuminated in both blue and purple from 6:30PM until 9:30PM tonight in a test run of the LED lights that will be used to light up the tower every evening once it’s done being built.
3:50 pm. ”2 ply yarn. Here be dragons.” Sounds like each ply fights against the other. But 3 ply is more harmonious. They like to cluster together. But with 4-ply, there’s always an odd man out. Past 4-ply, I start to get pretty confused.
If you want to go deeper with God, learn more of his precious truths, and grow in your daily walk with our Lord, then this new opportunity for lifelong learning looks like it’s right up your ally.
How pleased I am that we home educate, and they have the freedom to be themselves in this world of encouraged conformity.
12. Intro's
I am hoping that every month from now on, with the income that I am earning, I am able to continue to save RM1,000 per month in the FD, which will slowly make up a bigger amount. I want to make sure my girl will have a good and stable future when she starts her Primary education.
The film did win three Academy Awards in the areas of Editing, Score, and Sound.
Liya
At the dinner table:
I read this article this morning with mixed feelings. I must admit I was shocked to hear that the Ghana government, in a country where the majority of the population live below the poverty line, and which collects millions in aid from around the world for the very basics, would spend what some speculate is over USD$5m on soccer fans!!!
The reality is, I am not using one Google extension or FireFox add-on. Not a single one. At least, if it did not come pre-installed, I am not using it. I used to use the add-blocker that was famed on FireFox, but to be honest, I have left that browser, and even am using IE a lot less in favor of Chrome. I might not like Google as a company much, but Chrome is a pretty solid, fast and ‘visually’ light browser.
Guinness Extra Stout—A classic. This beer is black and very assertive with roasted grain, coffee, and molasses on the palate. It's rich, tangy, well balanced. Great. Like all ales, this should not be drunk too cold. This is the foreign export extra stout version, not the more watery draft version. I like the draft version with its nitrogen pour and creamy head, but it's just a totally different animal. To my tastes, this wins hands down.
lauren: three bags full by leonie swann; an amusing and totally clever murder mystery in which the victim was an irish shepherd, and--i swear i'm not makin' this up-- the detectives are his *SHEEP*!
A SANCTUARY REDEDICATION& BAPTISMAL SERVICE will be held on Saturday, February 4 at 1:00 PM. The guest preacher for this service will be the Reverend Doctor David L. Kelly, III, Pastor Christ Fellowship Baptist Church (reception to follow). Also, A CONGREGATION & COMMUNITY MARCH will begin an hour earlier on Saturday at 12:00 PM (line up starts at 11:45 AM).
And the mere mention of her name brought him back to this world. From his own world of dreams.
Per serving (1 cup): 102 calories (1 calories from fat), 0 g total fat, 0 g saturated fat, 0 mg cholesterol, 34 mg sodium, 24 g carbohydrate, 0 g dietary fiber, 23 g sugar, 1 g protein
We have been kept in check by a cocktail of debt and aspiration. Both are related and are products of each other but are effective in keeping us from rocking the boat because we are scared. We aspire to be better off, to move up the social ladder, to be influential & etc. Debt is a symptom of this. We aspire to things we can’t afford so get in debt, debt that we aspire to pay off. Because we are saddled with this debt all we look to is the next pay-day, the next bonus or promotion. This cycle has been propagated by business and the free market – it is a cycle that has failed us and a system that we are now bailing out. But for what? So it can begin again.
Total: 18 points
Spring flowers
not because it's a remnant of autumn's confetti
"I found you a blouse today."
Reducing Intraspecific and Interspecies Competition:
Take me to that other place
I'm not one to go all cooking blog on you but I just have too much love for this leafy green and since I finally have access to it for one day, I present to you the very easy and simple but tasty, Raw Kale Salad. It's nothing I created but one of the dishes I hold nearest and dearest to my heart.
For the coaster based, I used white ceramic tiles. I liked the look of black ones, and even some stone ones, but I was trying to do this project on the super cheap, and white ceramic tiles were .10 each at Home Depot. Yeah. Ten cents. Buy extra just in case you drop a couple, or make mistakes in the process.
Or to have someone call you over to say they’d never even heard of a Kolsch before tonight – and where can I get some more?! Even to see a hardened old VB stalwart (who only ever buys stubbies and not cans and never anything BUT VB) have even a few sips of Hightail, half a glass of Hefeweizen a mere sniff of an APA made the night worthwhile. To hear that he had three pots of Kolsch had me dancing on the table!
Samuels spent four years in the Air Force in the 1950s and credits the military with building his self confidence as a young black man from Philadelphia. He believes there’s a need for a forum focused specifically on black veterans.
7. andrea creates
He’ll be a brilliant father though. Awesome with kids.
That’s nothing to the billonaires who own the companies (why)
You might not know this, or may not have guessed it since I've been told more than once that it isn't exactly a thing I radiate and would possibly even sneer at, apparently because of my cynical, professional and rational-seeming exterior...
Until the car stopped and
Do you think the Tories know what they have done with this silly idea?
"Teaching does not make learning...organized education operates on the assumption that children learn only when and only what and only because we teach them. This is not true. It is very close to being 100% false. Learners make learning."
Estimate $4,000-6,000
Forget all the gripes and the infighting. Let the party big-wigs play their power games if they want to. The future of this country is the only thing that matters.
Judgment: All and all, not the greatest movie ever, but an interesting take on people trying to find their way in the world.
"Don't kick me!" Dillard said to the man who knocked away his sandal. More members of Gingrich's security retinue approached, shoving their shoulders and chests in front of him.
We could drink that bottle of Jose Cuervo stashed under the front seat of my dad’s 1970 Camero.
I’m so glad I did.
Tomorrow, Ashley and I will take a train to Valencia and then fly to Amsterdam. I am dreading this a little bit considering how I am feeling today, but we have to get up there in time for Ashley to catch her flight to California. So, we are staying there for only two nights (we found someone to stay with; our mom's friend's cousin!) unfortunately, but hopefully we can return in July so that we can spend some more time there. Meanwhile, I will be waiting for her in Liverpool where I'll be staying with my friend Stephen, whom I am so excited to see! Once I am settled in England I should have a lot of down time, so I'll pick up where I left off and share lots of pictures and stories from the beautiful Feria in Seville, plus all that followed.
Carving initials reminds me of high school when some dull educator droned on about something and all I wanted to do was to ever last my memory on the once proud tree, carving ones initials is not for elected officials that are bored and tired as if in algebra class just praying for the bell. I bet the knuckleheads in the volunteer state that punched that name on the ballot are now wanting to punch themselves for voting the former Hooters waitress to the State House of Representatives. Nothing wrong with being a Hooters waitress, I myself have helped many of them get through college with my love of their wings and generous portions of fries and not to mention their colorful and eye catching costumes.
But that is not really the end of it. Special mentions must also go to The Horrors, Kool and the Gang, Rumer, Hurts and Elbow and a very special mention must go to Jessie J who played her set with a broken foot and provided us with a magic moment. It occurred when she asked for a member of the audience to help her with ‘Price Tag’ and we old cynics cringed. But it turned out to be nothing like the toe-curling moment we expected and a gobsmacked Jessie didn’t quite get what she expected. It put a smile on my face for hours afterwards. Magical.
In other words, by isolating and elevating phonics into this prime method, testing it and then describing it as 'reading', we are in serious danger of losing sight of what reading is for. Or put another way, we're in serious danger of producing some (how many?) five, six and seven year olds who can 'bark at print' but who are 'getting' very little from what they're reading. In which case, I and most of us would say, what's the point?
But they each have their purpose in the world.
As I pointed out earlier, there is no hard data on the carbohydrate levels in sour beers (that I could find), theses observations are based on the known functions of the the yeast strains discussed.
This year of homeschooling has been a long interesting journey.
What do you think??? To much or not enough...
Why do you like us?
Sitting by the pool, I was reading a Rue Morgue magazine (their recent 100th issue) where they discuss the changes in horror movies over the duration of the magazine's circulation of thirteen years. It got me thinking - what decade was the best for horror movies? Not surprisingly, I'm partial to the seventies, but it's not really a "no brainer". There were some damn good horror flicks in the 60s and 80s.
No word yet on resuming their popular Saturday tours and tastings. Construction has left the surrounding industrial area fairly rough, and they are awaiting some remediation before hosting the expected crowds once again.
Mince the garlic.
- Edmund goes to bed at nine-ish every night, so I have a few hours (hours, people) of unoccupied time. My last school exam is tomorrow, so then my life will really feel...free. Or something. I'm hesitant to crowd the uninterrupted hours with too many activities because I know I need to seriously take a chill pill for a while. But at the same time, I don't want to always waste it away on re-runs of Supernanny. I need small happy projects that feed my creative bents without making a huge mess. Pinterest, here I come....
We decided to take some pictures as the Hail Storm progressed...I couldn't refrain from taking pictures the next day until the ice was gone. Thankfully our cars were not damaged and it is surprising since the hail stones were quite large as you can see.
“Namaste Bhabhiji, uncle has sent these bags. He will come a little later.” He said to her.
We were like kids in a sweet shop (candy store for you Yanks).
Why do you devalue or deny people of transsexual history's medical legitimacy?
3) Praise in public, and correct in private.
2). Unlike the Secret Service, Young isn’t employed by a government agency under the authority of the President.
For Dr. Laura Stachel, working in Nigeria as an obstetrician, those were just unacceptable numbers. “I realized that all my years of clinical experience were useless in a situation where there was no light to perform a delivery or surgery, and no phone system to call a skilled doctor.”So she and her husband Hal Aronson, a solar technology trainer, decided to shed a little light on the situation. In 2009, they founded We Care Solar http://www.wecaresolar.com/ or Women’s Energy, Communication and Reliable Electricity.
Last night was one of those times.
Roben-Marie Smith This can come in so many forms. There are times when I have a dream that inspires me or lately, it is after spending the day shooting pictures.
If I were to employ Jim's whimsical antics, I can say with near certainty, that I'd find myself behind bars before my arse could utter it's first sentence. (Damn shame too if you ask me, it had so much to teach us.)
1) What pets did you have when you were a child?
Opening Party 7.00pm to 12pm, Tuesday 1st May 2012 Exhibition 1 – 5 May 2012
Overall I have done 77 runs, over a total of 390 miles. I’ve cross-trained a total of 79 miles over 22 occasions. I’ve used 49,000 calories and climbed 6000 feet of elevation. Total exercise time of just under 74 hours. I did set myself the goal of virtually ‘running’ from Land’s End to John O’Groats, and I’m a bit behind schedule, with 381 miles to do in 137 days… I’d better get back into training mode!
We have known them for over eight years and it feels like family
Right about now you're probably thinking that getting a job and out of the house was supposed to make me more normal.
Right. So it was as easy as that!
Springfest was only the beginning of the festivities. The week before commencement, Brandeis holds a Senior Week for everyone graduating. It’s like a fun version of orientation in reverse + alcohol. Basically, they’ve planned parties, socials, boat trips, casino trips, and tons of other random activities to promote nostalgia. We even have the option of spending the night in our freshman dorm rooms and having brunch with our halls.
"mighty..." "mighty..." "mighty..." "mighty..."
Art Direction: Hugo
This is what I did for Valentine’s Day – and for at least one other trip before June.
Gemma seems to be fitting in very well. There has not really been any big issues. She and Ava have their moments but it is nothing major. She is very trusting of us. She is doing better in the car and no longer getting sick but Gemma is very much a home body. When we are out and about she always wants to know when we will be home. Her English is slowly coming along but it is still very hard to communicate without a translator. I think school will help in that department. She goes to bed easily and sleeps well every night. Ava is doing much better in the sleeping department too, thank you God!
Message in a Bottle (1998)*
I thought to myself I think we are city-type people.
Tip: This is easy to make ahead and only takes a few minutes to put together the night of! Prepare in the frying pan, cover and refrigerate, just warm it up right in the pan. Use pre-cooked frozen beans (see this post for details).
Lastly, please please please check them out, these are two voices you are not going to want to miss:
Nicole came to my moms last Tuesday to spend the last few weeks with us before she goes back to school. The first night she was here, she went with my cousin Julie and her oldest daughter Mollie to watch Mollie work some Volleyball games that evening. She stayed on the court with Mollie for a bit, but then decided she didn't like the balls coming at her that fast, so she switched to working in the concession stand. She wound up having a great time, so Julie asked her if she wanted to attend the Volleyball camp there for the next five weeks. She decided it sounded like fun.
It's not ana, but at least it's in the right direction.
of September, and hits retail fresh on September 21st. A real harvest beer in the season we should drinking it. Except, as Chris relates, his retailers couldn't do it. See, Fall beers come out in August, or even July. Bring a Fall harvest beer out in late September -- when you would think harvest actually comes -- and you won't find a place on the shelf -- because of the winter beers coming in shortly -- and people have already fallen into their buying pattern for the season. At least, that's the conventional wisdom among wholesalers and retailers, Chris tells us:
10) That the University should boycott Coca-Cola and stop the sale of it in all its outlets.
Along with Kathy's polenta I served this with a yummy, colorful pepper ratatouille. Also from the Silver Palate.
Someone told me crying is good for you.
O! then, it is like Divine Matter that goes beyond manifestation.
Turn off pot and remove dumplings.
Hmmmm, I never quite thought about it that way. The left is only pro-choice when it comes to killing babies. Other than that THEY want to decide everything else for you. You're really too stupid to make your own decisions, you know.
Formerly known as Pleasant Island, Nauru is the world’s smallest island nation, with an estimated 9,300 population in 2010 and covering just 21 square kilometres (8.1 sq mi). Originally settled by Micronesian and Polynesian people, the island was declared an independent state in 1968 after a long history of occupations/administrations by the Germans, British, Japanese and Australians.
After ringing up the various Wetherspoons pubs of Newcastle, re-ringing them up and trailing round them all on a Saturday night we finally found some Mordue Red Rye Riwaka on cask. The honour goes to the Job Bulman of Gosforth after a tip off from the boss man Gary Fawson. Mind going straight from work I got a few odd looks walking in to the pub half wet covered in malt dust and yeast stains but it had to be done if I was to get it before the festival ended.
Thirteen modern-day countries use the moon crescent on their flags. The African countries are: Algeria, Comoros, Mauritania, Tunisia, and Western Sahara. The other countries are chiefly Asian.
Free time does not help weight loss!
When I first started making cakes, one of my original supporters was my friend John (of the joint birthday WoW cake). He was the first to suggest that I should get my own cake business, and he wanted it to be called Mmm Tasty. If I do open my own business one day, I'll stick with Rainy Day Cakes... but thanks for the enthusiasm John! This cake was a birthday cake for his mom, and John's only requirement was that it be purple. This is one of the first times I made a vanilla chocolate chip cake. I'm sure I'll talk a lot more about the flavour in the future, as it is still one of my favourites!
The kid clearly is evil, and it’s not her fault – but the film doesn’t really explore too many angles on what this means or where it comes from. Just as Omen isn’t really interested in Damien, it’s interested in the evil that befalls good people, this film isn’t interested in the evil kid. It’s far more interested in the mother wallowing in her sorrow.
The local newspaper, on the other hand, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, had a news blackout on the fact that Mr. Ellison is a Muslim with ties not only to CAIR but to other terrorist organizations.
When you first called me dada
I missed his visits in the afternoons, but his mother was right. The weather had turned colder and I didn’t sit on the porch any longer myself. I’d try to get a look at the kids through the window as they past from school, but they were so bundled up and wind blown it was impossible to tell them apart.
You know you have an over abundance of scraps, here's your chance to do something with them. You've got two weeks go check it out here
3. Turtle beans fresh bath, alum mordanted bath, vinegar afterdip
I guess it hasn’t all been laziness. A good portion of it can be blamed on the increased workload toward the end of the year. For example:
If you have the opportunity to try out a Vagabond, give it a shot. I am betting you will love it as much as I! I have literally cut thousands of die cuts this past month and it hasn't slowed time even a little!
First off, let me just say how much I enjoy the word “humdinger”. It is truly a fantastic, stupendous word. One might even go so far as to say, a real humdinger of a word! Then again, maybe it’s just me. What I don’t fully understand is why it generally has to be preceded by the word “real”. You don’t generally hear people describe something as simply a humdinger, but rather, a real humdinger. Why is that? I suppose I could look it up.
Alternately, if you're a nerd (I mean, a REAL nerd) your method of suicide can be even easier. All you have to do is watch some Star Wars porn and slowly feel how you die on the inside.
'Tis I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Peter Vink: Bass Guitar (tracks 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15)
What's your favorite way to get rid of stuff you don't use anymore?
Moms, put away the curlers and flat irons.
When I asked the guys what music inspires them, they informed me that “Bobby is heavily influenced by Nirvana and Abner Jay, Leo is really into Titus Andronicus and Manchester Orchestra right now, Zach is jockin’ GDP, Nasty Nas and Lagwagon and Bill is into Discordance Axis, Pig Destroyer and Regina Spektor. The bands that influence us as a band are all of our friends bands (Tigers Jaw, The Greek Favourites, The Holy Mess, The Menzingers, Choke Up!, etc…)”
Now I am not sure what to do. The Orange kids are all eager for the next practice, or they were, and I am thinking I need to do something else because I should have outgrown this kind of thing before those kids were even born.
OLDER READERS will remember how, in the 1980s, Samuel Smiths introduced a beer called Tadcaster Bitter which was paler, hoppier and a little less strong than their standard Old Brewery Bitter. When well kept, it could be very good, but unfortunately it wasn’t well promoted and Sams’ conservative customers tended to stick with OBB. So Tadcaster Bitter began to suffer from a vicious circle of slow turnover leading to poor quality which further deterred people from drinking it, and after a year or so it was withdrawn.
1/4 cup nutritional yeast
Region 2 served as a preview to what was to come as The Woodlands boys defeated Cedar Park and Klein Oak for the team title with Parker Stinson (CP) taking individual honors. The girls titles went to The Woodlands College Park and Sarah Andrews (The Woodlands High).
The bottom line is that houses should be bought (or not bought) based on a individualized calculation of its utilitarian value - not as an "investment" to profit from.
I've been known to have a pop at people or organisations that fail my World View. Perhaps too often it might be said. Just occasionally there is a complete reversal of that irritation almost to a level that makes me feel quite humble and sorry to have ever made the fuss in the first place. Of course, I'd like to think that it was my complaint that caused an apparent change of direction, but I guess I'm probably just too insignificant to make such a claim.
Lionel Stander A Star is Born
The Time Traveler’s Wife by Audrey Niffenegger was one of those rare books that was so good, I actually allowed myself to savor it in small snippets rather than racing through it.
You know, people ask me all the time, “Are you talking about something that’s interdimensional?” And I say that depends on how you define dimension, because technically we live in a three-dimensional world—well, what would a four-dimensional world look like? See, a four-dimensional reality would be a fourth dimension of space. So when people talk about dimensional, they’re usually talking about parallel realities somehow intersecting.
'Disgusting!' I cried, and threw the book down in the grass. But something made me pick it up again, and I as read on the viewpoint shifted to that of another character, and it dawned on me, duh!: this book is satirical (and way ahead of its time), beautifully, coolly yet humanely satirical, and leaving John Updike, in my opinion, totally eclipsed.
The new iPad with a resolutionary screen and a faster processor is a great product, an amazing tablet for everyone. Those who don’t have it yet are praising it the most but those who have it are reporting problems. Its been a week since Apple launched its new iPad and users are reporting overheating problems. Yes the iPad overheats. But not only that, there is another issue with this beautiful looking tablet (see i am praising it which means i DON’T have it), and its the connectivity problem.
Have a fantastic weekend!!!
They repeated this unsubstantiated lie so often that eventually the Sandra Laing case was universally considered as one of the most striking examples of recessive alleles finally having recombined after several generations, and once again forming an individual reflective of racial mixing which occurred several generations previously. I did not make this up, I promise --- I found it here.
Pretty quick and simple considering the time constraint. But here's the supplies:
Now, more than ever, with Iran, and others, claiming the HOLOCAUST to be ‘a myth’. It’s imperative to make sure the world never forgets, because there are others who would like to do it again.
10-Niney Holness-Wipe Away
This is why I'm starting Saturday Stories!
Dispatcher: Okay, we don’t need you to do that.
Here is the work of today – and this is just the start:
Licensor and licensee rights concerning infringement suits may vary from country to country owing to differences in the applicable laws. The provisions below apply in many developed areas of the world. Developing countries often have legislation limiting the choice of applicable law and the jurisdiction of foreign courts. The parties to a patent licence agreement should check the infringement clauses carefully against what is allowable for the countries covered by the agreement.
I'm fairly confident that it won't be too difficult and feel pretty strongly that once the month is over, we will make the full on switch (or very, very close to it.) Being 75% of the way through your shopping list once you make your way out of the produce section makes it much easier to avoid the temptation in all of those middle aisles!
The same applies to us. Our physical body lives in three-dimensional space but our spiritual body extends far from its material manifestation, experiencing the far reaches of space — to its parent star and beyond to the Absolute. As an inseparable part of the Absolute, our higher spiritual aspects are multidimensional. But we earthbound human beings, limited as we are by three-dimensional consciousness, cannot see with the clear eye of the spiritual self. Focusing on our physical body, we cannot understand the effect of our spiritual selves upon our health, relationships, and destiny.
Also - I've been roaming around the interwebs for the last hour or so, finding all sorts of fun stuff in the viral videos and Slusho website. But if anyone can come up with an explanation as to why Marlena exploded after getting bitten by one of the spider-thingys, that would be awesome. Some kind of toxin? Allergic reaction? Or does J.J. Abrams just really love Alien?
I'm dedicating this video of Mr. Bean to all students who are taking a break for Thanksgiving vacation, but who probably have some studying to do for exams that will await them when they return to campus. Take a break and enjoy the humorous side of the nervous endeavor of taking an exam and wondering if you studied the right thing!
We spent the next two weeks together. And I have never felt so good about everything. I was excited before, yes. But not like this. I began to notice the distinct glow she’d have whenever she’d talk about her day. Something I was completely blinded prior to that ‘realization’. I’d smile to myself every time I’d hear her voice. It sounded like a heavenly chorus, and I’m not even talking about her singing voice yet. Now that would take you to another universe like it has taken me.
The DMCA is obviously not working, for copyright holders. For example, right now, YouTube is fighting a suit brought against it by entertainment company Viacom, who say the Google subsidiary “was engaging in ‘massive intentional copyright infringement’ for making available a contended 160,000
Raise your hand if at one point you did like and go see those kinds of movies!
Discover ten of the most important things to consider before beginning any kind of renovation. Save yourself a lot of time and money by putting in some careful planning and decision making before you start renovating your home.
An ardent – almost ferocious – advocate of the Waldorf Steiner system of education is Karthi, an ex-cognitive psychologist from Hewlett Packard, Singapore – an area that fuses engineering with design to make interactive experiences simple, elegant and meaningful. (Think Apple).
But the problem with Ujang was that he was not tall, he was a giant – he suffered from a pituitary tumour that produced abnormal amounts of growth hormone.
The Upsetters - Judas De White Belly Rat
Sally had found a hairbrush and was running it through her hair. Jen was munching on a Triscuit.
“Apparently,” he returned. But she could tell he was hiding something. His eyes darted away from her quickly. But she could not for the life of her even begin to imagine what that could be.
This is one of my favorite stamps from Paper Bag Studios. She was fun to color with this technique from the February/ March issue of the Technique Junkie newsletter. Are you a subscriber? If not I would certainly encourage to become one! This newsletter helped me a lot to take my stamping to go from OK to much better!
Jasmine contacted me asking me to publicise the details about her new new baby and toddler music class which is coming to Basingstoke this Autumn.
Then looking round, with a raised voice, K.H. said, ‘Of all the gin joints in all the towns, in all the world, she walks into mine.’
Number thirteen, passed us by
We were saddened by this.
I will. I’ll set up home with you, and we will have thirty babies. Fifteen boys, and fifteen girls. The boys will be handsome like me, and the girls will be pretty. Almost as pretty as you.
One must have a Google Profile to use this feature. When a user click on the +1 button their Google profile gets associated with that link in search, on ads, and across the web and this shows up in their profile activity on Google Profile page.
Until next time~~~~ Travel Safely
Taking a Survey on Movies
I can be pretty hard on myself. Why can’t I step on the scale and simply record a number in my head without the inner monologue about baby weight and not enough “me” time to work on it? Why do I even need to step on the scale at all? No reason really, other than to set the tone of my day: winning or defeated? Depends on the number. But, in the end, that’s all in my head. THAT is self-judgement and it isn’t making me happy.
These straight friends and allies overcame the homophobic bullshit they'd been told, opened their hearts, and looked at sexual minority people as we really are. So did several Republicans in the State Senate, though they'd been pressured most intensely under the assumption that they'd vote "for family values.' None of them had to do this. I therefore want to pay it forward by helping others.
How has God challenged you in this area? Any tips on how to “stick to the stuff” spiritually? I would love to hear your thoughts in the comment section below.
My sister finally arrived and the festivities started with a two-hour drive with my sister to Raleigh. It was a nice time to catch up with my sister since we haven’t seen each other since Christmas. We met Elizabeth at a Holiday Inn, which surprisingly was the same one we had used for Ron’s brother’s wedding. Elizabeth and I had been scheming up this trip for a few weeks now. My birthday was on the 21 and her’s is on the 31, and we always talk about spending it together, which I am so glad we did.
Cycle from Sengkang, Punggol to Pasir Ris
Don't forget your can freeze those lunch sandwiches too.
Do it for wrights pies
Well Ulozas, who has been with QVC for 23 years, is retiring next month. He will be replaced by Dave Apostolic, who currently is vice president of affiliate sales and marketing.
Yes, I am in favor of “shipping.” Books, movies, TV … shipping makes things more interesting.
1. Where do you come from? (De donde vienes?)
Donovan smiled while she talked to reporters at the scene; the door handles of her Civic still black with fingerprinting dust from deputies gathering evidence.
People in British Columbia are questioning the risk we are being asked to take with our environment and wilderness where this pipeline will snake over and around lakes and rivers and salmon spawning streams.
So, whenever I decide to quit renting and buy a house for myself, I am going out to my ex-husbands to collect all the toys and books that he is keeping for the kids.
If we are to have real modern-day heroes then we need an overall attitude and moral adjustment. We are by no means starting over, but I think it’s important that we take a moment to reassess ourselves if we keep running so fast that we forget our history and overlook the details.
We didn't feel resentment,
The question keeps echoing in my head all afternoon. I know what he means. It feels like we should be doing something. When you are sick, it feels like you should do something to fix it. Something more than watching Price is Right, and cat napping all day. But then it seems more existential as the day wears on. More important. Is he asking because he knows something? Is he scared of dying? Am I scared of dying?
Placenta previa occurs in about 1 in 200 births. Risk factors include:
And here is a photo of probably the most daring thing I have done to date......shaving my head! I think you'll agree that it is not really a good look for me!! But seven of us did this in the end and we raised a lot of money, so it was worth it (just!)!! although if I ever do it again it wont be in the middle of winter, it was December here and snowing, honestly, what on earth were we thinking??
@strawberryslady: Beck dies after begging us to "look at me" for one last time
This past weekend I did some assessment of my ideal garden as we are coming into a new month – tomorrow!
Often overshadowed by the high-profile collapse of another federally backed solar company, Solyndra LLC, Beacon Power also went bankrupt last year. But unlike Solyndra, which failed to find a buyer, Beacon Power announced last month that it had been acquired by a private equity firm.
Mr Adeleye – 07085055001 or 07051455404
A local broker, however, had a more pragmatic view, saying that although Sime Darby was keen to venture into high-end development, it did not necessarily want to obtain everything at one go via a general offer, which would have been a much riskier proposition.
If you want to be up to date on the latest in the NCAA, including college coaches and players, then subscribe to my Twitter feed @MerfyMerf.
"Thats very KROQ sounding that track, dont you think"
The Dog Fighter: 50
The unfortunate accident shocked the entire nation, prompting some netizens to ask for Mr Baey’s opinion on his Facebook:
Eight (8) Rich Buckler pencil pages from Meredith Bryan ("the last couple are very rough layout only," writes Don.)
Scattered Flurries
Mind you, this week just gone was a little unusual because I had three days at university and I think that if I hadn't had that travel to Bristol, then the whole week might not have been quite so tiring!! So....what did I do in the evenings? Monday night I was at my craft club making a cute little box of thank you cards, Tuesday night I was at a Pampered Chef party hosted by a friend (I bought some stuff!), Wednesday night I went to the ballet with some other friends to see Sleeping Beauty (it was a strange little ballet!), Thursday night I was off to my weekly sign language class - we are currently practising for our first exam which is next Thursday!! Friday was a relief as I wasn't doing anything in the evening, but I still had to work during the day. Saturday was fairly quiet, but I did go round to another friends house to take part in her craft afternoon - we made some lovely birthday reminder folders - you know the ones - where you can store birthday cards. In fact, I am quite likely to offer it up as part of the One World One Heart event which starts tomorrow.
Joyce suggested I buy it and then plan on going to the
“Live Simply”
And if you're so inclined, why not visit the New York City Fire Museum? It's in SoHo and afterwards you can take a stroll down to the Financial District and imagine what it all might have looked like.
This week, by bicycle to Abberton Reservoir, a body of water renowned for its flocks of water-fowl. As we watched the swan rose out of the water, wings beating strenuously. We also saw curiously patterned Egyptian ducks.
Level 12: 24% chance to deal 130% damage after an attack.
DAY TRIP
Being of bigger frame, I find my hip-and-shoulder technique tends to be quite effective. This means I can get to where I need to go with out fear of being trampled on, and simultaneously barrage my way through. It also means that people GTFO of my way when they see me running through. It’s kind of like being a Trojan horse… without being made of wood and filled with 100 men all wanting to kill someone.
ND - I think it’s your job to speculate. It’s my job to try to solve the problems.
GYST teaches you the business stuff you should have learned in art school, but didn’t. GYST values self-sufficiency and presents you with information, skills, and strategies to make things happen without necessarily waiting around for some arbiter of culture to validate your work. We’re not concerned with producing slick, commercialized artists, nor is this some new age, touchy-feely “find your inner artist” crap. GYST is a program for artists, by artists that will teach you bare-knuckled, practical strategies for negotiating the baffling terrain of the contemporary art world, whether you are interested in working with galleries, or creating a DIY or social practice.
Next week I will kick ass because I plan to:
lift the blanket;
Regan and I love food. We aren’t consumers of much besides food. We’ll gladly pass on updating our wardrobes, upgrading our cell phones, going out to dinner with friends to a place we’ve already been or even getting a second car just so we can have the money we need to spend on the foods we so desire. We get our meat and cheese from Goose the Market and our produce from Green B.E.A.N. Delivery. We avoid grocery stores whenever we can and instead focus on those businesses that make connections with local farmers and focus on sustainable and organic farming. And I’m so glad we do.
The theme this month is "Mom's" and for my card, I wanted to show all Mom's....young & old, that life is short and you need to make the most of it while you can :) How appropriate was THIS stamp to show that message? :)
he doesn’t
Usually a 6-year-old Mercedes
3. Keep a copy of our backups in two or more locations off-site, one of which should be online with a digital company like Mozy, Carbonite, etc. The second should be housed with a relative or close friend who lives in a different part of the country. You may want to trade with them and keep a copy of their data to reciprocate.
Richard Sipe estimates that 9% of U.S. priests have offended, which extrapolates to 9,872 priests nationally….
Medication course:
South Korea appears to be taking seriously the latest attack threat from North Korea.
Once it was sanded I gave it a couple of coats of Wickes wood dye in a Medium Oak colour and left it for a further 2 days.
Another complication arises within Christianity itself with more division based on interpretation of scripture. Known as “Dominionism“, this association of churches believes that only after they have conquered all aspects of life on earth – the Seven Mountains - will Jesus’ second coming occur. One disturbing component to the doctrine observed by Dominionists – claiming a membership of almost 50 million people according to one source – is summed up by sociologist Sarah Diamond, that, “…Christians alone are Biblically mandated to occupy all secular institutions until Christ returns–and there is no consensus on when that might be. That, in a nutshell, is the idea of “dominionism.“
«McCann family spokesman Clarence Mitchell said: “Kate and Gerry are aware of this particular report from Spain. It was absolutely right that the police investigate any potential lead.
* If you'd like to receive posts form this blog directly into your Facebook news feed, you could make it so by *liking* its Facebook page.
Until I get the main guts of the story down I am consumed by the process really, to the exclusion of everything else. Husband could quite likely come home and find dinner in a burnt out pan in the garden!
I don’t know if it’s too late to make things simple again. I don’t know if they ever have been, or if I’ve just been incredibly naïve. But I’m losing patience with the sport I enjoy, and the vast majority of that seems to come from how disconnected I am with other fans. No one is blameless.
For my page I used my Mickey font and Disney Mickey and Friends Cricut cartridges for Mickey, the word Disney and the 2011. The paper is all Stampin UP! and the banner stamps and my journaling box are all from Taylored Expressions.
As Bible-believing people, let's also make this Friday a day of prayer – and please encourage others to participate with you. We know that our contest is with spiritual forces (Ephesians 6:12), and we firmly believe that He Who is within us is greater than any other god or force (1 John 4:4), so I encourage you to fill America with prayer to the True God this coming Friday.
I decided a while back that I wanted to make a big Christmas beer to hand out to friends and family during the holidays, I just wasn't sure what style I wanted to brew. At first I considered brewing up one of those ambiguous “winter warmers” that almost every craft brewer seems to put out this time of year, then I remembered that I don't even really like very many of them. Then I read about this french saison yeast the Wyeast had released as part of their “Private Collection” special release program. It's a french saison yeast, rumored to be from Brasserie Thiriez, that doesn't need ridiculously high fermentation temperatures like their regular saison yeast. Bingo, I quickly decided, after consulting Farmhouse Ales, that the beer I would brew would be a Bier de Noel, basically a dark, high gravity saison. The recipe was based off the info in the book.
just one photo, but really special.
This Has Been Another RubyTime Production
How often do I take You for granted? How often do I take the credit, rather than giving You the praise? How often do I get mad at You, even if just for a moment, when life is less than perfect? How often do I pass up the opportunities to share You with those around me? How often do I not make time for You? How often do I consciously decide not to take a few moments to listen to You and tell You how much I love You? Seriously. How often? I’m certain that the answer would shame me. The thought has my eyes welling with tears as I speak.
I've been wrackin' my brain all day trying to think up something SPRINGY and FUN for this giveaway... something witty, maybe, or just.... SOMETHING. But I am well and truly sick, folks. My brain feels like it's stuffed with fluff and my throat is roaring while I periodically try to cough out my lungs for some fresh air. Delightful.
Hans Deyssenroth - Keyboards, Synthesizers, Computer
Jones
As the world embraces technology, some of the world’s population is still trying to catch up. While there’s plenty of elderly out there that take to the advancements of our phones, computers, and even our eyes, there’s just as many out there that find the whole situation far too complex for every day usage. Thanks to the Kompott Robotic Agent, students are bridging the gap between connectivity, technology, and the generation gap.
b) drinking 4+ cups of coffee a day
Systematically tracking down the best kind of men, that's what.
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided (preferably extra virgin for drizzling on top)
The ability to manipulate viewers opinion is vital if you are to control telephone voting and indeed get the required result.
I will illustrate a few of my favorite personal discoveries.
ion from mad-dog armeanians and basically takes no shit! But if your one of his boys, he'll have your back. Ok, so Vic is not a big screen cop, but he has to get amention cause The Shield is the best show on TV.
3. People driving dangerously around cyclists, particularly me, and particularly when vehicle being driven is a lorry, and person driving is a nobhead.
**RS, left shoulder**
Her ordeal began last Wednesday when she returned home from school. She
One thing I love about the french is that the ingredient list is small, but the quality of those ingredients is high. The butter I use in the 3 sandwiches below is presidente, a french butter, and it’s worth every penny.
In March of 2010, Mr. Jonathan had sent Douglas to meet
I expected my muscles to shut down sooner or later during the race due to the climbing and the - more strenuously - downhill running. But they didn't shut down. Must have been the training. I was pleasantly surprised :)
ME: "Cool, I'll book some gigs."
01 Ruby-Paraffin (Red Snapper Mix)
Heather Draper – Well I would say that I love what I love (thanks Tricia and Kelly for that confidence) and I love almost everything!! I have to say I take the most pleasure in combining elements in unexpected ways, always in a subtle manner, to achieve a layered, lived in space that will age gracefully.
I find this to be interesting and i kinda feel that this is true. We forget a lot of fundamentals but they never really leave us. For example we can see how early memories are important to us from examining/analyzing brain damage individuals.
RR—Well, that’s another possibility, yeah. You know the thing is, if this thing shows up—we’re talking about the hypnotic effect, that may be where the hypnotic effect comes from as well. It’s like it manifested into this reality. It somehow creates this energy displacement, but it may have a psychic component as well, and affect the mind. And it may be able to direct that.
After the show, I jumped in a van and went to a party at Rory's house, and got damn well WAY-sted, ate a bunch of mushrooms, and listened to a lot of records on a stereo that has speakers hooked up to the front porch. Isn't that a good idea! Walked home at 4am in the rain tripping on mushrooms and drunk. It was probably fun, but I can barely remember.
If you download it, please leave me some love in the comments! I do love them so! :)
3. Clouds
Yeah, I guess they’re not so menacing nor barbaric at all… (Except for Mykage) Although they put a scratch on the academy.
How can you make them feel welcome on your site, in your booth, in your ad? How can you improve their life with your art? You need to believe in the importance of your work and in connecting with your ideal customer.
In 1937 Ellington returned to the Cotton Club which had relocated to the mid-town theater district. In the summer of that year, his father died, and due to many expenses, Ellington’s finances were tight. Things improved in 1938 and he met and moved in with Cotton Club employee Beatrice “Evie” Ellis. After splitting with agent Irving Mills, he signed on with the William Morris Agency. The 1930s ended with a very successful European tour just as World War II loomed.
My question; why wasn't a funnel involved? Politicians, even President Swagger are supposed to be skilled at ramming things down our throats, couldn't that skill have been employed to generate a Stevie/McCarthy moment?. Frankly I'm still thirsty. For Harmony!
81 A Christmas Carol – Charles Dickens
We have a chart on our workboxes. The chart includes all the workbox/file folder numbers, and it also has blank spaces to put tags for other items, such as time on the trampoline, a snack, time on the wii or Nintendo DS, a nature walk...the possibilities are endless!
UPDATE: October 7, 2010 -Comet Hartley 2 now visible in “normal” binoculars! Last night it was bright enough for me to see using 8X40 binoculars – significantly brighter than on October 2 when I last saw it. It was an easy target in 15X70 binoculars and I suspect that at this rate it will be reaching naked eye visibility – just barely – for those with really dark skies.. But even with small binoculars it’s still the kind of target that requires an observer to have some experience to find and see. For example, if you can find and see the large galaxy, M33, you certainly should be able to use the same instrument to see Hartley now.UPDATE: October 2, 2010 – While I would not discourage people from searching for Comet Hartley 2 right now, it is something that only experienced observers with dark skies will find easy to see at this moment. I have mag 5.5 skies and I could not see it last night while using 15X70 hand held binoculars when it was about 50 degrees above the horizon in the early evening. I did see it with an 80mm telescope and it was visible to one of three new observers who were visiting me last night when we used a 6-inch refractor. I would rate it a bit more difficult to see than M110, the fainter of the companion galaxies to M31.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (AP) — The golf writer for the New York Times told a website Thursday she wouldn’t want to cover the Masters again until Augusta National invites a woman to be a member.
“Number 3,” said the BM, stifling a yawn.
I saw plainly that God had delivered me from a prison I did not know I was in. I am completely sure given the amount of control she had over me that if I had stayed with her she would have eventually convinced me that I needed to kill myself. And I would have done it unless God intervened.
6. A CHICAGO STREET FIGHT FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP: CM Punk (Champion) vs. Chris Jericho (Challenger).
Ha ha. I'm glad we can laugh about it.
Tuesday 1st May 2012
Yesterday, I ordered my cap and gown, AKA the ceremonial robes I will be shrouded in when I become a college graduate in six weeks and stop getting FAFSA checks every few months that will pay my bills. Instead, I will start paying back the tens of thousands of dollars in loans it took for me to wear the cap and gown.
about and how these things are still going on cloaked in other guises,” said Gordon, “and also about all of us, as humans, our knee-jerk rush to create a story that makes sense out of anything that happens. Is any of that ever true and how fast do we do it, and how fast are we departing from the truth?”
But I really have an axe to grind with the Muslims and their pushing of Sharia law and other such crap on us. I'll consider Sharia law when the raghead imams and mullahs start dining on Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato sandwiches before each prayer service.
b) number: 5667
There will be many more Halloween in Wonderland projects, including cards, more mini-books, and wall art to share with you and they are all WONDERful, so stay tuned as we gear up for Halloween! Please leave a comment on The Altered Alice before you depart!
Volomir: And finally, last but not least. I’m sure any painter new to the hobby is eager to hear some counsel from one of the best artists currently. Do you have anything to say to help someone who is starting now and would love to win a Slayersword someday?
Acts 9:20
like sentries of the mountain
“All right. Where does this threat come from?”
Transfer the cookies and the parchment paper to a wire rack and let the cookies cool completely before serving.
Kyle Lang just got out of a marriage that lasted too goddamned long. He knew when he married her that he shouldn’t have. For the last few years, he’s been haunted by daydreams of the perfect feel of another man’s skin. The problem is, the bar scene isn’t working so well for him. When Kyle picks up Jesse, an eighteen-year-old illegal who turns tricks for cash, he finally finds something to scratch that desperate itch. For Jesse, who is only gay-for-pay to support his sister, it’s the first time he’s ever been aroused by another man’s touch. The consequences will change his whole world.
Keyboards: Clevie
The sad thing is, when I was growing up, we just didn’t have the kind of horror books available to children today. Even Goosebumps came too late for my generation! So I went from reading the perennially popular Roald Dahl to Stephen King, by way of Sherlock Holmes and Edgar Allan Poe. So, really, I have nothing to compare the current crop of phenomenally talented YA horror writers to.
What gets me however is that when the game goes flipside, why then, as women are we not allowed to return the favour?
According to Sahmoud, Mashharawi was taken to prison, where he was reportedly told to remove his shoes, belt and shirt and he was allegedly detained for an hour in a dark cell. During the journey to the detention centre, Mashharawi was allegedly punched in the face and the chest, and one official even threatened to shoot him, IPI research revealed. No formal charges were made against any of the journalists. The Government Information Bureau contacted the journalists following the case, Sahmoud revealed. The Ministry of Interior in the Gaza Strip condemned the “unacceptable” attack and said a full investigation would be launched, according to Maan News. Sky News and the BBC have been completely silent on the assault on their own reporters, as has all of the mainstream media.
Janome Sew Mini for stitching
Here we are sipping our tea. I'm in the background taking it all in. It was almost surreal. The teas we tried were Orange Jasmine, Vanilla Bean, Wild Blackberries and Wild Blossoms and Berries. This is the married side of the room. We didn't realize it until we were seated for about an hour that all the singles were on one side and the married all together. We also realized that the singles are all size 0 and 2. Bless their hearts.
Bonnie St. John, Paralympics Silver Medalist and
The judge granted TPR last month
Thank You for letting me share this experience with you, and if you know a border agent or any other person of service that's a good person, make sure to give them a smile or an extra hug the next time you see them.
It’s easy to determine what the first two words have in common, but “justice” – what does that have to do with imagination and creativity?
Ah, but the major exception...
Because it’s so thick and wonderful a little goes a long way. It keeps nicely in the fridge and should dress several amazing salads. I hope that you “love it most.”
Like I said in an earlier post I picked up zinger fabric for my red and white quilt and hopefully it will make its way to the laundry room to be pre-washed soon. I typically don't pre-washed my fabrics but have for all the fabrics in this quilt so am going to for this one too. As this quilt has a deadline I should be working on it, but its not working out that way.
“We believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, and of all things visible and invisible. And in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only-begotten Son of God, begotten of the Father before all worlds.”
I always intended to live in or travel through Germany. My sister had moved to Germany when I was in middle school, and I started studying the language so I could write her letters in German...which I'm pretty sure never happened. But I did develop a fascination for the culture and language. And yet, my five hours in Germany, ordering sauerkraut and gluhwein, are the only workout my linguistic skills have ever gotten. (Unless you count IMing with my coworker in the Dominican Republic in German.)
M – Motorola
In course design and execution, I have experimented extensively with both modeling and teaching the values of the DIY approach and the implementation of critical-historical thinking in new technological venues. Some of these experiments have been successful, and some have not. In the column of successes I would include:
The only tricky part about listening to the gut is discerning what’s the gut and what’s an emotion like fear. Fear exists for similar reasons, it can seem like it’s coming from the same place, but it’s not always founded. Fear generally doesn’t serve me.
Think "The Hunger Chronicles meets Percy Jackson", and then -- and I hope I don't lose anyone here -- throw in a little bit of The Firm, because I was reminded of the greatest accomplishment of that first big hit of Grisham's, which was the way he created, twice in that novel, a totally alluring fictional world and then allowed a sense of doom and danger to overtake that world, both in Memphis and in the Cayman Islands.
Stamp Set: Have a Seat
A frequent Q69 rider called the fliers the talk of the neighborhood.
This little girl speaks! "Da da da da da da dadadada". "Ahhhhhhh GAH!" "Ay yah yah yah ahhh da!" She has opinions and she wants you to know them!
The Hermes Birkin imitation totes show up below this kind of injury in which you'll find diverse patterns, colour, dimensions, and materials obtainable in different kinds of Hermes Birkin imitation totes out there. Each precise object of Hermes Birkin imitation totes delivers diverse type and ambiance for each girl. A variety of them serves as a an event or outside ornament although some people might baggage may be far more associated with office variations. Girls can decide out the envisioned variations on the diverse collection agencies to match their flavour and personal preference.
18. Ti Amo...Alfredo (02:17)
Best UK bottle or canned beer
If one seeks the blessings of the Lord he must accept the will & leading of the Lord. It is a sad state when one who lives in sin suddenly prays out of need and expects God to answer that prayer. He then has the audacity so as to say, “God does not care for him”, or worse yet, “there is no God.”
Well, we are in interesting times…life can only get funnier and it is getting funnier, I had to take this picture of a school boy…well, don’t blame me; I though he was another soldier!
So to all of my past customers, thank you for partnering with me to help support entrepreneurs around the world!
This book was penned by two meteorologists and is filled with simple weather forecasting experiments for kids. It opens with directions on keeping a weather log and does a great job of provoking kids to make observations and predictions about the weather based on a series of questions. The rest of the book contains a ton of weather forecasting experiments, fun facts about weather, and Q&A with the meteorologists who wrote the book. It's a really fun way to get students to think differently about weather predicting and experiment to better understand it.
There you are. There YOU are. You are a swimmer. You are a dolphin. You are more acutely aware of changes in temperature than you have ever been. Fun isn’t it? And don’t worry, no one else has to know. It’s you’re own little fun treat for yourself. A very inside joke that keeps an ever slight smile on your face.
Most German men have humiliation fantasies anyway. That’s obvious from their pornography, which frequently depicts submissive men being bullied by large, sexually voracious women. When Boris Becker impregnated a waitress in a restaurant, he made sure everyone knew about the short duration of their coupling, which apparently lasted no longer than 10 seconds. Is that the kind of detail an arrogant, macho fellow would share with the world? And let’s not forget Stefan Moses, the kinky photographer who showed people naked pictures of himself so he could draw attention to his puny appendage.
Overall Favorite Restaurant: Congratulations and kudos to Bergamot, an innovative and impressive restaurant in Somerville. Their food is superb, and the chef often combines what may seem to be disparate ingredients and creates delectable and harmonious dishes. From a phenomenal Pork Belly Ravioli, to an incredible Roast Chicken, the ever changing menu always has plenty of compelling dishes. They also have a killer wine list, with plenty of interesting choices, as well as an excellent cocktail program. Service is always professional and attentive, and the entire staff works well as a single unit. I have written a few times about Bergamot, including here, here and here. Every time I have dined here has been an excellent and delectable experience. It receives my highest recommendation and I urge all my readers to dine here.
This is one of my cards from the Card Creations Get Inspired issue- The inspiration photo was a stack of older vintagey styled postcards. I don't do vintage very well... so I did clean vintage! ;) This card uses several Unity stamps- Vintage Post Card, and the sentiments are from another kit (which I can't find on the website-sorry!) The dies are from Spellbinders- S4-168 Large Labels.
Still, there will be many names that are new and strange and do not immediately suggest an image. These names require a little work in recoding the sound of the name so that a meaningful image can be formed. Consider the recodings for the following names:
He is getting better and hope the kids get over their lesser symptoms of the same thing soon. Two of them had Strep as well. Sigh!
What is the mission of the Festival de Cannes?
For 17 minutes, we will push ourselves further, challenge ourselves deeper, feel the doubt and wonder what the hell we got ourselves into, and if we can make it, but then remember why we are there and appreciate fully those who we wish to honor. We turn to our community of friends and family, asking them to join us by donating what they are inspired to give to our two phenomenal organizations.
No sooner had I landed from that flight of fancy and finished this piece, when I thought that perhaps I had not fully entered into the spirit of the challenge as I hadn’t used everything in the pack, and I had also substituted some of my own beads for the seed beads sent to me. It was the last day of the challenge by now and I knew it had to be something relatively quick to make – something that didn’t involve 8 feet of peyote rope! I began looking at the labradorite again, and in the sunshine, it reminded me of the colour of the sea, deep swirling sea with mythical creatures beneath the surface. The pearls seemed to complement the marine theme and yet the seed beads whispered that they would like to become flowers, fantasy flowers. I imagined a Selkie, trapped in human form as her husband had hidden her sealskin. I saw her standing on the shore, looking longingly out to sea but unable to return to her home, and that is when ‘In a Selkie’s garden’ came to life.
Where can I purchase a Time Travelers pass? Why is it a good value?
I touch the pages, and though her hand-writing is familiar to me, I am also curious to know her private thoughts as a young woman. Would this unique timepiece reveal another side to the woman I always knew and loved as my Grandmother?
Confidence.
Although I'm not an SRO, I have given a few talks about cyber bullying to students and teachers of primary and middle schools and thought I would share some information with you should the need arise at your station to make a presentation to a class, scout/girlguide troop/ or at a PTA meeting , and some preventative measures and actions that may be taken to stop this form of on line abuse, which is now covered under some Provincial statutes and in the Criminal Code of Canada. With the use of hand held devices becoming more commonplace in schools, and class rooms across the country this is a very real issue that a lot of students and parents do not want to/ or will not address. In the most severe cases of cyber bullying and stalking some suicides have been blamed on this relatively new phenomonen in the high tech world. School bullies have been around for ages, this is just one of the new tools available to them
December 1 was World AIDS Day. Mike texted me to see if I could help him cover the day's events and help him take photos of the celebration, awards and speakers. Of course, I got there as soon as I could. I have photos to share that I'll be uploading soon. What I will try to relate as well is the feeling of incredible love and hope that exists today for those on the forefront of fighting AIDS and discrimination for HIV+ people. What I learned about this disease, now in the 25th year since its discovery, shook me deeply and also made my eyes fill with tears of compassion for the people who live with this illness on some level daily.
Although the Supreme Court, in the case of Custodio vs. President of the Senate, G. R. No. L-117 (42 Off. Gaz., 1243) held in a minute resolution “That the constitutionality of a legislative act is open to attack only by person whose rights are affected thereby, that one who invokes the power of the court to declare an Act of Congress to be unconstitutional must be able to show not only that the statute is invalid, but that he has sustained or is in immediate danger of sustaining some direct injury as the result of its enforcement,” that ruling was laid down without a careful consideration and is contrary to the ruling laid down in the majority of jurisdictions in the United States that “In the determination of the degree of interest essential to give the requisite standing to attack the constitutionality of a statute, the general rule is that not only persons individually affected, but also have taxpayers, have sufficient interest in preventing the illegal expenditures of money raised by taxation and may therefore question the constitutionality of statutes requiring expenditures of public moneys.” (Am. Jur., Vol. 11, p. 761) All the members of this Court, except two, in taking cognizance of those cases, rejected the respondents’ contention, reversed the ruling in said case and adopted the general rule above mentioned; and we believe the latter is better than the one adopted in said case of Custodio, which was based on a doctrine adhered to only in few jurisdiction in the United States; because if a taxpayer can not attack the validity of the executive orders in question or a law requiring the expenditure of public moneys, one under our laws could question the validity of such laws or executive orders.
Now I know who I am. I have discovered my true identity: I am a comma fucker.
These however, are just my reasons for liking GLaDOS as a character and villian, and I won’t go so far as to impress them upon others.
see what the other grades are up to...don't get to do that enough!
I’m so lonesome for you it’s a crime
“Thank you, Sarah, but we gorillas have no need of beverages. We get all the moisture we need from our lush and fruity diet.”
I know I’m only 21, I know I may have a lot more to live, but seriously, the road from 15-21 has been a piercingly painful one, and I’m tired of living it. I’m tired of rape threats. I’m tired of being treated like I’m a piece of meat. I’m tired of feeling like I need to hide who I am, just so people will like me more.
249 For thee the fates, severely kind, ordain
The Teaching Research Institute’s Child Development Center, housed at Western Oregon University, will host a Play Parade on Friday, April 27 at 11 a.m. in front of Todd hall. This event is to celebrate the Week of the Young Child.
What do y'all have planned for the weekend? Here's hoping for more sunshine!
(Does that mean there’d be a vote for AY PILOTs?)
as index finger rests
Our neighbor had police in his driveway too. He had gone out to chat with them and learned of the hit-and-run accident on the highway and the disappearance of the driver onto our property. About then, an ambulance eased past our house down to my in-law’s house. “Should I go out and talk to the firefighters?” asked my husband while secretly pondering the need for a cowboy hat, rifle, and cigar.
on a more positive note, all of the downstairs electronics/entertainment center will be unplugged, coded and wrapped today. so maybe, just maybe downstairs really will be done by tonight.
11 Stang's Swang 3:07
5. Place dishes on preheated baking sheet; return baking sheet to 425 degree oven. Immediately reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees; bake souffles at 350 for 21-24 minutes, or until puffy and golden brown on top. Serve immediately.
It literally lasted a few hours, and only then because none of us could stuff anymore in! My mum was honoured enough to be saved a slice for today, which she ate with some relish I can tell you!
place to start my day and to end each night. In my old studio, I surrounded
However, the mind of your average mad scientist works differently than most people. The desire to insert things into places that weren't meant to have things inserted into them seems to consume the entirety of their being. After dismounting his female zombie (he pleasured himself utilizing her abdominal wound as a makeshift vagina), Baron Frankenstein says to Otto, "to know death, you have to fuck life in the gallbladder." Briefly removing the modesty patch that covers her actual vagina, as if to say, I have no interest in this puckered mound of opulent flesh, Otto, imitating his master, begins caressing the stitches that snake seductively along the female zombie's succulent stomach with his tongue. Once his misguided attempt at foreplay is over, he's ready to pierce her wound. Of course, all doesn't go as planned (he's not as experienced as the Baron when it comes to performing gash-based cunnilingus), and the dumbfounded lab assistant has nothing but a floor covered with vital organs to show for his oral trouble.
1. The 'Dream Lord' is rumoured to pretend to be the Doctor because of a shot of him inside the TARDIS wearing the Eleventh Doctor's costume in the trailer.
We are also running fixed price evening meals in the first half on the week. From Sundays to Wednesdays, after 6pm, it’s two main courses and a bottle of house red, white or rose wine for £26.
Gamoca pointer at the underpass,
as we sit here our backs to each other
#3 Winning Moves
Please observe the following guidelines to ensure a quick reviewing process:
My ribbon is from Offray and for the center I used a Stampin-Up antique brad. My card layout is an older one from the Sweet Stop Sketch blog #106.
Nina was “rescued” and spent the next five years in a no-kill kennel. The only reason she wasn’t snatched up was because she was a pit bull. Without getting into the debate about the dangers of pit bulls, I will just say that it’s my belief when dogs are raised to fight and kill, that is what they will do.
Come back tomorrow for an update on the rest of our weekend!!!
O LORD GOD! You are God of possibility! Father my income will increase this year by 700% to enable me take care of my needs, the needs of Your Children and the needs of Your Church and still have much more in store, to Your Glory in Christ Jesus, Amen!
Then as I rounded another corner, and I came out of the trees, in my hunched over, trying to keep warm state, I looked up and there was the most stunning rainbow painted across the sky in brilliant colours! I stopped walking and stood in awe of Gods creation. All of my complaints were forgotten as I took in Gods beautiful rainbow of promise.
Sure as death and taxes she’s in need of a man
Fade Skinny: This article describes a telehealth project in Swansea where patients with heart failure and COPD were provided with telehealth monitoring equipment. Potential economic benefits and patient empowerment are highlighted as positive outcomes from the project.
to let go the emotional attachments I have held
I was once a liberal. I often said many of the aforementioned quotes. But, after Hillary lost the nomination, I reassessed myself. I started reading McCain’s platform. I dove into the world of politics – I haven’t looked back since. I’m an ardent young conservative because I believe people should earn their money, then keep and spend it at their own will. The majority shouldn’t have to pay for the failures of the minority – enough entitlements and handouts; that’s called socialism.
Seth Mokitimi’s granddaughter spoke eloquently of her family’s pride in their grandfather and of this place that would be an embodiment of his vision for theological training and formation. “If we can inculcate a sense of balance, then there is hope,” she said.
This month's challenge is fussy cutting! Yep, cutting out some of those little details found in the graphics of the papers. This allows you to create some dimension and texture by inking the edges....with none other than the fabulous Quick Quotes PowderPuff Chalking Inks, using pop dots to raise the cutting on the layout and layering the cut outs over other items including the photo.
Thank you for visiting my blog and your kind comments.
May 31 Thursday 10:30am-3:30pm
My Sweet Hunter,
It feels like I have said quite a lot there, but I hope that some of it has been helpful to some of you. As Christians we ‘walk with the Spirit’. This does not mean that life is not difficult and that we do not fail, but it does mean that we have the power of God living within us, leading and guiding us and giving us the strength to overcome any troubles we face in life. Whatever life may throw at you, always remember that you have the Spirit of God in you, and that with that Spirit you have the power to overcome anything and everything. So brothers and sisters in Christ, friends, as we go away from this weekend continue to walk with the Spirit and to follow it wherever it may lead you – for it will lead us on a wonderful journey as we develop as disciples of Jesus Christ and as we work to bring about God’s Kingdom here on Earth… AMEN.
Let me pause here to say, that of everyone in the hospital that day, this technician was the only person who was insensitive, heartless and cold. In the documents I received prior to the examinations that day, it was said that I could ask the technician for results of the examinations, and that she would be able to reveal them in a limited way.
02 - Foolish Men
He is also accused under Section 132(2)(a) of the Companies Act 1965 of committing the offence without approval from an annual general meeting of NFCorp to gain profit directly.
Finally, Brownie was free-wheeling! And what did the Bitch do on her semi-virgin voyage? She smoked some crack and blew out a rear tire at 70 miles per hour on the interstate, laughing histerically as her terrified operator freaked- the-fuck- out while swerving across two lanes and landing on the shoulder. Fun times.
When she isn’t busy breaking down entirely, Brownie does other things to punish her owner for being poor: She burns oil like a binge drinker. She conspires with speculators to raise the price of gasoline to unaffordable levels. She and her insurance agent friends consistently raise the rates for no reason, and somehow she’s made sure that auto repair shops keep the price for fixing her equivalent to a full month’s wages, no matter what the problem is.
I don’t feel judged or boxed up. I don’t feel pre-identified. I don’t feel like every move I make is being scrutinized. I don’t feel anxious when I’m around or away from them. I don’t wonder if they’re being honest with me. And I don’t demand anything from them.
Moving in to 2009, Nkateko went from strength to strength and proved to be a very independent youngster, and learnt a lot about the local Rockfig hyena clan through far too regular contact with them, but one thing she did learn from this was to take her kills into a tree as soon as she could, and even at a just over a year old, she would hoist the smaller kills that her mom took her too almost instantly.
In 1975 I was seven years old and loved the Bazookas my mother bought for Walid and me at Spinney's in the Ramlet al-Baida neighbourhood.Ziadé uses bright watercolours infused with a Pop Art sensibility, perfect in the opening pages to highlight the obsessions of a young girl in thrall to 'the best of what the Western world can offer' in Spinney's supermarket. Trolleys, escalators, marshmallows and Kellog's cereals are all lovingly recreated in their garish glory but just as we might be falling for the lure of nostalgia an upended bottle of blood-red ketchup heralds the beginning of violence and the pages of consumer goods turn into several pages of munitions, each described with the same verve, as if the allure of these weapons provoked the same feeling in the various militias around Beirut as the sugary sweetness of processed food did to Ziadé.
He was responding to question by Senior Parliamentary Secretary for Foreign Affairs Sam Tan on whether the health ministry can reintroduce fee guidelines and improve financial counselling for patients.
my antique mall booth, but I am super thrilled
I hope you found my tips useful. Try not to be put off by the enormity of the task, it may seem daunting at first but once you get used to your manager and how they work it becomes easier to manage their correspondence. How do you manage your boss’ emails? Do you have any other Do’s and Don’ts that you can share?
And finally, since the screen was set up up, I even printed the letters over the work I'd done earlier in the day, just to see how it looked.
My family considers me an extrovert, because in high school I always asked to hang out with my friends, which would annoy them, for reasons that I won’t get into here.
Most whiskey is distilled twice, three times at most. Vodka is often distilled many more times, and Clix vodka is distilled 159 times! More distillations has to be better, doesn't it? At $300 it's certainly more expensive than any of Buffalo Trace's whiskeys, and hopefully, it will stay that way. Now keep in mind that I don't drink vodka and don't really like it, but then again, who does?
AAM: Oh, but what you are thinking of is that the progression back to the heart of One is completely linear.
One miracle at a time (with the exception of the twins!) God gave us eight babies! God has blessed us over and over again in many ways, and it is true that He has restored the years the locust have eaten. We eat in plenty and are satisfied, and we are again praising the name of the Lord our God, who had dealt wondrously with us...He has blessed us with another little one.
Ludhiana, May 4. Three years after over a lakh trees were axed and nearly two lakh plants uprooted for widening of the National Highway-I, Punjab is finding it hard to meet its afforestation target due to paucity of forestland. So much so that the state Forest Department was now planting saplings on common village land and in educational inititutes.
Hosea 4:6 (KJV)
All I had to say has been said.
will always turn out to come not true.
Once the leg staples are permanently affixed, your lower extremities are forever shunted to a parallel reality where they, frozen in time, will no longer interfere with this season’s fashions. This will also increase blood flow to the face and hands, causing intense swelling and the growth of unicorn horns, which four of seven Minnesotan cattle masseuses agree is medically acceptable. You don’t have to take “no” for an answer — demand that your doctor stuff your stocking this year with a pair of Static State Stockings.
How do you fit writing into your schedule alongside the demands of work and family life?
Two days later, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) declared short-term deals a non-starter and said “there are no votes” for any grand bargain including higher tax revenue.
“He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God. So he waited, listening for a moment longer to the tuning-fork that had been struck upon a star. Then he kissed her. At his lips’ touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was complete.”
That night the city will again turn into an explosive epicness of art and guess what; YOU CAN BE A PART OF IT ALL! You even get the chance to be a part of and start your own art collection right then and there! Costing you next to nothing; only €30 y'all !
Sterilise jars and lids and keep warm.
“Eat and enjoy” were the two key points we need to bear in mind, the program told.
Whisk two eggs, and 2 Tablespoons of melted and cooled unsalted butter. Add the eggnog and whisk, then add to the dry ingredients. Stir until just combined. NOTE: I don't overwork my pancake dough, because I don't want to build up the gluten in the flour. This makes pancakes lighter and fluffier. The batter will be fairly thick.
But I do find it interesting that Forster bundles up his desire to be “loved by” and “even hurt by” his fictitious young man of the working classes into one package. Whether one argues it as the physical interpretation of both “loved” and “hurt” (sex, and masochism) or the emotional (romantic attachment, and heartbreak), it seems he associates the two things closely with each other and looks to embrace them both. In the sexual sense this is a difficult conclusion for people to reach unaided now; in the romantic sense it borders on the chivalric and certainly demonstrates an understanding of how love affairs are prone to work (as one would expect from a good novelist: spend long enough looking at human nature for the purposes of reproducing it and one is bound to acquire a certain amount of insight into the natural course of love).
Not that I've ever spent all day coloring pictures or that I've ever built a lego creation.
I got to the location by taxi. I stepped inside the gate and it was a different world. Jakarta is just like any other big cities. Jakarta is very modern and you don’t see too many traditional or cultural pieces on a daily basis. Seeing and being in the Roemah Djawa was a whole cultural immersing experience to me.
After what seems like a very long time, I am finally starting to slowly get mobile again. I have received some absolutely amazing cards, and would like to share them with you. The first is from Tori - sooo cute.
also add a link to it in Inlinkz (please show a photo of your card) so we are sure to see it.
There is a singular, overwhelming downside to traveling alone. Yes, gas is expensive, but money is just an adult version of the most ancient of children’s games, “pretend.” Loneliness could be an issue for some, but I’m an introvert at heart and most at ease with a book or something to write with. No, in fact, people are the problem, not the lack thereof.
I've never had so many people notice me. On one hand, it's a bit creepy to me that people are looking at me...on the other, people's concern (I'm hoping it's concern and not nosiness) gladdens my heart. It means someone cares, right?
Sunday, flying out of Philadelphia, our plane was delayed of course. It turned out being a bright spot, because I was able to have the best beer of my weekend whilst waiting. Dockstreet Rye IPA. It was the best rye beer I have ever had. Go to Philly and get one.
so, she got a pair of scissors and just cut the poop right out. yup. the bottom of the onesie -- the part with the snaps that keep my shirt from riding up? cut it right on out. snip, snip. she then tucked my new "shirt" into the bottom part of my costume and happily declared "there!"
Kim Carnes Bette Davis’ eyes US
“It is therefore the right of the owner to allow or refuse anyone from using the property,” he told The Malaysian Insider in a text message.
OMF diamond-encrusted God. And, also, is Cracked not only written for 14 year old boys but staffed by them as well?, because holy shit. If you learned everything you know about women from a 15 second Zales commercial, you probably shouldn’t be editorializing about the fairer sex.
Last time I also added fresh parsley. chili flakes & sun dried tomatoes. These are all just optional to your own taste! But the cauliflower/ tomato/ olive oil is the perfect basics.
I called and called all over and waited weeks to hear something or find Sock, and as each day would come and go, more tears would as well. Parker seemed to be finding his way to our room every night and everything seemed off... Who knew an animal could really have such an impact on a little one? I finally broke down and had another one delivered...
This is why:
Check your quotations.
More of a germ of a sketch than a fully realized sketch. Characterization would have helped. By the way, the song was “More Bounce” by Soul Kid 1. (Was that song meant to make it an homage to The O.C. or something?) B-
It appears that the way of vEdAs, upaniSads and Bhagavad Gita, while still being in samsAra, is the way that this mind-body-self has set off on.
And yes, I will keep those ticket stubs as a memento of a memorable Birthday occasion
The family next door is still unwell. Pugsley made it to school yesterday - I'm not sure if he had to come home at some point during the day but anyway, he wasn't well enough today. Everyone has a hacking cough, a raised temperature and feels generally rotten, apart from Squiffany, who is fine. The Sage and I are also fine. Squiff came through for a while this afternoon, having a family who doesn't want to do anything much with her and just lies on the sofa coughing isn't the most fun for a lass.
Next time you're on the receiving end of social network marketing, stop for a second and consider whether you are being manipulated by weapons of influence. We've all been the targets of influence strategies throughout our lives.
Now start gluing each petal on top of the other being sure to turn them so they are staggered. Above you see two of the largest petals layered. I place just a bit of glue in the center then carefully place the next petal.
I've given you wisdom. (I Corinthians 1:30)
On a not-so-happy note, the strike in Puerto is going to be worse than most people previously thought. Here are some blogs to scope out..I’m sure you non-spanish speakers can translate them with bablefish or something. It is going to be scary for people who are there. I will keep everyone updated.
That type of bond could change the road ahead for cheetahs in Africa.
11. OPI Tease-y Does It (2)
I get asked for this recipe all the time. I think it came from my dad's side of the family, but not totally sure about that one. It's a little different than your normal chicken salad in that it doesn't have grapes. What?! I know! Shocking, isn't it? But I tend to make whole batches of it just for myself (hubby doesn't like any kind of salad with mayo in it... he's weird) to eat on sandwiches and/or crackers.
The easiest way to find it is to find either the Apple shop, Zara, the taco place or Topshop and you will see the bottle shop. Or, if you look for the massive Vue sign, you'll also find it. If you're by MAC/All Saints/AX then right above AX is where the shop is. If you know where the Nandos is (below the Vue) then you'll definitely see the bottle shop.
Next thing you know, it was time to meet up with Sarah and Robert for our cinco dinner!
Giant tape recorder audio logs Giant tape recorder audio logs
It connects to our master bath steam shower on the other side of the wall. It’s been hiding under my work table for several years now and while I knew perfectly well it was there and had no problem with the pan on the floor being under the crib (we rarely use the steam, it’s rather quiet, and very little water vapor actually manifests), I neglected to remember how big the unit is farther up on the wall, how wide it is, and how far it sticks out. It sticks out 7 inches. My crib has a slight sleigh back but not that much. If I set the crib out 7 inches from the wall not only would it look weird, but it would stick out in the room awkwardly. Hunh.
PRICE: Interested in buying this book (something I do not recommend for kids younger than the age of 10)? Amazon sells the very version I read for $6.24, with 43% of the savings. 83 new versions go for $4.08, 181 used versions go for a penny, and 11 collectible versions go for $7.50. Choppy prices to you? Barnes & Noble may sell it for the exact same price (with the same amount of savings), but the new and used marketplace version goes for only $1.99. There actually is one copy of the book available at the PDL in the Adult Graphic Novels section (also where Scott Pilgrim goes!) so make sure you get your greedy paws on it first!
-She loves to say "cheeeeeseeee" for the camera. Whether the picture turns out or not, depends on if she actually stopped moving to say cheese, which usually isn't the case.
One of the biggest arguments I hear from people who do not believe in God is: “if God is real, why doesn’t he show himself once in a while so that people will believe.” Or, “Why doesn’t he ever come down here and help those of us who need it if he is real and supposed to be so good.”
» 11/16 – Tampa, FL @ St. Pete Times Forum
Both ships survived the first half of the hurricane by running their engines at full power to help the anchors keep them in place. When the eye reached them, both captains decided to make a break for it, the Rhone’s captain opting for deep water, which is, counterintuitively, a safer place to be during a storm. Because the Rhone was deemed the worthier craft, all passengers from the Conway were transferred to her and tied in their bunks, as was the practice at the time during storm conditions.
2) Distilling each talk into one takeaway
I have this scene I'm writing in the current work-in-progress, and it's taking me a long time to complete. I'm not avoiding it, exactly, but I know I'm taking more time than I should, and only yesterday I realized it's because this is the last scene for a character I've come to really like.
I was so happy that I got to work with them for a Mother's Day mini-session. Both of these little girls are amazing! They put a smile on my face whenever I'm around them. And mama is a gorgeous lady herself--inside and out.
I hear the sound of tripping stream
her body with a broom in an attempt to get the demon to leave her, the
Take kindly the counsel of the years,
...is still something. When I was getting the picture ready for yesterdays post I did a little something else to it.
Heeeeellllllloooooooo Blog Readers!!! :) MY LAPTOP OVERHEATED!!! :( This is not the first time this has happened, but it is the first time in a long time, and the first time since I last got it fixed up (by my old friend Arthur, he’s a computer wiz, but I haven’t seen or spoken to him since leaving WP). What happened last time is it was a mixture of an accumulation of dust, and poor ventilation. The vents on my laptop are on the bottom of my laptop, so it can’t easily get air. Since then I’ve been extra careful. Seriously, I treat my laptop with more care than anything I own. I’m not normally so careful. When we watch House, and I set it up on my chest of drawers, I put it on top of 2 glasses cases, away from the vents, so air can get into it from underneath. However, tonight I didn’t check it properly, and one of the cases was covering the main vent, which caused it to overheat and cut out :/ It’s not a major problem. As you can see just by reading this post, it’s working again now. But I’m gunna keep my usage of it to a minimum over the week, use the main computer as much as possible, and then on the weekend open it up myself and try and get the dust out, without braking something ;) Tonight’s episode of House was the final one with Stacy :/ We finished the episode on Charlie’s laptop. Another good episode :) I was going to bring my laptop into College tomorrow, to help with the Geology revision, so we can look at some pictures of Geological stuff, in preparation for tomorrow’s practical exam :)
Largely should you neglect hpv warts and leave them alone, they will at some point subside for the most part after a number of years. Should you just possess a few warts on your facial area or on your the neck and throat possibly, then you might choose to go to a dermatologist and get the warts zapped or frozen. Worst case scenarios for instance lingering warts and warts that grow in regions which can be challenging to reach such us underneath your fingernails or toenails then you definitely should see a skin doctor.
Now, while that is getting nicely heated, start to mix up your batter. I use the measurements very loosely....no need to be exact!
The last appointment of the day was with the rehab specialist. She was very nice and the conversation we had was a good debriefing of the day. She said that even though she isn't a parent to a special needs child, she has gleaned from many interactions with parents that they want their children to be as independent as possible. She reminded us that Olivia is very independent in her mobility, through crawling and being able to drive her wheelchair. She said that as a doctor, she only recommends surgery if there is a high likelihood of providing better/more functionality for the patient. Risk analysis... And the tough part is that, with our mystery girl, there is just no way of knowing what the best option is. Then she said, "It's a leap of faith."
Glasses per case: 6
Lyke started Pints for Prostates after talking to a couple of editors at magazines where he writes. The idea was well received and he contacted Us TOO International Prostate Cancer Education and Support Network, a not for profit group founded and governed by prostate cancer survivors that works to support, educate and advocate for men with prostate cancer.
I plan on making the next best decision!
And it’s also about control. They don’t have the brainwashed control over large parts of the planet.
- Chocolates
RANDFONTEIN: Three school boys (16, 17 and 17) arrested for “race crime” and murder after attack on Modise (59).
1. Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees F.
As I said already, it seems as if you are always smiling and you have the sweetest giggle! Your ticklish spot is around your rib cage on the right side. Gets you everytime!!! You started "waving" at yourself last month and I think it is hilarious! You also pat me on the back whenever I am holding you on my shoulder, just as I do to you. You are still in Mommy & Daddy's room, but soon that is going to change. Daddy said it's time for you to get some use out of your crib, but I am sad to see you go. I know we will all rest better, I just hope you keep up your good sleeping habits! I love that you sleep late in the morning - just like your Mommy :)
GARROSH: Um…yes?
2)I am happy to be making money
“I don’t want to say anything until I know for sure, but let’s just say justice for Elvren’s death has yet to done.”
All of us have, I think, a little bit of the crow in us, the greedy raven. A little part that is attracted to shiny things, sparkling in the light. We want to reach out, touch, take them home and hide the precious things away in our nests. My inner crow has come out in full force today. Hard to resist all of these beautiful shiny things from Redemption Art, Absolutely Kismet and GMaEllen Crochet Gifts.
My biggest purchase was from a friend selling this Sit and Stand stroller for $30. I'm hoping to sell this for around $75. Overall, its in good shape and she still had the infant attachment bar, which I think is a good seller.
So… Jeremy and I took the Wednesday before Thanksgiving off of work. Drove to the east side and picked up the U-haul. U-hauls on the east side are an experience… and maybe not a good one. There is no U-haul place. Well… there are, they are just really few and far between. So when mileage counts against you, you end up choosing the place closest to you. Which for us, was some janky gas station on Fort Street in Wyandotte. Sigh. This man called my cell phone repeatedly asking when I would be there. This was in the days and hours prior to the time that I had indicated I would be picking it up when I reserved the truck online. When we finally arrived, he felt the need to razz me about not smiling at him… (1) you’ve been annoying me by calling me every half hour while I am driving 2 hours across the state and (2) you are explaining things to me like you think I’m an idiot. True, trucks are different than sedans but I’m pretty sure I can distinguish the gas pedal from the brake pedal and know how to angle the steering wheel so that I don’t hit the light post on the way out of the parking lot. So no, I will not smile for you. Jerk. Kalamazoo folks… we have it good when it comes to U-hauls.
75011 Paris
I just folded up a piece of baking paper and popped a Strawberry Shortcake sticker on (seemed appropriate to the contents, which were fresh strawberries). Two fitted in, and I popped a third one underneath the bag.
“Yes, I find myself in the absurd position of a man who has reckoned without his host. I have made all my plans for going, and have had my hotel bill sent to me in pursuance of that idea, and now I discover that I not only haven’t money enough to pay it and get to Rome, but I haven’t much more than half enough to pay it. I have credit galore,” he said, trying to give the situation a touch of liveliness, “but the bank is shut.”
Here is the lovely sketch by Cathy, I will definitely be using this one again! Make sure you check out all the fabulous cards by the Sugar Bowl Design Team on the blog, if you are inspired to take part, you may win some gorgeous Sugar Nellie stamps.
I decided to walk around a little bit before I get in the tub because I didn't want the tub to slow things down. Well I really didn't have to worry about that! Once I get in the contractions start coming every 1 1/2 mins apart lasting for 60-90 seconds each. Each one is stronger. The first hour in the tub is great, Davey is timing the contractions, we are listening to my iPod iHypnobabies and I'm just so excited I am doing this natural. The contractions are getting strong. Still manageable, but much much more painful. At this point I'm hoping they aren't going to get much stronger because I'm barley cooping.
* One night, they played "Unconditional Love," a game where half the kids close their eyes and the other half goes around hugging people. Then they switch. It's evidently pretty cool, because you don't know who's hugging you, so you just relax and accept the hugs without the pre/misconceptions of identity.
And bound together with one hair of my head.
Kim Messinger, Janine Boyer and Shirley Brosius had a common bond of Christian service when Christ drew them together for their first small group meeting in January, 1998.
Buster loved her. I’m sure he felt that we’d brought her home just for him. At the time we had no intentions at all of raising puppies; in fact, for some reason the possibility never even occurred to us (stupid, I know). But on July 5th, 1995, Gabby had her litter of ten healthy, beautiful pups (her last litter, because we spayed her as soon as possible afterward). Since we couldn’t possibly keep all ten of them, we settled on just one — Pinkie.
Even if you think someone was mean to you, being mean back is not a safe way to handle the problem. Instead, get help from an adult you trust.
The entire four-book collection is called the Twilight Saga. All the books in the series follow a “forbidden fruit of love” theme between a human teenage girl (mortal) and a "vampire."
Day Ten. After my two restful purple days, we stopped by Sheriff Karen’s Eurocrime Jail to bail out My Favourite Character from the old West. He is now riding along with us. He has 5 Christian names & 1 Silver Tooth. He wears his gun around his neck but uses belt AND braces to hold his pants up. And he just ate the cheroot I offered him. My stagecoach driver Douglas says he “stinks like a pig”, but I kind of like him. I wonder if you can guess who he is?
6 April - House rises for recess
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Hail Brau
The article said that People was taking both inner and outer beauty into consideration.
I'd give you a quick tasting note, but we're cleaning the oven right now, and all I can smell is burnt sugar and meat drippings, so I'll put that off and add it tomorrow. Meanwhile, as I said to Cathy when I pulled this out of the box and caught the name...we've moved the earth. Okay, we've moved American craft brewing. If Boston Beer makes a Samuel Adams label out of a type of beer you've been championing, that's a good day.
That cursed grim reaper
Behe’s book was a serious blow to Darwinism. In fact, Peter van Inwagen, Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame, stresses the importance of the book in this manner:
“Transformational Life Mapping” with Tina Amorok (part 2 of 4)
Pros – The game is very well thought out and is great fun, especially since it is a little bit silly and is certainly not meant to be a tournament style game, although Deathmatches could be Good.
Ora vi saluto e vi auguro un fantastico fine settimana.... il mio lo sarà di sicuro!!!!!
what will happen tomorrow.
My baby is turning three tomorrow. I can't believe it. The time has flown by, yet it feels like ages ago that I held that little, calm bundle in my arms. Having him sick reminds me that I won't get to hold him like this much longer. He is already so long!
from everybody tellin’ me what I’m suppose to believe.
So raise a glass with me to toast the New Year, the year of the Olympics and the Golden Jubilee, and most importantly, the year when I achieve at least some of my goals. What are your resolutions or do you not make them? What would you like to achieve this year? If you fancy some company on the journey, let me know.
It’s important to note that Wade came into the fight with a record of 0-1, and he was knocked out in his only previous fight. So it’s not like Kimbo beat a particularly impressive opponent. The fact that Kimbo was fighting an 0-1 fighter at a casino in Oklahoma on a card that wasn’t even televised indicates that promoter Gary Shaw knows Kimbo has a long way to go before he’ll be a legitimate fighter who’s ready for public exposure.
This time we did creep across the open pasture. They were milling through reeds and other tall grasses and didn’t pay any mind to our advances…we actually trotted to them. I did have a different issue this time. Expecting to guide more than shoot, I only toted along a handful of .223’s and they were gone. So I swapped out to my Marlin Guide Gun in .45-70 which isn’t exactly a long distance poker. Unfortunate because as we stalked up to the herd of young sows, a giant swagger of a boar appeared from the woods.
Puerto Chacabuco – very small town, we got a taxi and rode to a waterfall, looked at a cool pedestrian bridge, played in the river…
(3 gifts in the kitchen)
Michelle Lewis – ScooterFood founder
When they get there, St. Peter says,
So there it is - mission drainpipe duck success
McCain/Palin ticket and start being for the Obama/Biden one.
of the living?
We needn’t have worried about not being seen by the local drivers, obviously cycle tourists are not quite so common in this part of the world as I expected. In the end we were more concerned about causing a crash than being part of one. Wahoo…Chelsea score…this soccer stuff is more exciting than it seems.
Suddenly Todd’s face cringed with exasperation. Everyone else started laughing.
I hesitate to post this. I don't want to appear judgemental or create a forum for hateful comments that so often follow such an emotionally charged topic. But it's been on my mind. A lot. The topic of home births is everywhere I look. Because I work so closely with the bad luck/bad choice moments, I felt compelled to say my piece.
Kenny pushed her back. “Sit down.”
Many evangelicals today consider homosexuality as the greatest threat to our society. God destroyed Sodom and Gomorah, right? No society in history has ever been established on the premise that marriage could be defined by anything other than a man and a woman. Well, I’m here to tell you that this is not the most destructive culprit in our society today. The truth is, this is just another sin that is given more attention than it deserves. The real problem is that we have lost the spirit to defend each others rights. We are more focused on defining marriage (in essence a limitation of rights) than demanding the government cut back on our debt.
13. See You
I'm sidling closer to carry on inhaling.
Step 2: Add peanut butter to butter mixture and mix well.
Mommy Dearest Style
Ok. So, if you're wondering, No - you absolutely do not have to have anything to talk about to write a blog post. Case in Point. Here.
Now I am one of them.
1…2..3..4..
To make a profit for the organisation that sponsors the prize. This may be a commercial venture or a social enterprise venture.
Please contact us here at papercraftstar@yahoo.com with your choice(s) by number. Well done !!
Our next place was bigger but it was like living in a dorm. We knew everyone in the building. Remember Frenchie? Boy, he was a pain. There were wars between neighbours, friendships formed and people in my window - day in and day out! It was fun for a time, but we're much happier here.
The calendar is FULL of gardening information, photographs, useful planting guides and important gardening dates. This is THE BEST stocking stuffer, hostess gift, gift for a neighbor or fellow gardener that you will find in Polk County.
15. Cruel Way To go Drown
I dream your touch slowly moving down my cheek.
She wiggled around for comfort (rather too many crinkly sharp edges but not too bad if you get it… just so) and attempted to replay the sequence of events that were making her feel so unseasonably positive. Last night in particular had left her with a floaty feeling of happy nostalgia unswayed by the first fuzzy-minded knockings of incipient hangover and those all-too-familiar little ebbing waves of nausea that usually come with it, swiftly followed by a sickly acid taste at the back of her throat and, if she wasn’t careful, a spontaneous exercise in pavement painting, street art of the smelly kind.
Thankfully, he later agreed to read the rest of the book along with book two of the series. Stephen’s editorial diagnosis: the first hundred pages of book one had energy and the last half of book two did. He suggested combining the two books.
PS: ABC News also refers to these creatures as 'jihadis'. *Gasp* Are elements of the dinosaur media finally starting to catch up to Joshuapundit??!!? What's next? Using the "T" word?
54. Borat (Sacha Baron Cohen) – The balls in the face scene – perfection.
"One choice can destroy you."
No doubt Professor Joyner will soon explain why all of this information is irrelevant to Nifong’s case—along with how the joint censure from the Bar and the DA’s Conference is routine business. But few others seem willing any longer to adopt that view.
therefore HIDDEN
From an early age, reading has been one of my great loves, a passion I'm pleased to share with all four of my children. It's because of them, and only them, I'm about to embark on the second of the Harry Potter series, not my usual focus. It's been several months since I breezed through the first, may even need a refresher or possibly have Wallace bring me up to speed, he seems to have them all memorised, as do many other nine year old boys I'm sure. I've recently enjoyed To Kill a Mockingbird again, having read it now three times, first in Year 11 English, at the time a refreshing change from the heavy-going Macbeth.
Good luck in all your endeavors!
I’ve been doing some arty crafty things for a while (making beaded jewellery, doing some wire sculpture and the occasional watercolor) but I’ve been out of the habit a bit.
This will take you to a blog called The Great Leveller and talks about how to make a fix that allows people that currently can't, to comment on your blog. A lot of us find if the comment box is at the foot of your post, that 'embed' prevents commenting...but where the blog provides a new page with comments and comment box, all is possible! So if you wanna get a few more comments, this may well be worth the two minutes and two tabs it takes. It is a temporary fix....Blogger itself has to come up with a permanent
Charlene M. Proctor: Filtering life through “old programming” is a widespread experience that many people feel they are living life unconsciously. Their reaction to current day situations stems from past behaviors or experiences that prevent them from living a full life. Old programming is the carryover of emotional patterns. We inherit these patterns from culture and our families. Negative statements such as “you are not good enough” are examples. Religion is responsible for a lot of societal conditioning, as well as old traumas, dramas, or stories. This becomes a ‘knee jerk reaction to living’ and results in a person living on autopilot where every experience is filtered through old programming. Many people empty, automated, and “without life.” Like machines, people are meeting their needs by focusing on task lists, logic, achievement, materialism, doing and not being.
f) What do you do to relax after a bad day?
Documents from the Brooklyn Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), a lead organization of the Civil Rights movement, show that CORE organized a protest against Ebinger Baking Company, beloved for its Blackout Cake, because they used discriminatory hiring practices. (In 1962, Ebinger signed an agreement with CORE promising to be more equitable.)
For the Port Authority the no action alternative is unacceptable. Maintaining the status quo would lead to almost a 33 percent increase in traffic and associated costs in New York City, according to Laura Shabe, Port Authority manager of the Cross Harbor Freight Program.
Lots of changes are happening around here and one of them is the location of my office. For too long my office has been located in a room in the northern end of our home. The room receives little natural light and I'll just be honest, it can be depressing to work there. Natural light makes me one happy girl so I have decided to takes my business to the sunroom. The other day, my husband and I made a road trip to Ikea to check out the desks.
Sassoon was twice a guest on BBC Radio 4's Desert Island Discs, on 27 June 1970 and 9 October 2011, when he was also Resident Thinker on the Nowhereisland art project.
I’ve known people who have taken IQ tests in the past, and whenever I’ve asked them to repeat one of the questions, they’ve always drawn a blank, saying, “Oh, you know, they were…multiple-choice things.” Immediately after taking my test, I was hard-pressed to recall much of anything except the remarkable sense of relief I’d felt each time the alarm went off and we were asked to put down our pencils. In the first test, we were shown a series of three drawings and asked which of the four adjacent ones might best complete the sequence. In the second, we were told to examine five drawings and figure out which two didn’t belong. The third had to do with spatial relations and gave me an immediate headache. A break was called, and we stepped out onto the street. Hugh and Madame Haberman discussed her upcoming trip to the Turkish coast, but I was still trapped in test world. Five deaf students walked down the street, and I tried to determine which two did not belong. I imagined myself approaching the two boys wearing tennis shoes and pictured their confusion as I laid my hands upon their shoulders, saying, “I’m going to have to ask you to come with me.”
My Total Minutes: 281,364
And just this month, research was published in Drug and Chemical Toxicology showing yet another route by which aspartame damages your brain …
Now, some people are speculating that somehow some balls got deleted or somehow bugged or something. Theories abound about how this could have happened, and some people seem to think that one person who allegedly had only two available slots in his inventory was the cause of the problem, because if anyone threw balls at him, and there was no room for said balls in his inventory, according to the theory, the balls would have been deleted, and not added to his inventory.
Sometimes I'll be thinking, and a thought will cross my mind that I feel like can only come from God. It's the closest I can relate to people saying that they hear God speak to them. I can't say that I feel like I've ever heard God speak to me in an audible voice, but this seems to come really close. Today when I was leaving the gym, the words just came to mind: "I want to be your source." It kind of stopped me in my tracks and I was not sure where it even came from. But instantly, I felt peace. After a hectic and uneasy (and basically miserable) first day at school, that feeling of peace was overwhelming.
Sure enough I've had it confirmed that Amazon haven't received the disk. Melted. Gone.
..."OH MY GOSH! Ma'am, are you alright?" (as I was still trying to make sure I was alright and would still be racing in 5 weeks, I looked up to this kid...)
3. Danny Boy - The Chieftains w/ Diana Krall
Late evening walk in the cane fields with GG on our first day...waiting with HUGE anticipation for the arrival of the Atlanta crew:
We'll be back out soon and will be back at College Night in New Haven this Friday evening. Parking and menu details to come in a few days.
Eureka! I found it! More chocolate of course!!
I made pear butter this weekend. It is the bomb! The bomb! I went a little nuts and bought a bunch more pears. I was going to make more pear butter, but MightyMo asked me to find a recipe for pear preserves like his grandmother used to make. (A sign of his 'approval' of the stuff I've been making.) I am searching. I also will be doing more with apples. (see next blurb!)
Good luck restructuring your debt, Mr. Smith. And next time, don’t spend all your money on hookers and wingnut political propaganda.
As they spoke a commotion rose from the cell, then Derue backed out, his hands before him. Edouard followed, his pale face was red and he shouted and pushed at his brother.
Tonight was definitely a shocker. Do you agree with the decision the coaches made tonight?
Finally, I was not sure if I got mad about my situation, I have already been able to yell with my real voice, it was full of rage when I screamed “AAAAHHHHH!”, then I got the chance to get up for seconds, and laid back again. Even though I was relieved and I sighed heavily, I stared in my ceiling for a long time, one of my cousins was there and asked me why I yelled. I said I had an ugly dream, f*ck. It was my first time to scream my whole life out. I was scared I have to admit, it was life and death for me. I find this dream more horrible now compared to my previous nightmares I have had since I was a child, like I felt my soul had partially lifted out from my body. It still gives me goosebumps while I am trying to reminisce it now.
And now we've come full circle, as we end today with another bench redo, this one thankfully free of creepy cherub heads, although frighteningly enough, it appears to have been upholstered with a prom dress from the '90s. Zorrie from Let's Talk Chic must know what she's talking about, because now it's is the epitome of chic. To be fair, hunter green sateen was probably once the epitome of chic too. Those were different times.
Mix together eggs, applesauce, oil, sugars and vanilla. Add and mix in flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Next mix in the carrots.
There is a restaurant if you ever get to LA called Casablanca and they cook almost everything in beer. It’s a Mexican style restaurant and it’s a wonderful place everything is cooked in Dos Equis. It’s Casablanca on Lincoln Blvd... Everything on the menu is made Dos Equis. I’m not saying this because it’s Dos Equis, I’m saying it because it makes it interesting they cook everything in Dos Equis.
Bark.
“That’s what I said, didn’t I?”
Here's the first version. Well, to be completely honest, it would technically be the second; this was originally an old monotype that I decided to recycle. At this point, it still felt unfinished to me, so I made a few changes:
I'm there already.The books are pricey but if you're looking for a useful tax deductible present for yourself any of them would be ideal.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook turkey balls for about 20-30 minutes until they are slightly browned. Do not overcook or they will be too dry.
Her story was featured in SD news in the Daily Republic newspaper.
There is a stark difference between Protestant and Catholic believers. Many Protestant leaders are in the forefront of demanding ultimate punishment.
These nesting dolls are just one of the fun 3D projects on the Paper Play Cartridge. There are many others and all of them would be a lot of fun to make either for or with a child. One of the cuts is a 3D car that Blake has been having a great time racing around the house!
If you are already a Christian, no matter how many times you fall or turn away, God promises that He will never disown you, He will always forgive you and always love you! This is not conditional on how much we do for Him, but purely based on what He did for us in Christ dying for our sins. It is not based on how much or how often you read the Bible, but rather what the Bible says. That’s right, God’s promise doesn’t change or is not withdrawn just because we are slackers in reading it. Just remember that when we read it, we learn of God’s love for us and see how awesome He is.
What truly a blessing it is to learn from those who have spent much time at the feet of their Saviour. How much He has taught them, and how much they can share of His love through their lives.
For filling
A project is brewing in my head and, of course, I will share it as things come together.
Let's Party....
Firstly, the swatches differ significantly in fluorescent lighting versus natural daylight – I don’t know how my camera picked up so many “sparkles” under fluorescent lighting, but the lipsticks certainly don’t seem to have sparkles in them.
Instead, I am going to tell you that when we left home, Hubs had his mind made up that we were going to eat Mexican food. All day, I salivated at the thought of perfectly seasoned and grilled shrimp folded inside a warm corn tortilla with some creamy coleslaw to make the most awesome shrimp tacos. I wanted. I wanted badly. With beans and rice. Then, we got to the big city and Hubs decided he wanted pasta. So much for Mexican food. *shrug*
With the setup done in Sofortbild there’s a live view option so I can see what the live view screen on the camera will see although, bigger on the laptop screen. You can zoom in on this too so you can really nail that focus. Much easier than peering at the 3<U+2033> screen on the back of the DSLR.
The final session consisted of breaking into groups again and working on specific kata and techniques. It was quite beneficial to get the feel of the entire form (especially something like sogiri - five cuts that I find quite difficult as a beginner) as well as get specific hints and tips on the bulk of the Seitei gata.
However, it has not been forgotten in our annals of I WANT THAT NAUGHTY IN MY MOUTH (whoa), and so, as I stood in front of my stove with a whole butternut squash, a whole smoked and crockpotted chicken and a giant leek, it became the answer to the What The Fuck Am I Going To Make From This Shit? question.
“Fuck it. Just bolt a pair of jet engines too it.”
Announcement of winners will be on JULY 4
The photographs has few merits, excepting the fact that it records ….. an odd thing…. in a stunning location …. on a fabulous day.
BTW: When “Home Alone 2<U+2033> came out, Roger Ebert stated that “cartoon violence is only funny in cartoons. Most of the live-action attempts to duplicate animation have failed, because when flesh-and-blood figures hit the pavement, we can almost hear the bones crunch, and it isn’t funny.”
That's disgusting. Fear is not a weapon that has any place in education about our bodies and the misinformation that abstinence only education is spreading has obviously only done harm. Teen pregnancy and STD rates have gone UP in places that only use abstinence only education, and provide no useful information about how to actually protect yourself or your partner. No matter what you believe about the value of virginity or saving yourself until marriage, you DO NOT have the right to LIE about life-changing and potentially life SAVING methods of contraception or abortion. Preach all you want about the 'moral' problems with it...but do not present that view as the one and only 'fact' to be found on the matter.
We sit in holy judgement condemning those that stray
Moistness is now wetness
since I stopped doing my program. I have learned how to do things more SIMPLY.
Those of you who have been the vanguard of this movement have now entered a state of Being where your efforts are being supported by these new energies and you will find that it becomes a joyful service rather than a necessary chore.
The resolution will accuse Holder and his Justice Department of obstructing the congressional probe into the allegations that the government let thousands of weapons fall into the hands of Mexican drug cartels.
As a point of interest, the cheese I most enjoyed from my experiment at the Cheese Boutique was Roaring Forties Blue Cheese from Australia. This cheese is produced at King Island Dairy by cheesemaker Ueli Berger. I’ll explore this specific cheese deeper in a subsequent post. Let’s just say that one cheese alone made it worth the trip.
Thirdly (and finally), if you're in Worchester, Massachusetts, for Rock and Shock or Canton, Ohio, for the Canton Film Festival, don't forget that JustUs is playing both of these events! I know, right? Anyway, Rock and Shock is a horror convention with a film festival of the same name. Heather Langenkamp's film I Am Nancy plays a couple of hours after my film (teehee!) and Robert Englund's new film Inkubus plays a few hours after that! (teeheehee!)
This article taken via Fashion Files which is courtesy of Elle Blogs!
Just wanted to say that even tho I don't have the prerequisite hour it usually takes me to write a 'for real' blog post I did want to take a few minutes to tell you that things are looking up. I feel better than I have in a long time, thanks to some determined therapy, a slight change in diet and the addition of some all-natural supplements (ie I'm devouring animal glands and so forth. Honest. Ground up, freeze-dried, powdered-and-put-in-a-capsule animal glands. Among other things. Healthy!) The funny thing is, it's actually working. A few days ago An Incident occurred that as little as two weeks ago would have had me crash-and-burning, in a serious depression spiral downward. The moment came, I knew it was going to happen, I started to crash, I clenched for it and...
Mash Salt Additions
I get dizzy just thinking about all the levels of cinema legacy involved in this photograph I took on Saturday. Let me try to explain. Chiara Mastroianni is the daughter of legendary actors Catherine Deneuve and Marcello Mastroianni. She stars in Mathieu Demy's new film Americano. Mathieu Demy is the actor/director son of French New Wave directors Jacques Demy (Umbrellas of Cherbourg) and Agnes Varda (Cleo From 5 to 7). He stars in and directed the film Americano. The film also stars Geraldine Chaplin, daughter of Charlie Chaplin - got it all straight?
Some of the early external facilitation of Nile Basin cooperation by the World Bank focused on issues including the need to “level the playing field” through building national capacity and identifying national priorities, as well as correcting what it saw as “information asymmetry.” A second focus was to move from dialog to actions, within which there was a need to develop dialog on different tracks (for instance, information, capacity, technology) as well as to “start with the achievable and avoid getting bogged down in formulae.” This also sought to recognize that “progress on complex water systems may be slow, but dialog needs to be sustained and trust needs to be established.” Finally there was the aim to “seek opportunities for mutually beneficial programs or projects.” This latter concept of the “win–win” has come to dominate much of the thinking on the NBI, particularly in terms of win–wins in benefit sharing (Hirji and Grey, 1997°
Olivia was very happy to hear that I’d actually held St. Peregrine’s relic. “Touch me,” she insisted before I left.
So. Huge fan here. Just saying. Can't wait for the next episode (and dearly, dearly hoping that this vlog series continues through the whole book).
The best cure for pest and disease problems is prevention. Healthy plants resist disease and pest problems. So it is important to purchase plants and seeds that are disease and pest resistant. New varieties with resistance are constantly being added to the market.
The next morning the nurse came around the hallway desk and rapidly approached the teacher. “What did you do to that boy? … You don’t understand, his whole attitude changed after you left. He’s fighting back, responding to treatment … it is though he decide to live.”
Alright, I admit to relying heavily on my electronic devices as an external memory to remind me about the “nitty-gritty details” in my daily life. I need my iPhone to store all my contacts because I can barely recall beyond five telephone numbers, Facebook to remind me about my friends’ birthdays and my camera to record visual copies of my holiday trips.
Under different headings I was looking for the LA countries and I found the following:
And so we stood, champagne in hand, and watched god only knows how much of our taxes explode in a kaleidoscope of colours against the backdrop of the world's most famous landmark and the world's most beautiful city.
In 1970, Time Magazine concluded, “It is not too much to argue that American democracy is being altered by Alinsky’s ideas. In an age of dissolving political labels, he is a radical--but not in the usual sense, and he is certainly a long way removed from New Left extremists.”
Researchers concluded that, “even small improvements in your body shape are going to benefit you, with the ultimate goal of having the smallest waist relative to your hips.” They also suggested that health care advisors focus on central weight distribution rather than weight alone as a more precise way to identify at-risk patients.
The lyrics “Ya’ll gonna make me lose my mind, up in here, up in here” come to mind when I think of the old fart, windbag, homework machine. Walter told us today she is making him do his homework during recess while the other kids play. He’s started telling us he hates school and acting up before bed and before leaving in the morning. This teacher is literally undoing progress that we have made.
Romanian tourist now has his chance to schedule a vacation in his country.
Two boneless, skinless chicken breasts
Ed Bishop who starred in this actually lived in the village next to me when I was a kid and his daughter went to my school. You used to see him driving around town in his Hillman Imp. I said hello to him a couple of times in the Co-Op and the Post Office, but always went bright red so as I got older I just worshipped him from a distance.
Out here, not far from the edge of the world, the places where we work hide behind boarded windows that stare blindly toward vacant lots of asphalt, pocked with gravel and eruptions of grass. Several buildings have been bulldozed in the three years I’ve lived here. Several more buildings are in need of it. People rarely come to this small town, because they won’t find big box stores or departmentalized conglomerates out here on the fringe. And because we really have nothing to offer them.
Now, it is nine years later. It will be interesting to see if "9/11" is still a date wedding couples avoid. My guess is that most wedding couples still prefer that their anniversary not coincide with a date associated with tragedy. I myself am nearly sold out for Saturdays in September and October 2010, but have had only one inquiry for September 11 so far.
You see, I'm done with my internship, and done with school. Does that mean I have to get a job? I think it does...
I will post the winning teams and scores prior to the start of each game.
The Lord replied,
The problem with all those tried and tested means of eradicating large groups of people, is that it is almost impossible to hide what you have done from a world community, which, in the main, considers most forms of genocide to be morally unacceptable and a breach of international law.
For example, even before the 1Care programme is finalised, there are already protests.
So, how are YOU going to celebrate my Birthday today?
we are enraged to know that U.S. corporations are being funded by our
We had break dance today at school during P.E. It was funn! I learned things like six step and indian and what else.. well, a LOT anyway. It was great, really, you should try it!
The patent generally deals with an integrally formed combination of a motor device and a transmission device, having two power inputs (one being electrical) and a power output having a continuously variable speed of rotation over a large range. Claim 1 reads as follows:
By participating in Austin Twestival which supports charity: water, you can affect a change. This non profit organization is working with international partners including A Glimmer of Hope and Water for People to bring clean, safe drinking water to people in developing nations. 100% of the money raised goes to direct project costs, funding sustainable clean water solutions in areas of greatest need. Just $20 can give one person in a developing nation clean water for 20 years.
If you can be bothered, toast pine nuts, or almonds, as it was what we had, in a separate pan. Get someone else to lay the table, not forgetting a bottle of oil, a pepper mill and some parmesan and the grater.
I just don't give him enough credit. He really knows what to say... at the right time... in the right way.
"Oh, Chica, what is ya'll? It is just me, P. Anyway, you have come on good day, I am showing these P wannabes how to become a stud in the world of beauty and salon. Come sit here."
International Contemporary Ensemble
Islip, NY 11730
JORN 3 —
I hope you're all well; I have been looking in around the blogosphere and many of my favourites seems to have had a similar line of thinking and have since the election finished blogging also which is of course a shame, but I am happy to see many other favourites still going strong.
Breakfast By the Lake (find the mistakes)- More 365 Activities for Kids on November 27
She was finally relieved from her misery.
From Jamie: This is such a tough decision! I have about half-a-dozen beloved and dog-eared books that inspire me to be free, creative, honest, and confident in my writing. Because her book is the one currently within reach, I’ll go with Brenda Ueland‘s classic, If You Want to Write - A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit. Much more than a pep talk for writers, this book is a manifesto for releasing the creative spirit that lives inside each of us. Though it was originally published in 1938, it is as relevant today as ever.
-Add the rice and cook covered on medium flame until the water evaporates and rice is cooked.Add the fried cashews on top.
This category always elicits the widest, most fascinating range of choices. I gotta say, I look forward to seeing what everyone votes for in this category probably more than any other. What I didn't expect was that this would be also the closest category this year. Up until the end, it looked like a neck-and-neck tie.
door a few inches, and let the cheesecake cool for 20 minutes.
When we got home, I deposited boxes of tissue in both of our family cars. My oldest child might be three years away from heading to college, but I'll swear I'll get this prepared parent thing down sooner or later.
Her name is Rose Elizabeth
My favorite verse in the Bible brings this home…..
Richardo Wilson
“Could you please tell me why do the monkeys just eat bananas? The thirty-something mom asked while trying to take away the Nintendo her son was playing making him oblivious of his surroundings and what was going on.
1. Wolves In The Ruins
Assorted Flat Back Pearls
I enjoyed hearing again the wonderful snippets of Tabu Ley, ZAO and others in Maika Munan's song as well as the flute in the songs by M'Pongo Love and Ikomo "Djo-Djo" Ingange.
1 cup unsalted butter (2 sticks), at room temperature
First a gorgeous jumper. I’ve bought a few for her over the winter and they are lovely quality and wash well.
Melting Pot Seasoning (or any lemon/garlic seasoning)
The next morning I deal with the insurance inspection and the appointment is made for the following Wednesday, (to my relief) minus having to deal with the Shark Man.
We drove to Plano to stock up at Kegs and Barrels. You can either be proud of me or ashamed of me for only spending $45, including ice. But I didn't bring a large enough ice chest!
8.) The party mage begins making crank crystal ballings to random evil warlords.
A call to Tobi was in order. I absolutely adore her. She's done all of Izzy's photos since she was born. You can check out Tobi's site Zanteen Photography here, and her blog here.
I also wanted to get away from the idea of high-tech heists executed by brilliant thieves, the kind you often see depicted in movies and books. Let’s face it, if someone was *that* brilliant, they’d be doing something else with their lives.
I loved the Moravian Star fixture Kate found. It was the perfect accent for the subtle nautical feel. It was generously donated by Shades of Light.
I hope you all enjoyed our vacation as much as we did. Now to upload it to Shutterfly.
CAPD is to the ears what dyslexia is to the eyes. Children with dyslexia see numbers and letters upside down, jumbled, or moving around. Children with CAPD hear sounds, words and sentences jumbled up, out of order, and with some distortion.
We have at of scrap wood left over from various build projects, so this project was pretty close to free. Actually, it cost $5 for the spray paint and pictures.
All in all - the tiling was WAY harder than I thought it would be. Maybe not harder...but time consuming. And yes, harder. It's just not like when they do it on TV. Anyways...enough griping...onto the important stuff - was it worth it? (spoiler alert: hell ya.).
And subsequently decrease delinquency in later life
There are many relics, and potions, and treasures in the jungle, some have been left from years and centuries past, and few dare to enter to find any of them, as the danger is not worth the effort.
All's that left to do is to make something with this sweetie! Okay, that's it from me - I hope that all made sense. If you have any questions, leave me a comment on this post and I'll get back to you. Thanks for visiting!
The course helped me focus on what I wanted to write, and gave me ideas about how. It challenged me to have a go at all sorts of writing, and it gave me a chance to relax and have fun with writing stories as well.
If you are confused with the relation among Call, Dialog, Transaction & Message, you are not alone. Quite a good number of people get confused regarding the relation in the beginning.
I remember when I first met him. We both worked at Kmart in 2002. I was 17 and in my Senior year of High School, he was 21 and going to school at KVCC. Ill admit, I didn't really like him at first. I kind of thought he was weird, and he was older and not really "my type"....as if I really had a "type".....
To finish I just want to mention that the Brisbane Copic Certification in June is now Full.....however another one has been announced for October which will coincide with the Art & Craft Fair and I will be teaching this class!!! For more details go to the Copicmarker website!!!
My Generation
And I had snuggled my little brother
This is the Master Bath. There is granite countertops that still need to go in and a framed mirror above the vanity. I am in love with the Ann Sacks Penny tile in the shower and I gaze at it lovingly every time we go to the house.
Kopi Luak or Civet Cat coffee taking pride of place after all it did provide the inspiration for the name, this coffee is the famous variety who's beans pass through the digestive tract of the Indonesian 'Civet cat', the enzymes in the gut of the cat change the nature of the bean making it less bitter & giving it a smooth flavour. The Kopi Luak, blended with Jamaican Blue Mountain, Old Brown Java & Kenyan Peaberry made up the rest of the blend.
All along, since I arrived, there was always this guilt I felt while being with him. Part of me was constantly telling myself I didn't come to Europe for a romance, I came here to find a job and make a life. Then it occurred to me that maybe I got the order wrong, and that I was a fucking fool, because there are plenty of jobs out there but there's only one of him, and there's only this one moment right now that I have, for me.
Yesterday and so far today everything has been going really well. A couple of times yesterday and once today Nora took to breastfeeding!!!! I was crying happy tears to be given that opportunity. I had pretty much given up any hope of that when her feeding tube was put in. God never ceases to amaze me through this fragile, but mighty little infant. The only difficulty with breastfeeding is that we’re not sure exactly how much she’s getting and it seems to really wear her out. It sure is precious though!!
Nicolas Cage breaks out of Hell to save his baby granddaughter from Satanic sacrifice. He hooks up with a sweary, ass-kickin' Amber Heard and tries to fend off the cold determined might of William Fichtner, who has been tasked with dragging Cage back to Hell.
He’s a dapper gentleman, isn’t he? But it makes me so sad when he is out at sea and all she can do is wait.
Me: It was trash!!!
and those legs on the chair are pretty incredible too!
I think that's a horrible way to go about things, and honestly a very selfish way. People who are unschooling, people who have started or send their children to or go to democratic or free schools, people who are natural, autonomous learners of all types, are showing that the alternatives are wonderful. We're going beyond the theoretical and actually showing, through our lives, how joyous life can be without a coercive schooling system. To keep these alternatives quiet seems a gross injustice to everyone currently in the school system.
WOW! This challenge was a hit with you all ... we received 70 A-MAZING and beautiful submissions this week. I was afraid that this would be a difficult challenge for most, but you all excelled beyond my wildest dreams. Simply stunning submissions from all -- thanks to everyone who participated this week :)
Weight: 75.3kg
Embrace your changing rosters. They will make your guild a better place to be.
When paying for access, news sites, are very selective with who they hire and who writes what for the company. It is very popular these days and you can find out more by going to get a website that has an option called a pay wall that is they pay for access, because more and more newspapers are sending the tabloids out to the public online and this increases the chance of pay per access consumption.
the russet that finger paints westward skies
OK, that's it for now! I'm so excited and can't wait for June 1st! I hope to see you there and, just in case you missed it before:
Since I am on the subject of badass journalists (Nazaryan, Max), I might as well direct your attention to the (aforementioned) John Jeremiah Sullivan’s review of The Pale King.
Out of desperation, Wong drank his own pee and tried to carve “sorry mom” into his arm with shards from his glasses. (Since he survived kidney failure, I hope he makes a dark comedy out of this situation. Just kidding, that’s horrible.)
I'm off to get the last of Christmas decorations done.
Bake for 30 minutes. Do not over do it.
But back to the story. It’s a slow romance, and while Posey is cute, she isn’t a hottie. And Liam doesn’t immediately see her as some beauty. This is a good thing! Instead, he likes her the way she is but the attraction isn’t instant. And nobody ever pretends that it is. Liam falls in love with Posey as a person rather than through lust first. What I loved so much was that the characters were different…not really quirky-different just very real.
This was the second of Apollon’s additions to the list, as well as the one he wanted me to take the most note of: ”The people we keep around us often act as our advisors, so it is important to surround yourself with wise, witty companions. Those who will tell you the truth, and not what you want to hear,” he said.
Stress out of sight,
The Holiday Hop runs from 12:01 a.m. (EST) Monday, October 17, 2011 through 11:59 p.m. (EST) Friday, October 21, 2011. Winners will be chosen and posted here no later than 3:00 p.m. (EST) Saturday, October 22, 2011.
CC
Nicholas Royle – Anything But Your Kind
I am not a professional when it comes to the sales, although I have now come to realise that there are very genuine bargains to be had, especially in London in the summer. Fashion favourites that I coveted earlier in the year are now 50% off and will continue to slide as the month moves on. While the discounts are tempting it is finding the stamina to search that is the hard part....
20. NSFW Music Videos... Others have pursued the NSFW/ nekidness type-video theme before, like Sigur Rós last year, but this sure was the year for pushing the envelope. Yeahsayer had naked running people, Girls showed off their own penises, Major Lazer peformed dance-based sex acts minus the nudity while Massive Attack recently released a video for Paradise Circus with clips from old porn flics. Matt and Kim were the most original with their Times Square clothes ripping FU for Lessons Learned, but the best of the bunch was The Flaming Lips’ Watching The Planets... as much as I didn’t need to see Wayne’s Coyne, it was a fairly decent video.
One thing I can tell you- I am not alone. Which means you are not either.
The ribbon is from Wild Orchid Crafts, Vintage Seam Binding. On top of that I glued a nice, shiny button from The Hobbyhouse.
I have leveled several toons through the Panda starting area and created a pre-made level 85 to test out the level 85+ content. Overall, I have had few issue other than the Burning the Scroll quest, that everyone was stuck at for several days, and a couple of bugged quests, including one that is sometimes bugged on the live servers as well. Of course there are the times that I could not log in and the usual server disconnects that as sort of expected. The spawn rates on many of the quests mobs are jacked up high enough that there is usually not much difficulty in finding enough mobs to kill. In some cases when there are not a lot players logged in, the spawn rate is a bit too high and you have a bit of difficulty in getting away from the mobs. I have noticed that the class balance is off, even in the starting area but haven’t really played around much at the higher levels.
Now, I am not a thief either in deed or word but I would like to expound on Lynna’s use of “The exotic Country of Land Mines”. Please forgive me, Lynna, if I borrow your use of words for a moment. Here’s my Land Mine story:
This isn’t far from Blue’s intended message. I asked her the meaning of the hoop (the meaning of the act of hooping) and what her protagonist thought she was doing out on that wharf—Blue explained the character is homeless; it’s not easy for her to find completely private places to practice hooping, especially in St. John’s, NL.
The problem with these assertions that there are universal truths of morality is that throughout history, the foundations of these so-called universal truths have been used for justification for what we would consider atrocities today. What good is a universal truth given by a divine being over secular morality when, as found in the Old Testament (as an example), we find divine justification for genocide and capital punishment for seemingly (to us today) minor infractions? It seems that non-secular morality is merely justification for what we find necessary or useful at the time – whether its to justify personal decisions or social mores.
Final score: 20 out of 30 (not bad?), 3 1/2 stars out of 5, 69% out of 100%
Kristin Dunst and Charlotte Gainsbourg star as two sisters, the former gets married in the first part, and they are coming to terms with the end of the world descending upon them. A new planet is being seen, Melancholia (hence the name), and it looks as if it is going to eclipse planet Earth. There’s not really anything else to say, which was one of my main problem’s with this film.
Spring is in the air! Or at least it's temporarily hanging out as a little preview of what is to come. I keep getting caught out when I step outside each morning and having to run to a bathroom to strip off the multiple vests I've been in the habit of layering underneath my clothes. For some reason when it's really sunny on this campus, the light is particularly penetrating and since losing my sunglasses it's impossible to walk around without watery eyes and unavoidable Scream style facial expressions. This is one of the downsides to the sunshine. It is however putting a 'spring' (heh) into my step and making me want to buy new things. I fully acknowledge the urge to buy new things as 'spring fever' when the new magazine campaigns come out and chide you into thinking that wearing cheekily bright skirts and carrying a Christopher Kane clematis bag would just make things so much better. But it would, I'm sure of it.
What are we to make of this critique? To some extent he simply uses America as a foil for France. If Americans are moral, it is because they lack some aspect of French society that leads to immorality, but which makes the French somehow spiritually superior. As for his comments on American love – are European gallantries an answer to an American defect, and were they then? I tend to think not, and to see such elaborate and mannered rituals as part of the historical problem that has led sex relations to where they are today. If the Europeans caused a mess by overfeeding women’s love of flattery and drama, however, the extreme practicality of relations between the sexes in early America may also have contributed to the problem by underfeeding them. While game might be viewed as a kind of modern version of the European gallantries to which Beaumont refers, no amount of game expertise on the part of American men will fix our society without a fundamental shift in women’s behavior.
This is in tribute to the famous religious leader of the Buddhist beliefs who is Dalai Lama. He serves as the leader of the Tibetan Buddhism branch. Did you even know that Dalai Lama means the highest priest of ocean? An entire Dalai Lama tour would render you experiences of amazing trekking and see the most stunning and amazing places to give you more serenity and allow you to relax while keeping in touch with your spiritual side.
Previous spooky doings based around this art-rock oddity include: perfectly workable DJ decks going dead on the spot and flickery electrical faults and blow outs(captured on this podcast) - We've now become so superstitious about the tune and it's voodoo routines that we ran a should we/shouldn't we poll on Facebook. Of course the votes were all in favour of 'play not pass' - so, it got plonked on the playlist.
We had 8 lovely entries and the DT all loved calling past and seeing your creations.
Woman has a busy day.
Now with Sunny out of the ‘Bigg Boss’ house, the porn star has been devoting her time to the film. Both Pooja and Mahesh Bhatt want Sunny to strip naked for the opening scene of the film.
But it is unlikely that the authors of Gospel of Thomas, Gospel of Truth, Gospel of Philip, or the several apocryphal Acts ever wanted their texts to be part of a NT collection.
Goo: Not really. All I had to say I said on the witness stand. I stand by what I said that it was from me that the human race descended. Man came from apes! I know that is hard to accept. But it is true. Man is an animal! As I said; it all began on a far off distant shore after I met dear kind Mr Darwin. I slid out of the the sea and…
I did love the Mariachis outfits though - so marvelously OTT! I should have asked to keep one of the sombreros.
to open my hand
A Plug For a Friend and Colleague -
Optional: Optional only if someone insists on no thank-you note.
Joe mimed scratching a mini-turntable and they all fell down again.
The pills just made the dog tired, Katz said.
The crowd responded, “Hooah!”
As much as some might find The Edge to be a “one-trick pony” simply milking one or two notes and of bunch of pedals and effects, I can’t say enough about this guy and the soundscapes he creates. Bono, despite his out-sized melodramatic character, is a gifted vocalist and lyricist and the essential frontman head of this Voltron. Larry Mullen has always provided the tribal chugging beats with a simple but often-unconventional approach; and while I could joke that no one would notice if bass player Adam Clayton was switched out for Jeff Goldblum, his subtle work on The Joshua Tree is effective.
“Meanwhile, this could discourage many lenders from actively participating in the HARP program,” he added, “as HARP business could become less lucrative if rising prepayments lead to lower prices for pools backed by HARP collateral.”
7. Spending quality time with my parents on Sunday
I wanted to go through a couple of different burlesque/pinup looks and then cover one fetish/latex set as well, which we did.
“Surely you have been in a situation in your life where some sort of spell would have made it easier?”
After a delayed flight from Philly (panic coming in to Cinci, I'll have to run to make my connection to Lexington! ...which was about 30 yds. from my arriving gate. Sometimes things just work out), I picked up my rental car, got a quick lunch (felt like Mex, felt like BBQ, went Mex and lucked into a brisket burrito: bonus!), and then hit Liquor Barn. Hansell and I figgered we'd have all kinds of bourbon and rye available, but no one at these things ever has the beers we want, so we made our own plans. I got a styro cooler, ice, and a sixer each of Bell's Two-Hearted and Great Lakes Ed Fitz Porter and Dortmunder, and a bottle of Stone XIII Anniversary just for fun. All set.
For the first card I drew a double border with a thin black pen. I then centred a nestability die cut fancy label shape and drew around it with the same fine liner and coloured the negative spaces in black. I left the die cut shape in place as a mask and masked off the border with post-its. I stamped a penny black image from the "trims" collection in a variety of inks and added matching stickles to each as the image resembled fireforks to me and went with the celebratory feel of an engagement. I stamped a Waltzingmouse sentiment in the label once I removed the mask and finished by adding some square black gems to the corners.
Gillian has always come out foraging with us. When she was small, we had her in the hiking backpack. Now she is seven years old and while she may sometimes be cranky about walking, she still comes with us every time. She can identify many wild edibles with confidence, and has several favorites like wintergreen leaves, dandelion flowers, lemony wood sorrel, cattail shoots, and every berry available. For five years now, we have taken tours with Wildman Steve Brill, and his daughter Violet often accompanies him. She is just a little bit older than Gillian, and that girl really knows her stuff! Wildman is working on a foraging book aimed at parents and kids, possibly an app too.
traverse the surface and shiver
Some weeks I get a bit of time but most weeks it is just a matter of squeezing it into what precious moments I have, sometimes not till 8:30 at night. It is not easy having 3 young children, and having them quite close in age is even more exhausting in that I have really just had babies or been pregnant for the last 5 years. I am feeling like possibly things are going to get a little easier soon with one child soon to start school and one child having another day at daycare. Of course Jack will be a toddler soon though and drop to one sleep so I'm not really sure if I will have much more time!!!
Sigh, I love my fiancé and this will all get worked out and I have faith that the right kilt will be worn on our special day no matter what it looks like or what name it is associated with. So I’m going to go to bed now. Nothing more can be decided tonight.
Old people keep lists. It’s what we do. Lists keep us organized, productive and help us to remember things when our memory starts to fade. They also keep us organized. In addition to the standard “grocery list”, “to-do list” and “neighbors that may be communist sympathizers list” that you’d find in any decent American household, I maintain over 200 other active lists at any given time.
3 potatoes cubed in small cubes (bite sized)
So now I leave the kids with Mr Scruff and go on Saturdays. Along with every one else. Its a race to beat the 4x4 to the one parking space available (I always loose - its my good nature and battered Ford Focus that always lets me down), a clash of the trolleys, a constant chorus of 'sorry's, and 'excuse me's, a bum fight at the meat counter, dodging the dads with their Boden clad offspring (how come their mum gets the day off), the North London middle class buying their essential hummus and dinner party Chablis. And me wheel spinning around a breakneck speed fearing the Scruff household will fall apart if I don't return post haste. It's hell on earth.
To be in with a chance of winning please mail my teamie Tracy who is holding the fort whilst I am away on my holibobs......... ThmpsnTrac@aol.com with your answers to these two questions and all the correct ones will go into the draw.
Abigail has her secrets – and some of them are lethal. Abigails’ storyline lost me several times through the book; by the end I don’t think it was satisfyingly resolved or even explained. The main feeling I had at the end was confusion. I will probably need to re-read several times before I feel I have a complete handle upon it.
The frustrating aspect of the plaintiff BATA’s submissions is that its senior counsel Allan Myers QC (no doubt for sound tactical reasons) assumes without much reasoning or analysis that the plaintiff’s trade marks include broad property rights to use those marks on and about their products, rights which have been extinguished by the Tobacco Plain Packaging Act 2011 (Cth). The plaintiff then argues that the Commonwealth has not just extinguished its rights but has effected an “acquisition” within s 51(xxxi) in that the Commonwealth obtains a “corresponding benefit” through being able to use the packaging space vacated by its prohibition of display of the plaintiff’s trade marks for the Commonwealth’s purposes, namely display of anti-smoking messages, Quitline advertisements and deliberately ugly colour and design intended to deter smoking.
However, because those sightings have become so rare, when they do, I kinda go crazy with anger. Thankfully, the more recent sightings have been while we're both in separate cars, I have managed to avoid any kind of major incident. I really don't need a criminal record at this point, and frankly, I'm pretty sure they could all take me. It's not exactly a difficult thing to do...I'm sort of fragile these days.
Here is 1st Weightless Wednesday Numbers;
These are just a few samples of the many amazing pieces of jewelry that she has made.
Give it a try, promise you you will like it!
Yes. Nothing to pay. And she won't even take up much room on your kindle shelf.
The bed had silted up with thick, brown clay.
Night sweats. Heart beats fast.
So why, then, do we need a huge article full of what are apparently tips to get your boyfriend/husband/random UPS guy to go “OMG, you have boobs, that’s so hot!”? They’re boobs. They accomplish that just by existing. They don’t need a PR campaign.
Spilt Moong dal/ Split Husked Mung Bean: 1/2 cup
But being a sports fan has helped shape many parts of my life. Whether it has been the roller coaster of Hoosier Basketball the past four years, the roller coaster of Pacers seasons dating back to the unforgettable Reggie Miller days, or the anticipation for Andrew Luck’s joining of the Colts, these opportunities to show my pride are second to none. So to those of you who have a favorite team, or a hometown team, playing in whatever sport it may be…do yourself a favor and just believe they can win. Don’t try to get all factorial about a team for once and just join in on the cheers and chants and hope and pray for the best. It is worth it, I promise! (Take the all too, not quit yet overused, example of the unranked Hoosiers beating the No. 1 Kentucky Wildcats this season. Even if we lost to them in the Sweet 16 (then went on an won the whole tourney) it was still a moment of ecstasy I won’t soon forget.)
But tentative struggles away from her own limited life do occur. Indeed, they are the key to the book, and are generally inspired by Mrs Bridge’s friend Grace Barron. “India, I’ve never been anywhere or done anything or seen anything. I don’t know how other people live, or think, even how they believe. Are we right? Do we believe the right things?” Mrs Bridge might be wary of pursuing such questions far herself, given the unhappiness such introspection brings Grace. “Have you ever felt like those people in the Grimm fairy tales – the ones who were all hollowed out in the back?”
By vote, Pakatan Keadilan Rakyat owns KL today.
"Jail should be for violent people that we need to get off the street," not a place to merely sober up, said Councilman Ed Gonzalez, a former city police officer who has championed the sobering center idea.
Enjoy the rest of the Blog Hop!
The books have some pretty detailed sexual content, and a lot of it.
While its been heartbreaking having to give her back, it was more heartbreaking to see my little boy so unhappy. But I'm so happy knowing she is at the breeders with her Mum, she also gets to sleep with another gorgeous lab, gets to play with other dogs, and gets to work on their run.. so Im genuinely glad she is happy and being looked after so well. Thankfully we have been giving the option to visit her, keep in touch and possibly have her back further down the line.. If ever my son comes around to the idea, which so far he still hasn't :(
Kiss me Sixpence none the richer
When we act as a community, a community of the whole 313-million of us, we are all better off. Equality moves in the direction of balance, and greater equality benefits everyone. Rational protection of our life support system becomes the only possible thing to do. Caring for the wellbeing of every single person in our community becomes mandatory.
With lots of love
I will pass over in unaccustomed silence the curtain lecture delivered to the party who had obstinately held to the view that there would be buses that did not figure on the timetable - suffice it to say that this party was male - which probably rivaled in animation the conversation taking place on the pavement, and tell you instead how we came to be there, in a hotel in the back streets of Coca Cola....territory where no tourist treads unscathed, according to the guide books.
And I have run with my dog. Who loves to run, and waits at the door whenever I go out. Whines at the door while I am out on my long runs. And gets a few laps when I get back.
There’s this candlelight tour through historic homes in our area, and we’ve used the opportunity to attend to some home maintenance we’d been meaning to get to. I’ve also been reading ships logs from 1722. I’ve been working on this book for many years set in the first half of the 18th century, and the plan was to have a chapter about that done and excerpted in the Paris Review by the end of the year, but the plan is shrinking.
22. Vinear's X-Out Session/Death/Life (dialogue) (02:51)
That’s one of the reasons why I referred to NASA/Trek. There are many other better works on fanfiction (e.g.) but I think Penley’s discussion of something as intrinsically ‘big science’ as the space race says something about the social arrangement of makers in late modern society. There is a danger that by focusing on the ways people make and remake some objects we further 'black-box' others. For example, I learnt how to knit from reading knit blogs. I can make a jumper. I can also blog about this on the super clever iphone I carry around with me. I don’t know how to make an iphone though, or even spin my own wool to make that jumper from. The latter is largely a matter of choice (I do at least know some blogs that’d teach me to spin and even what plants to grow to make my own dyes from, as well as a few people who have access to sheep for wool, or possibly even a llama). For the former though, I have no clue where to even start teaching myself, even if I did, the manufacture of an iphone is not exactly opensource. Most of the time, I’m ok with that cluelessness, it frees me up to be knowledgeable about other things, but it does also disempower me.
We settled on the obvious choice. Climate change! Because everyone loves to argue about that, right? Or alternately, to freak out about it and stock mad piles of canned goods and inflatable rafts in their attics? (here's looking at you, Mayor Bloomberg)
From the clever marketing department at Harper Collins (and my publisher I might add) comes Bookperk, a site that offers all sorts of books (many of them autographed) with perks in the form of merchandise and sold in a timely flash sale fashion. Below are a few of the items on sale:
899***D-IV/18/1985. “Ethics, Slavery, and the Constitutional Convention of 1787.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1989(4), above, pp. 696-716, and in Item B-10, above, pp. 51-67, 280-82 (1999).)
There may be a treat to humanity with advancements in artificial intelligence. According to some of the leading researchers in the field of biometrics, artificial intelligence, and computer science are saying that superhuman intelligence has not evolved. Dr. Roman V. Yampolskiy, a leading researcher has mentioned that the military industrial complex is investing billions in artificial intelligence research. Yampolskiy also mentions in an interview with Alex Jones of the myth that AI will be designed to be violent and aggressive, but makes good for a theatrical hollywood performance. But he knows that this technology can be catastrophic if left in the wrong hands.
For the cookies: Preheat oven to 350. Combine the cake mix, sour cream, eggs and dash of vanilla in a large bowl of an electric mixer. Mix on medium speed for just under 2 minutes. Drop the batter by the tablespoon full onto a lined cookie sheet. Bake for 10 minutes, let cool briefly on the sheet before moving to a cooling rack.
AUTOPSY - Dead As Fuck (Live in '91+'93) - Necroharmonic
One editor you do want to know is John Locke who here has gathered some great articles from the publishing trade magazines of the 20s up through the end of the pulp era. Together, the articles give an insider's look at the fiction factories that tried to sate the public's boundless appetite for reading material. The sometimes tenuous relationship between author and editor (and many personages in the book were both) is explored from both sides. Writers and editors express both admiration and exasperation towards the other party, usually with a good deal of jabbing humor thrown in. A publisher might have just a few pulp titles or up to dozens but was always on the lookout for the particular brand of fiction the readers of each magazine craved. A new talent was a discovery to be cultivated, and the goal of editors was to cultivate ultra-prolific authors that could become a familiar name fans associated the magazine. Of course, finding the time to do this while performing the daily tasks of sifting through mountains of stories while also seeing to the business of magazine production was difficult, and often communications were short and sweet. Sometimes the author might not get much more than a rejection slip. The editors make it clear that they have no time for handwritten or single-spaced typed pages or for stories that do not fit the genre and character of their magazines. This was a popular, money-making exercise, and good editors had a pretty clear idea what they were selling. A sharp author kept his eye on exactly what each magazine was buying and followed the trends. I daresay there's plenty of useful information in here for the modern writer as well.
"I mean, can you imagine," my Dad continued, "Ninety miles on a donkey right now? Do you even think that's possible? Ninety miles!"
So locked down below, a couple hundred feet or so under the walking feet of the evening dinner crowd, a man or woman could drown and die. No one would know nor would anyone probably find their bodies for a while.
For your baby’s safety, it has a 5-point safety harness and a detachable hood for when the sun is really shining down. The framework is also very sturdy and is quite resistant to damage. The material used in the stroller is nice and soft to make your baby more comfortable. It has four reclining seat position and three adjustable calf positions to adjust positions for your baby to sit down, recline a bit or sleep snugly. Another notable feature is the padded arm rest that adds on its appeal.
many a night and day
4. When it has doubled in size, punch the dough down and divide it into 8 equal pieces. Use well-floured hands here to prevent sticking. Roll each piece into a ball, cover the balls with a damp kitchen towel, and let them rest for 20 minutes.
Give her a big long hug
David Suzuki laments Tory-imposed ‘chill’ on green groups
Imagine that your client has suffered a crippling stroke or heart attack or has been diagnosed with cancer. Further imagine (and this will not be difficult) that your client’s medical and/or disability insurance are woefully inadequate and the bills begin to pile up like snow in a nor’easter.
Macdonald’s conservatism was undoubtedly of the 19th century British variety. He was a pragmatist. After confederation, it was unclear whether Ottawa could keep its tenuous hold of the Northwest, and BC was considering joining the US. Macdonald decided state intervention was necessary to build the railway and solidify Canada’s sovereignty from coast to coast. This does not mean he believed in economic interventionism as a principle. If there was a principle to which he rigidly stuck, it was that dogmatism should be avoided.
In publishing jargon, Romance is a genre and Horror is a genre, and you can't mix them because their formulas are opposite.
Ah, you know, I really sometimes struggle with posting something here as an illustration of what I'm talking about, because I don't want you to think that I think of myself as a "good example." For one thing, I know perfectly well that gazillions of you are a hundred times more whatever it is than I. (But it's fun to compare notes, right?)
What if we spin it a different way and say that Old Man Jenkins has always been a vegan, even before being a vegan was cool.. and he has a knack for experimental biology and cross-pollination.. and he is dedicated to creating an edible grass that can be grown in arid locations but that will provide the same nutritional benefit as a steak dinner.. it's so revolutionary that Countries in Africa can feed an entire city with no more space required than the size of a soccer field, something that already exists in Africa in abundance. HOWEVER, his "meat-grass" has been found out by the FDA and the Cattlemen's Beef Association, and they'll stop at nothing to keep him from successfully harvesting his grass, even sending in spies who look like children to stamp out his crop. So here is Old Man Jenkins, with the dietary health of the world on his shoulders, trying to stop an army of evil super spy-kids from stomping out the discovery of the century.
There were two tricks to this recipe:
Albert Renger-Patzsch (1 gelatin silver print and 1 book, 1928, 1930)
Dark wet fall weekends are perfect for family home life. We cozy up, bake, make, read, play, and spend time together. Science is big in our house - there is always something on the to-do list, and there is always a basket filled with something or other we want to play around with. Sometimes we do bigger projects - program a robot, make a solar oven, look through the microscope for specific somethings, test water or soil, see what happens. But sometimes the small projects are really fun too. And they are fun to repeat and even if simple they never quiet get boring (at least with my boys).
As wish fulfillments go it get ugly fairly fast. What about everyone else? The old Jewish ladies with their walkers, oblivious. The Russians and the Greeks and the Latino delivery guys. The ones without the “power assist” bikes are going to do just fine. For a little while. Until some asshole decides he needs to “borrow” it.
I've been haunted by the story all my life. Can you imagine? Having your home burned down and being told to just leave? "Go away -- you and your whole community are not wanted here"?
After sailing into Haro Strait, the wind came aft and we set the chute. We reached toward San Juan Island and then ran along it's western shore. We originally had planned to sail the longer, more conservative route through Boundary Pass, but when we passed Turn Pt on Stuart Island, the management started thinking about sailing the same route through the Gulf Islands that a lot of the lead boats were doing. Since we were at the bottom of the scoring sheet, a late decision finally prevailed and we headed east through Boundary Pass and into the Straits of Georgia.
Mass is sung after Terce. Where the rubrics are properly observed six candlesticks are placed on the altar as proper for a greater-double feast. The Mass is proper with the introit Scio cui credidi. The Gloria is sung, a commemoration is sung of St. Peter the Apostle. The Creed is sung and the preface is of the Apostles.
Subject: Re: Reply soonest and call me
There wasn’t much of a reason for this post. Just a lazy Sunday afternoon, some spare time, some spare emotions, and my wife discovering that Teen Mom is on Netflix (I can’t stand that show). I hope you are enjoying your change as much as I am mine.
SJ: I want you to tell me about this book.
Another major theme was the inequality in our current tax code. He used Warren Buffet’s secretary as a political prop to showcase this inequality in person. His argument goes that the rich need to be paying their fair share. Which to him means at least a 30% tax rate. Under the current system, Obama complains that Warren only pays a 15% tax rate.
Working with the development team, an intern will learn how a non-profit organization runs and gain experience in fund development. Duties will include letter and grant drafting, data entry, filing, researching funding opportunities, etc. The development intern will provide invaluable support to the development team at JCCCW. Must be very organized and detail-oriented. Experience with database work, specifically Raiser’s Edge, preferred.
1. The Artistic Ingredient: If your artwork could talk, what would it say?
My name is Miranda van den Bosch and I’m 47 years old. I have been drawing nearly all my life. At the age of 4 I was making drawings on a blackboard, but because my parents thought it was a pity that I had to erase all my drawings they got me paper and colour pencils. And I’ve never stopped drawing since. When I was little I used to draw portraits and Disney characters. After that I started to draw fairies and dragons. In time, I joined an art group and learned to draw nudes and still life portraits too. When I was in my 30ties I became interested in birds and started to draw them as well. And last year I published my first children’s book. It’s an ABC of birds and 26 birds tell you about birdlife in general. A good friend of mine wrote the text. About 2 years ago, I discovered card making and how I could use stamps with my colouring technique and style. I really enjoy colouring up all the cute images with watercolour or with regular colour pencils. Every week I discover new brands of stamps and I just decided to draw some digi stamps to see if other people liked them. A new world of being creative is opening up for me.
and write.
Everyone knows the key to lipstick looking lickable is a super smooth lip base; nobody likes flaky lips. As an avid collector of lipsticks (37 and counting) I’ve been a great believer in the age old ritual of tooth-brush buffing and Nivea coating, that is until I was persuaded to try something different and altogether more scrummy.
A few hours later, around 7am, the doctor checked me again. After four hours of contractions, I had dilated only ONE centimeter! And I still had seven more to go. I was a little bummed. The doctor estimated that I'd probably labor all day and deliver sometime later that evening.
DS7 only - "A Day to remember" by Jackie French
In Traditional Fantasy, there is no objective “outside” world. The world is a reflection of the psyches of the characters; the characters may also be symbolic reflections of the world. What occurs in the mind can just as easily occur physically, because there is no real distinction between the two.
Look at the precious little bag it comes with too!
For kachinas to be used in a children's book in this way is, in a word, shameful. Their use in this book is evidence that we have a long way to go in helping mainstream America understand who we are.
new-ish show on NBC about the lives of some theater people in NYC – we watched the first seven episodes during the day/night that we were sick and watched the remaining three episodes the next night after the kids went to bed. Addicted. So once we recovered that we got going on all the projects. We dove straight in and worked on everything all at once in hopes that we’d get it all completed
Letsoalo would not provide reasons for his being taken off the case, nor would he say who had issued the instruction for his replacement.
If you're in the area this weekend....be sure to stop in!!
We looked at a few restaurants, but ended grabbing the most Spanish food you can eat. Forget paella: We got kebabs.
at least let me call off before they call me
And yet here I am today, doing exactly that which at one time seemed unthinkable to me.
I offer a simple Paypal Option for those who enjoy my findings and are able to help !
Funny, after having had such a long pause due to trying times, I have come back with this need to channel kindness and the Christmas spirit. Believe me, it has not been easy and I really have to try to take my own advice to my kids. The world is not always fair, bad things happen to good people and sometimes you just have to turn the other cheek. I have to say that we have been fortunate and have much to be thankful for. Good things have come our way and that is what matters most. It is not my place to punish people, sadly many of them do bad to others simply because they feel bad about themselves, and so should be pitied.
Kate Spade Socks- I always need socks because inevitably my feet get cold. During the summer I bring a pair strictly for flight time- I don't care if they match or not, my feet will be warm.
I think what struck us the most was the students’ enthusiasm and confidence when discussing their research and process — and how using DH they were able to go “beyond” traditional scholarship. For most of the students, this was their first time using DH tools and methods. It was also great just to see examples of DH work in action. As Eric pointed out, examples like these make the concept of DH more concrete and demonstrate a need for infrastructure and/or centers to support students and faculty working on digital projects.
FRANZ LOPEZ: I’ve known you since 2008 but it was only now that we’ve actually met and I mean it when I say I’m very thankful for you and Aia for bringing happiness to my life. I’m thankful that God chose you and Aia to be the bridge to the wonderful friends and family I have now. I’ll forever be grateful.
- olive oil, if needed for texture and/or for drizzling
In the hands of skilled technicians and experienced radiologists, obtaining medically necessary studies remains safe. What may be needed is a realization by all involved that the more exposure we have the more risk we experience. For this reason, I will be giving my patients a radiation exposure history tracking card for their wallets. Each time they have a medical x- ray I will be asking them to record the date and type of procedure. This will include dental x-rays (0.005mSv or 1 day’s natural exposure level) and all other procedures so we can track annual exposure and consider alternative diagnostic options in those with large exposure numbers.
was a big heart: Abelardo’s. At the end of the 60’s and the early 70’s, Abelardo’s view of Chicanos and mine were identical though I expressed my view principally in prose. After World War II, during my studies at the University of Pittsburgh, I had aspirations to be a poet. I wrote much poetry during the 50’a and in the early to mid 60’s read my works with many El Paso poets including Abelardo Delgado and Jesus Rafael Gonzalez. And though I joined Cesar Chavez’s efforts early in the 60’s, I was not a Chicano poet -- I was a Chicano
cyng1 at me dot com
But if the same values have been consistently understood over the ages to say that sexual activity belongs within the lifelong marriage of one man and one woman, then moving away from that is something that can only be done with great care, and with some sense that we are genuinely not changing the Biblical faith but understanding it better. The Christian church worldwide is right in the middle of this debate, and the Church of England still stands by its inherited understanding of marriage.
Fitted classic jacket?
The Theory of Evolution is an interesting theory, and I am not saying it could be untrue. But it still lacks just as much evidence as creationism. Ignorance is saying I know, reason is saying it’s a possibility so lets see if we can put it to the test. Listen to yourself, your being irrational and ignorant. Just because someone believes in creationism does not make them a ignorant and stupid individual. Just as much as someone who wants to believe in evolution is not an ignorant or stupid individual. Its the one who is unable to recognize either as a theory and a belief and unable to show respect for reason. You do not know which is true. You’ve only decided which one you think is true.
God’s grace…..”charis” in Greek….what we don’t deserve, a free gift….It’s absolutely mind-blowing. Psalm 84:11- “For the Lord God is a sun and shield; The Lord will give grace and glory; No good thing will He withhold from those who walk uprightly.”
Well, I’m giving my support to the Bersih movement. I realised I was really shallow up till now to not bother about politics back home. If I want to shape my own country, I definitely would want it best for my children, and my grandchildren, and their grandchildren.
I only knew that it was scheduled for demolition in January. I drove by one night last week and saw an empty space in the park, covered with snow.
Iris, then, is not at the asylum because she is crazy. She is there because she defied her husband. Other patients at Sanibel Asylum really are there for a reason. One is Ambrose Weller, former Confederate soldier. Ambrose fights very real demons as he relives painful memories of the death of his best friend. Cowell treats Ambrose with laudanum and directs him to think of the color blue in times of distress. “Blue. Blue like a marble. Like cobalt glass…Like ice in a beard…Like the stained glass windows of a church.” Cowell feels he is making progress with Ambrose, or at least until Iris’s arrival.
Christian Endeavor, however, was far ahead of its time in seeing a practical application of the power of God to produce miraculous cures in our lives. To be sure, however, one cannot ignore the great contemporaneous cures effected through work by the Salvation Army as reported in Harold Begbie’s famous Twice-Born Men. The work of the Oxford Group and of the Salvation Army are not the subject of this article. But I will point out (since it might bear on Dr. Bob’s own cure and views about God as the source) that Christian Endeavor spoke glowingly of Dr. E. D. Starbuck’s cure remarks, published in his title, The Psychology of Religion; and also of the work of Professor Coe who confirmed it.
Chassis / engine: FW34-01 / RS27-5341/1
As the daughter of a man who started and ran a tennis club till he died (Max Skenazy, Northbrook Racquet Club in Illinois!) , I’m hoping this suit will be tossed out of both courts — both tennis and legal. – L
Perhaps. Perhaps he could just stay within the water. Yes. Beneath the water. Forever.
From the lovingly detailed pirate ships to the cobbled streets of Victorian England, Aardman’s stop-motion animation renders a wholly convincing, endearing world whose scope and detail are enhanced by subtly used computer graphics, which beautifully complement the animator’s eight-inch high Plasticine models.
It talks about comfy clothes, pillows, a going home outfit for your baby, snacks. Well my friends. No one told you about the after-birth checklist. In fact unless you have that really good friend that tells you what your body is like after giving birth and it's your first. You have no idea!
Stay posted (or subscribe) to see pictures of the finished set before anyone other than me gets to touch it!
now we all get that,
“What’s your name?” Ted sighed.
A “lean” sandwich. The schnook next to me ordered it. I told the counterman to let him try a piece of juicy for comparison, and boy did he regret his ordering decision. For 14 bucks for a sandwich (and if you know what is good for you, tip the counterman an extra $2 while he is slicing your sandwich and you’ll be happier) you had better get your money’s worth!
Kazanski played for the Phillies from 1953-1958 and his career stats include an average of .217 with 14 home runs and 116 RBIs in 417 games. I plan to get this card shipped to me right away and hope to get many more of these inserts.
The Studio is built in a small converted swimming pool, built by an Icelandic enterpreneur in the 1930s. The house has been completely refurbished to accommodate its new purpose.
Freshly ground pepper to taste.
We had some snow while in Almaty so the trees were just lovely. Here it was the end of March - and it's snowing. All the time we spent in Kokshetau in January and February and we got minimal snow but we go to Almaty for three days and we get a couple of inches of snow. It was pretty warm so it would be melting in a few days. But it was fun to watch it snow and see it glisten on the trees.
And he moved the forth string from his harp crying out and saying: Virgins shall enter to the king after her (Ps. 45:14).
Corporations are not People - True, they are a legal fiction that management hide behind so they can blame their actions on the Share Holders. I have more than a few problems with the legal fiction of the corporation. I understand the need to sell shares to capitalize, and the benefit to investing, that's the good side of a corporation. The bad side is the way they get used. The company builds a product they know is faulty, but they do it anyway because the potential profits outweigh the potential costs of lawsuits, and there is no personal liability - so why not. Small corporations operate in a fraudulent manner, file bankruptcy, fold up, and start over with a new name and the same criminal practices.
“What are you doing Thursday evening”. I had a function to cater at the Club.
These rifles are very rare, very expensive, and very specialized. They are not in common use by any stretch of the imagination; but they are out there.
But it is not natural. It is not inevitable. It is not "self-evident." In fact, if you look at the history of civilization, what you see is a glaring lack of liberty and equality all over the world and as far back as we have historical records. And unless those liberties and equalities are protected and defended, they will be lost. Really.
Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 may not play in actuality the aloft way the aboriginal bold did, but the new yield on the blueprint is a fun and auspicious one. The touch-screen controls are simple to get a handle on, and with added than 80 altered stages to play through, as able-bodied as the architecture mode, you’ll acquisition yourself with affluence to do. It’s artlessly a abundant time for Mario admirers and addle admirers alike.
He went around to the side and was halted by a tall, thick woman with short cropped black hair and likely more muscles than he had. She wore jeans and a T-shirt and looked more like a wrestler than a day care worker.
“I don’t know,” the other boy said from atop the monkey bars.
Of course the cinnamon roll is delicious and a showy presentation in itself, but for our family, the tradition of making it together means much more.
“I haven’t found out what ‘retch’ means yet, but it’s a good word, I think.”
Therefore, behold the fruits!
Happy Birthday to You
From a man to an animal to a fairy.
From the mill to the mash tun to the lauter tun to the kettle, we ended up in the middle of the 200bbl brewhouse. The facility is kept immaculately clean. Each walls is adorned with images of the brewing process. The bodies all feature the same guy but each “character” is representative of a brewery employee. The attention to detail is evident everywhere you look. Another key to Sierra Nevada's success is their insistence on using only whole hops. We saw tremendous stores of hops as this format requires much more space to store than pellets (or dare I say...extract). I believe the use of whole hops adds a wholly unique character unobtainable with a processed product. We then traveled underneath the brewing vessels and saw the large hop strainer required to remove the whole hops.
And there were plenty of laws at the time restricting automobile use in ways to ensure that those whom still depended on the horse were not adversely impacted. Speed limits in cities, for one example, which were enacted not to spare the feelings of the horse, but to ensure safe travel in an environment where automobiles and horses were in close contact.
As Louis explains: "Aerodynamics and physics are incorporated into the design. More cables were needed for Big Bird, causing him to have a bigger than usual head and shorter- and smaller-than-usual legs. I resculpted the balloon to give it more balance and everyone was happy."
Now for the slightly less condensed version:
I have some quibbles. I might have made the master bedroom ten feet longer, but I understand the architect’s idea, I think, which is that the bedroom should be a protective space, not an airplane hangar, and besides, there’s a huge sitting room if you insist on space. The land itself, while beautifully landscaped, backs up to those two failed spec houses which were carved out of this property and built on S. Baldwin Farms. Eventually they will be finished and occupied or torn down, I suppose, but until then, you have a question mark as a neighbor.
Today, on this island, a miracle happened: summer came ahead of time. I moved my bed out by the swimming pool, but then, because it was impossible to sleep, I stayed in the water for a long time. The heat was so intense that after I had been out of the pool for only two or three minutes I was already bathed in perspiration again. As day was breaking, I awoke to the sound of a phonograph record. Afraid to go back to the museum to get my things, I ran away down through the ravine. Now I am in the lowlands at the southern part of the island, where the aquatic plants grow, where mosquitoes torment me, where I find myself waist-deep in dirty streams of sea water. And, what is worse, I realize that there was no need to run away at all. Those people did not come here on my account; I believe they did not even see me.
d = 293.66, g = 392 = I want
Why is it that almost no prosecutors are disciplined for procedural errors or withholding evidence?
1 gm epsom (1/8 tsp)
01. Town Of Children's Blocks - 4:58
From the US, here is a blog entry from Dr. Phil Maffetone about the new no pain no gain trends. Very interesting look at what’s better for you, slow or fast. Easy, he says to do it all!
There were lots of good things that I did do….made a healthy dinner for my boys, we did homework together, we read a book about Kipper and one about an Owl and I even washed the dishes .
“I’ve always been by your side and I thought I would always be number 1 but since you want to be next to someone else instead of me, someone else has become your number 1. It hurts a lot, it’s so hurtful I can’t even breathe.”
Level 13: MP Cost: 24, Damage: 275%, Number of Attacks: 4, 23% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 13% for 66 seconds. The last attack is critical.
The work I have studied has evoked in me a range of emotions from appreciation of a loving relationship, to shock and near disgust at debauched behaviour. In this respect the artists have probably succeeded in their aim – to provoke a reaction, to make the viewer think. Each viewer of these images brings their own experiences to their perception of what is being shown. The work of these photographers share many common elements but all have been successful in evoking some emotion in the viewer. My personal perception of the scenes I have been shown has forced me, in some ways, to view things differently.
I’m going skydiving. I’ll be 85 at the time, that way if I die on the way down at least I’m going out like a 85 year old badass. Can you imagine what the first person to do this must have been thinking when they jumped? Probably something along the lines of ‘Why, oh why, did I think metal would make a good parachute?’
I've never been good at tolerating the shortcomings of others. This is not because I think I'm better than they are (well, sometimes it is), but because I simply can't take certain things. (Ironically, this is seen as a serious character flaw to many others.) I admittedly have too many deal breakers. I suspect part of this is due to the fact that I grew up in a family and culture where it was not odd to hear someone scream, 'YOU'RE DEAD TO ME!!!', at least five times a year for any degree of issue. Anyway, it's caused me much loneliness in my life, but age has taught me to be forgiving and tolerant of a person's _______ (insert relevant attribute here), so long as the good outweighs the bad. Learning how to do that has made it possible for me to have a small number of lasting relationships. I really don't need, or even want, more.
Tales for the Telling: Irish Folk and Fairy Stories by Edna O'Brien
This brings me to possibly the biggest douche of the Ghost Hunting world. And that man is Zak Bagans: Ghost Puncher.
The Trappist Cistercian monastery of Grottaferrata (moved to Vitorchiano in 1957) was governed by Mother Maria Pia Gulini (1892–1959), an intelligent and discerning abbess with a broad vision of all things Catholic. She corresponded with the Abbé Paul Couturier (1881–1953), the Apostle of Christian Unity. The Italian abbess nurtured a passion for Christian Unity and communicated that passion to her community. Maria Gabriella was receptive to Mother Gulini’s spiritual teaching. Inspired by the Holy Spirit, she asked permission of her abbess to offer her life for the Unity of Christians. The Father accepted her offering, drawing her into the prayer of Christ and into His sacrifice.
There is, and always has been in our industry a subject-object between what people say they're going to do and what they actually do. There is, always has been, always will be a purgatory between the talkers and the doers. Between pontificators and pen-to-paper-ists.
So, I'm taking a breather for the next day or so. I plan on learning to relax.
Leaders cannot lead from behind. If you are in a leadership position, you must not only be willing to go before but you must be the first to venture into new avenues.
The dogs are still tired after all their activity today which is good for me as they aren’t whining to go out. Isabel came out and ate some of their food so threw up gross stuff instead of her normal dry vomit. Ugh. I get so tired of cleaning up after the animals some times. Soon as the weather stays nice for a longer period of time, I’m going to cut Bennie’s hair way down because he sheds so badly. Isabel sheds a lot too despite brushing her.
Second, my tax dollars go to help her feed her two litters of children, which sucks ass.
…is really, once you get into it, about anywhere and generic terms quickly take over:
To wholly stay right here
(gardenhistorygirl detects a bit of suspicion of the nefarious park department there), and her photography was part and parcel:
That's when Coraline decides she would rather have her original life. "The needle's so sharp, it won't hurt" is Other-father's idea of reassurance.
If you don't know the connotations of 'vespers', Vespertine sounds like a precious stone or some medieval craft of glasswork. "I was thinking hibernation and frozen things," says Björk. "The album is frozen, like crystals. It's a winter album." Her best yet, it reminds me of the jackfrost wonderland of Cocteau Twins circa 'In The Gold Dust Rush', of the bejewelled coldness of Siouxsie & The Banshees circa A Kiss In The Dreamhouse. The glittering sound fits the album's idea of inner riches, the treasure people keep hidden inside.
Your Burlesque CV/Resume
I’m not bragging when I say that we feel blessed to have lasted this long as a couple. Marital bliss for our generation has turned out to be a 50/50 proposition. I feel for those who have tried to hold their marriage together, giving their all to no avail. I am ever so thankful that we have hung in there, even during difficult times.
who cries like
But fish in the bowl is lucky
Cheesetown is in Central Scotland.
- 50 g animal crackers
Go, be dangerous!
It was a such great day. I'm so fortunate to be surrounded by some of the coolest kids imaginable, and hubby gave flowers and a shopping spree to buy some new running gear, so I have that to look forward to, too. I hope you, also, were able to make the day memorable one way or another!
Some difference from sweet hÄnglar and other stamps.
In December 1930, worker resentment reached critical mass in the company cafeteria.
Puncture by Lisa V. Proulx
The world is increasing in wickedness. Temptations are greater than they have ever been in the memory of any of us. In the face of these conditions—and they will get worse—President Spencer W. Kimball said in an address to Regional Representatives:
dont
Today the curse was lifted!!!!
The cause behind the shifts in polar fields is not understood. However, it is known that the shifts coincide with the increase and decrease in the number of sunspots over an about 11-year cycle.
Whoever sent this out is a piece of shit and no mistake:
Networking Breakfast from 8:30am till 10:00am; followed by an Awards Presentation
Okay, whatever that was about: this episode is one of those ones that makes you think how absolutely weird it is that Data is not only a Starfleet officer, but is considered mature and competent enough as a Starfleet officer to be third in command of the Federation flagship, and yet nobody seems to have any real cognitive dissonance about how much like a young child he behaves in this story. Data was, what? Twenty-eight or nine by now? It makes sense for him to have an odd way of looking at the world, but not for him to completely overlook the number one rule of his job just because he was curious. Innocent and naïve, yes, but this goes beyond innocence into tomfoolery. Meanwhile we see an actual child, Wesley Crusher, being put in charge of adult officers.
Ever tried easy boarding on a coaching gate, its real fun. The gate opens, you go through, only the boarding card you were given at check-in doesn’t have “easy boarding” printed on it, so now you have to find your original easy boarding card, nothing’s easy about that when some passengers realised that the check-in crew had kept them and exchanged them for the traditional cards. No proof of purchase of the premier service then?
August 8, 2005
Patrick
Today's photo is for sketch #74 at Sketch Savvy. I used two lousy photos and they even had crazy colors that I decided to embrace. Seriously, purple, yellow/gold, teal, white, black, and RED??? yep. I pulled out a bunch of kind of weird papers and they came together to work with my silly photos. It was pretty fun to just go with it. Give it a try and let me know how it goes.
'You are about to send 'Useless WIP' to the recycle bin, are you sure?'
In the early 1980s, I was obsessed with tropical islands and was visiting the Caribbean nearly every winter. Often, I would island hop, traveling to two islands in one trip on a 10-day vacation.
What bugs me most is the number of white people who say black man is racist. This is simply not possible.
The Book Blogger’s Cookbook has 50 different book reviewers from every corner of the blogosphere. It bridges the gap between author and reader—putting you in touch with book reviewers who can separate the 5 star books from the mediocre.
Fettuccine with Beef Short Ribs, Caramelized Onions and Gorgonzola. I had a really hard time deciding which of the two pastas I ordered I liked better, this one or the classic Bolognese. Both were exceptional, and were good matches with the Pinot Noir, Barbaresco and Sangiovese varietals.
“Danny has only been to the Club once in his life & sings from that one experience.”
So I'm finally over my sickness and have more energy to get stuff done; namely work on art and other various activities around the house one of which includes doing away with the hideous border wallpaper in the kitchen.
MARCH 12, 1922
The phrases ‘reading action’ and ‘poetry action’ have been specifically created to point awareness toward the fact that self expression, listening, and independently distributing ideas are all indeed actions. One typically may not think of them as such because they are quite miniature in scale. Any type of ‘poetry action’ is profoundly nonheroic. By asserting ‘reading actions’ and ‘poetry actions’ we are enacting a value-system of the nonheroic and instead promoting a value system foregrounding the systemic, the relational.
Every circle has its end.
So there is my round-up of Matchbook's footwear selection in the 50 Classics For Your Closet, and so far, so good. Not only do I have all of them, I wear all of them as well. Stay tuned for the second part when I will go through their accessories selection!
Lastly - I'm getting the opportunity to live for two years in a country that's completely foreign (pun intended) to most Americans, a place where very few people ever get to visit. And it's a proving to be a fascinating two years!
So lets go back to London Fashion week - what I can remember anyway...it was a bit of a blur.
Apparently Paul Newman, here playing one of his most unlikeable characters, was upset that audiences still loved him. Hud became an “anti-hero”, despite being nasty throughout, with no real redeeming qualities. It is testament to the guy’s ridiculous charisma that you never question why his nephew might want to be like him, despite the fact Newman’s Hud caused the accident that killed young Lonnie’s father, Hud’s brother. He is out for himself, he drinks, sleeps with married women, raises hell all over the small town where they live, and has very few nice words for anyone, and abuse is never too far away. It’s intriguing that the film is called Hud, as the film isn’t really about him, despite the fact he has most of the scenes and most of the action. He is a force, and his father, played wonderfully by Melvyn Douglas (who won a supporting actor oscar for his efforts), is another, but they are almost diametrically opposed. Whereas Hud is cynical, unloving, and exists on a diet of nihilism and hedonism, Douglas’s character, Homer, is upstanding, loyal, hard-working and idealistic. Together with the young Lonnie, the three live together on an old farm, raising cattle, and the only female presence is the housekeeper, Alma, played (also to oscar-winning effect) by Patricia Neal. All except Homer are susceptible to Hud’s charm, and there’s a simmering tension between him and Neal’s Alma. The boy, Lonnie, is torn between who to follow with these polar opposite role models, and the film follows the events that help him choose.
My group had bought hot dogs before the show, but they weren’t ready and the girl at concessions told us she would bring them in to us when they were done. But after about 15 minutes I figured I should go check on them and ended up missing about 3-5 minutes of the beginning of the movie right there. By the time I got back to my seat and got comfortable we were already 15-20 minutes into the movie. We had gotten to the theatre plenty early, but with the lack of previews and the hot dog fiasco I felt like I had come into the movie late, and there is a good reason I don’t like showing up to movies late. You feel like you’re trying to catch up rather than enjoying what it going on. Heck, I went and saw “The Hunger Games” a second time because the first time we showed up late and the movie had already started, only to find out that all I had missed was a black screen with white lettering briefly explaining the future in which the movie takes place.
Uh...thanks, Freddie, but I don't know..."You will come to Seoul soon?" No.
A few of my friends (including one of my best guy friends) have gone through some difficult breakups recently, and the thing consistently astounds me is how unwilling some of their other friends were to let them have their moment of misery. Most of them jumped right into some awful variant of the “more fish in the sea” line, when what they needed wasn’t advice — everyone knows, empirically, that breaking up with someone very rarely means that you will never date or love again — they needed someone to buy them a beer or a coffee and just let them work through how awful it is to lose someone you care about. Later, in a different season, there is a time for encouragement toward joy and the reminder that there is a difference between acknowledging grief and wallowing in it, but in the heat of the recent wound, all that person needs from you as a friend is just a place where they can feel safe and vulnerable to react how they need to react.
The last day of the trip! We all decided that were to wake up early and try to drive to the airport early. We had scheduled our flight to leave at 730 pm so that we would have plenty of time to get to the airport in case the roads were icy. We lucked out and saw on the news that the roads were not icy at all. The goal now is to get to Denver ASAP. We were going to drop off our luggage and go Downtown Denver to do some shopping or eat or do what ever.
Kill The Messenger
Acupuncture is an ancient form of Chinese medicine used to treat skin from the inside out. The fundamental concept is one of balance, like “yin” and “yang”. The idea is to balance the body through restoring the natural flow of energy, Qi (pronounced chi), in the body. Acupuncture is believed to move energy within the body, resulting in bringing blood to the face as well as stimulating collagen and elastin.
But there were still two pairs to go, with four of the fastest men, so I had about 13 more minutes to hold my breath. To try to keep it short – after the next pair, Bob de Jong (an amazing skater, period – but especially amazing for being 35 – from the Netherlands) had beaten Jonathan’s time by a full second, but Alexis Contin had fallen behind and Jonathan was still in second.
Ginger crushed: 2 tbsp
- 1 fried egg as garnish (optional)
Fiddler on the Roof?
1 respond
The key is to balance mobility and access with commerce, comfort and safety. Speed can be mitigated by the use of rails instead of tires, and lightweight vehicles like bicycles and pushcarts. Separate faster rail traffic from slower foot traffic if you must, but if you make your city too easy to go through or around, then you risk making it irrelevant.
Genetic disorders, wrong postures and falling are factors that can cause this disease. Also, incorrect hand positions owing to participation in certain sporting activities can cause it. Diets high in salt and birth control medications are other causative factors. CTS can also be a consequence of some other illnesses such as diabetes.
Green chillies – 8, medium size and medium hot, finely chopped
A 110-pound 85 year old woman says she’ll sue TSA afterbeing subjected to a strip search at JFK airport. The agents escorted her to a private room and strip searched her after she requested to not be x-rayed because she wears an implanted defibrillator. The 4 foot 11-inch woman uses a walker because she is hunch-backed says the agents took her into the private room and took off her clothes. She added, “Do I look like a terrorist?”
I stumbled upon Ananda's blog 'A pinch of Love' quite by chance and if im not mistaken she had just started her food blog. The pictures made me go back again and again and soon we were exchanging comments on each others' blogs. Then I guess it was the power of Facebook that eventually brought her into my friends circle and there was no looking back. I love the way she pens down her thoughts on her blog and the pics are to die for. If I let you in on a little secret- I sometimes head to her blog and take a peek at the gorgeous salmon soup pics taken in the beautiful snowy setting. There is something about that picture that screams out warmth and cosiness. I am so happy that Ananda asked me to do a guest post on her blog and I hope I have done justice to it with these spicy chicken wings in a chilli garlic sauce.
Have you included advertising in broadcast media and print publications in your promotional budget? Probably not is the answer for many of us. Advertising can be very expensive. But media promotion can also be free or at least relatively cheap.
When I came home, I sent both Heather and Ellen a text telling them about my bout of insanity. Not to brag, mind you, but to get yelled at so I'd take them back. They did not do that. Ellen wanted pictures, so I obliged and she convinced me to take the tags off and keep em! That is exactly what I did! I took the tags off, threw em in the garbage so I can't return them and OWNED the fact that I just bought these jeans. So I am a proud owner of a fancy new pair of jeans. All I have to say is that they DAMN well better last a long time, or I will be PISSED! I will not feel guilty or ashamed of my purchase any longer. I may not have "deserved" these jeans, but I am in a place where I am able to buy them and splurge, so why not? It's been years since I've splurged on myself and the past few months I've done some splurging and it feels really great! I forgot how much I enjoy doing things just for myself. Going to school is not only for me, but for my family as well. My laptop was for school. My jeans and itouch are for me and that is OK!
7. Upon proof of claim that I showed you some sort of identification.
People talk about denial as if it’s a bad thing. If I’d been able to deny grief and just go on living as if my mate of thirty-four years hadn’t died, I’d probably have done so. Grief is debilitating, disorienting, causes innumerable physical and emotional reactions, makes one susceptible to cancer, accidents, and other closer-to-death encounters and on top of that, it’s just downright painful.
Ok, you can watch one more video before you go.
2 random
As a customer service manager you may be actually running two customer service departments instead of just one and not even know it.
We met with the kid, OK? Please get off our backs and let us get out of this PR mess as gracefully as possible.
Fourth, we suggest that, despite considerable risks, the United States' complaint before the WTO Dispute Settlement Body has offered the prospect of some clarification and mutual accommodation that had hitherto eluded the two sides in other bilateral and multilateral fora. More specifically, we apply a comparative institutional analytic framework to examine the radically different institutional implications of the interpretive choices that the WTO judicial panel faced in the EU-Biotech case. We demonstrate how interpretive choices by a WTO judicial body can attempt to allocate decision-making to different institutional processes in which constituencies of different countries, with varying priorities, perceptions, and abilities to be heard, participate to varying and always imperfect degrees. We find that the WTO panel largely took a procedural approach in its decision, refusing to articulate a single substantive standard on GMO regulation, but instead insisting on certain procedural requirements that all states must observe in adopting their own domestic regulations. In the process, we contend, the WTO has empowered domestic political actors (such as the European Commission) with an interest in complying with WTO law, and, as a result, has encouraged regulators on both sides of the Atlantic to operate more transparently, taking into greater account the effects of their actions on third parties.
I look forward to my sister’s return. I know she has lots to tell me about the last 2-and-a-half weeks. I enjoyed the word-a-day emails she sent and I’m grateful that she could spend that much time with my dear parents. I owe her.
“Oh no, I wasn’t embarrassed! I looked just fine! It’s kind of entertaining.”
With my fondness for jQuery, I figured there had to be a way to add these buttons using only the Layout feature and a single HTML/Javascript gadget. After some experimentation, I discovered there does appear to be a way.
Look- here’s a table covered with a red cloth. On it is a cage the size of a small fish aquarium. In the cage is a white rabbit with a pink nose and pink-rimmed eyes. In its front paws is a carrot-stub upon which it is contentedly munching. On its back, clearly marked in blue ink, is the numeral 8.
At times like these Town Councils
(I&S/NW)
A couple weeks ago, Dude and I went to a local county fair and walked around the buildings that hold all those businesses hawking their wares. You know the ones: waterless cookware, ginsu knives, vacuums, jewelry, Avon, Tastefully Simple, etc. Out of the corner of my eye I saw one of those slushie machines you see at gas stations and some bars. Vino Frappe. I so had to sample that! Tasty, tasty is all I can say. They had a special going on so I got two bags and giddily skipped out of the building in search of junk food-found that too.
The group finally admits to each other that they were all being selfish. Even Jintan admits he was kind of happy that he was the only one able to see Menma. Unlike the others though, he wanted to grant Menma’s wish because Menma herself wanted it, not him for some selfish reason. The whole scene seemed to put the trust back in the group and they start calling each other by their old nicknames. Yukiatsu embracing Jintan with one arm and calling him ‘leader’, has to be one of his more bad-ass moments.
That’s right, all of the glory and none of the pain. In a small kitchen, even a simple pie crust is typically out of the question. Really anything that requires rolling out dough usually gets vetoed. So when my good friend Vanessa shared this recipe with me, I knew I’d found my perfect match. It’s called a “Swedish” Apple Pie.
Okay, it's that time again... Awkward quote time! Some of these you may understand, and some you most certainly will not understand. Just know, they really were quite awkward and hilarious (or in Eliza's case, adorable!)... Enjoy!
My five minutes for today.
Director Tim Story mixes it up, keeping all the multiple storylines in play without so much as a hiccup in pacing or narrative. This could have ended up a two-hour commercial for Harvey’s book, but Story shifts the focus to the individual characters and not the pages of Harvey’s narrative. Screenwriters Keith Merryman and David A. Newman let you see the action from all sides, so this feels like a true ensemble film instead of a man or woman-bashing screed. And as an ensemble piece, it’s tough to pick out the truly outstanding performances, because the actors do such a wonderful job working with each other. That said, Kevin Hart (Kevin Hart: Seriously Funny) is brilliant as always, and manages to steal just about every scene he’s in. His post-divorce bitter manchild is an absolute hoot. And D.C. native Taraji P. Henson brings a softness to her COO that weighs a man’s net worth higher than a man’s heart. Well, at first anyway.
In 1984 the warehouse converted into apartments.
“On average twice a day! Provided that I was lying on the sofa! Without me nothing happened. If I stood up he ended his games straight away!’
“His weight had dropped to just seven stone, he had trouble breathing and walking,” said a CAB spokeswoman.
One of our two tour buses was under repair causing the twelve member administrative crew to pile on the entertainers bus for the two mile ride to the hotel. It was uncomfortable.
3) In case I haven't been reporting this well enough, which I probably haven't, Sweet Pea's reading skills seem to be increasing daily. She is one motivated learning reader and is really really enjoying her successes. We do read with our kids every day, and work with Sweet Pea to teach her to read, but she is so interested in learning right now that we have found other ways to encourage her to keep learning even when we can't sit with her ourselves.
You might say that Mr Miller could not argue that, for one purpose newco is Rangers, but for another it is not, but that seems the logical approach (even if inherently illogical) to take. It is akin to an accused pleading that they have an alibi, failing which self-defence!
Hector leapt up, but tangled in bedclothes he tripped. Sprawled on the floor he gasped as the handle to his door turned. He scrambled to stand, thrusting the torch out as a weapon.
There are three people in our office who you might think of as "assistants." They are not. They are godsends. They are incredibly valuable, and I treasure them. These are the people who sort the mail, run the manuscripts through the xerox, prepare the UPS shipments, order the office supplies, and answer the phone. They are worth every penny they get paid, and should be paid a lot more.
There don't seem to be as many accidents on the road as you might think. Over four visits, this is my ninth week in India and I've travelled fairly extensively by road, both in town and long-distance. In that time, I've seen the accident I just described, one overturned auto rickshaw where the annoyed but unhurt passenger stood as the driver tried to right his vehicle and one dead dog.
Silver: Bismarck Altbier, Dry Dock Brewing Co., Aurora, CO
With a fist full of chicken leg, Hugo reveals he owns the place and the guy might have seen his commercial; he asks Des if he wants a Cluckateer key chain.
Saint Maybe ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 AM
On the way home, I had over an hour to mull over names. Some of you may know that I have a habit of naming my animals after country and western singers. My dog is Ledoux, my mule is Yoakum, and my old mule was Kershaw. I’d planned on naming my goat Dolly after Dolly Parton. I figured the same parts she’s famous for are the most important on a dairy goat. But Dolly is blonde and brassy, and this goat is shy and dark.
<U+2665>And he is a hero to me. <U+2665>
I tried to describe and develope those things that coexist with "intensity/feebleness of feeling", "delicacy/rowdiness" and "beauty/ugliness" or something like that in the sounds. I also wanted to express the amplification, the development and the extinction of energies in this world. All this, as well as the hidden side of everything we belong to. Y'know, the sun gives us light but it also contains the dark. Each has its opposite side. Through auhm, I attempted to express those things as much as I possibly can.
So after taking a long uncharacteristic hiatus, they finally released Human Hearts. While the other albums were important stepping stones of self-discovery, I think this record is the pinnacle of what they’ve been moving towards… and it only took a 4 year break. "Annihilation Eyes" may be the best song they've ever recorded and this record is more balanced between upbeat and slower songs than in the past and the result is probably their best work yet…
University.
5. And finally, speaking with my boyfriend on the phone from Poland each evening. It’s always lovely to talk to somebody when you feel you’re not making the progress that you wanted. Not just that – hearing about the other person’s exciting and very different day is also a great way to take your mind off your own stuff.
Hook-up water
3) Certain criminal aliens, including gang members, deportation fugitives, and those who have committed voter fraud or marriage fraud, would be eligible for DREAM Act amnesty.
"Please release your life-energy back into the earth."
I have no idea what this means but apparently he powers his big crab using his void energy or something, how that’s supposed to work and any precedent for that isn’t given so basically fuck you.
Alice In Chains - Alice In Chains
Me: Is Globo not coming through for you guys either? I want to watch my novela!
Welcome you lucky bastards to those who regularly read my blog or have somehow stumbled upon this page by pure chance. It is your lucky day. For I am revealing three weeks in advance the ending of the FOX network series, House. As I have done so accurately previously with ABC Lost, NBC Persons Unknown, and NBC The Event, I offer this finale outline script detailing the end game of this popular series. Be warned, spoilers are ahead at the very first paragraph in this post. For those dying to know, read on and enjoy.
On Sunday, the day we came back, we had breakfast and went to the pool to play for a little while before we checked out from the hotel. Our older girl wanted to stay in the pool longer, but we had to get ready to leave. We enjoyed the time so much that I was sad for it to be over. It was also nice that I logged out from the computer for 2 and a half days. I needed that break.
It was one week after Frank attacked Marlene and then mysteriously disappeared. Marlene believed the Beboodle got him and I believed Marlene went into a fugue state, killed him, somehow disposed of the body and then blamed it on a haunted doll. So, you know, as a good friend is supposed to, I watched her behavior closely, just in case she decided to off someone else.
Following are excerpts from an interview with Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on August 26, 2006.
Take care all
Did you know today is Star Wars Day? And in the spirit of May Fourth, I’m sharing random lines from Episodes IV, V, and VI—a hearty dose of TWSS (or TWHS) for any Star Wars fan. Enjoy.
Inks: Memento Tuxedo Black and Vivid Onyx Black
I just finished reading The Great Gatsby so I finally got to put it out on display. Such a pretty book (on top of the pile). Time to by another Modern Classic? Problem is, I have a rule that if I buy them, I have to read them and I really want to get into the Hunger Games. Hmmm. I guess I'll wait. I picked up the shy owl last week at Winners. He's been moving around the house a lot because he looks so cute everywhere!
I wonder if anyone noticed my blanket now has a different border to this post . I wasn't happy with the pink picot edging so I pulled it back and went with my trusty double V edging in cream ( tutorial in my side bar)
Neighbor Nurse: iPhone.
Level 15: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 12.5%.
I have come to record my own things again. Meanwhile busy with settling down further. Yes, I switched the job, I would love to say life is at a better level. Here are my three little things:
So, I am definelty NOT a gym person...I hate the gym. I have to workout outside, in the fresh air, with an open road ahead of me. Anyhoo, even though I go running alone, I still like to wear cute workout clothes. I was browsing online for some new gear earlier today, and I stumbled upon these at Nordstrom. Who says you can't look great while getting a sweat on?! Bring it!
It would take a long time to unpick the complex architectural history that produced this rich and diverse collection of walls, gables, roofs, and chimneys. Even for someone with expertise in the archaeology of buildings it would be a challenge, and one would need to have the run of the place for some considerable time. As Birtsmorton is still a private house, archaeologists are not likely to be unpicking it any time soon. Even if its detailed history is hard to decipher, though, its visual harmony is intact, and a thing to marvel at.
Today I was at my local shops and popped into the local Chinese grocery. I love it there because it has different foods and lots of things we use day to day like vermicelli noodles, 2 minute noodles, Asian sauces and even some sweet treats at great prices.
My favourite pieces of music include Reflections of Passion by Yanni, Beethoven’s Ode to Joy, and Strauss’s Blue Danube.
- Finally, leaves are graded by quality
“It was kind of like how the Romans used to, you know, conquer villages in the Mediterranean. They’d go in to a little Turkish town somewhere, they’d find the first five guys they saw and they’d crucify them.
Ahhh... Here we are in fabulous Palm Springs taking in the great weather.
Although there were four main separate military forces in action during those times namely, the South African Defence Force (SADF), Airforce, Navy and the Police, I will only give a brief account of the SADF’s involvement.
The "Pre-Exam Formalities Notice" indicates a $999,600 fee for 9,996 independent claims over 3, and a $249,475 fee for 9,979 total claims over 20. (Apparently, either the PTO system is unable to process more than 9,999 claims, or the PTO stops charging for claims greater than 9,999.)
(mental note: I'm not sure which of my university studies would have been more helpful in this conversation: Psych 020 or a reading of Waiting for Godot.)
There are a couple different reasons to love this Scolding Locks Bob Pin box other than it's $1.99 starting bid. It is a sturdy box you could actually use. It is pink...and I love pink for beauty items. I also love how beautifully the cover girl is accessorized. She has a beautiful bow and the string of pearls with the unfastened ends is so '30s. Click the image to go...
Hope you will stop by!
02. My Comet
<U+30D6><U+30C3><U+30C0>:<U+7C21><U+5358><U+306B><U+8A00><U+3046><U+3068><U+3001><U+4E00><U+822C><U+4EBA><U+306F><U+30E1><U+30C7><U+30A3><U+30A2><U+3084><U+4F01><U+696D><U+306B><U+64CD><U+3089><U+308C><U+3066><U+308B><U+304B><U+3089><U+3001><U+30EA><U+30A2><U+30EA><U+30C6><U+30A3><U+30FC><U+304C><U+898B><U+3048><U+3066><U+306A><U+3044><U+3001><U+3063><U+3066><U+3088><U+3046><U+306A><U+985E><U+306E><U+8A71><U+3002><U+30A2><U+30E1><U+30EA><U+30AB><U+306F><U+6C11><U+4E3B><U+4E3B><U+7FA9><U+56FD><U+5BB6><U+306E><U+3088><U+3046><U+3060><U+3051><U+3069><U+3001><U+898F><U+5236><U+306E><U+306A><U+3044><U+30D5><U+30EA><U+30FC><U+30DE><U+30FC><U+30B1><U+30C3><U+30C8><U+8CC7><U+672C><U+4E3B><U+7FA9><U+306E><U+305B><U+3044><U+3067><U+3001><U+6CD5><U+4EBA><U+4F01><U+696D><U+306E><U+529B><U+304C><U+6C11><U+4E3B><U+4E3B><U+7FA9><U+56FD><U+5BB6><U+81EA><U+4F53><U+3088><U+308A><U+3082><U+5F37><U+3044><U+304B><U+3089><U+3001><U+3082><U+306F><U+3084><U+6C11><U+4E3B><U+4E3B><U+7FA9><U+3067><U+306F><U+306A><U+3044><U+3093><U+3060><U+3088><U+306D><U+3002><U+3067><U+3001><U+6CD5><U+4EBA><U+56FD><U+5BB6><U+306F><U+57FA><U+672C><U+7684><U+306B><U+4EBA><U+9593><U+306E><U+672C><U+8CEA><U+7684><U+306A><U+4FA1><U+5024><U+3058><U+3083><U+306A><U+304F><U+3066><U+304A><U+91D1><U+306B><U+4FA1><U+5024><U+3092><U+898B><U+51FA><U+3059><U+304B><U+3089><U+6839><U+672C><U+7684><U+306B><U+8150><U+6557><U+3057><U+3066><U+308B><U+3093><U+3060><U+306D><U+3002>
And the pillow got straight-line quilting with my walking foot, with variable-width gaps between the Vs. I kind of like how this one turned out, especially since I did wide spacing for the last couple Vs, and the quilting makes the whole thing want to curve up at the center, which is just right for a pillow, don't you think?
The dictionary defines ether as the rarefied element of the Heavens. Ether is a medium. It permeates all space and transmits waves of energy in a wide range of frequencies, from cell phones to human auras. What is “ethereal” is related to the regions beyond earth: the heavens.
I would like to know how a statistical study, no matter how sophisticated, can possibly tell us the subjective motives for acts that were never taken and, moreover, how it can do so with the specificity of telling us approximately how many people did not do what they otherwise would have done under different circumstances. Where are these people? And, more importantly, how would we recognize one if we happened across him or her? (source)
Not everyone sees spells in supermarket car parks, of course, and Natalie is not just a normal girl. Her mother was a Spell Lady of Earthaven, which gives her the power to cross the boundary between worlds and makes her a target for the evil Lord Hawk, an exiled Spellmage who is planning to destroy the giant tree that is home to the spirit of Natalie’s dead mother. The magical gateways are barred to him. But at Halloween, between midnight and dawn, the boundary between worlds opens allowing creatures from both worlds to cross.
"That's exactly how she is," she murmured to August. That poor kid! All he wanted to do was sit through a terrible movie with his chatty mom and her annoying friend, and eat his weight in popcorn, and now he's gotta put up with weird writer comparisons, and his mom's buddy sneaking popcorn. "MJ always storms into offices and yells, 'PRINT IT ALL OR GO TO HELL, DAMN YOU, SO I CAN SAVE THAT POOR WOMAN FROM THE CLUTCHES OF A MAD KILLER!' when her editor wants to make necessary changes. Don't even get me started on her prose."
As a mother of faith, I accept the enormous responsibility of giving my children not only physical nourishment and love, but also to instill faith in them. This can be an overwhelming prospect if you let it be, but I have found that as I lean on the Lord for help, this comes naturally. Regular daily family scripture study and prayer have a huge impact, but so do the small, everyday moments when opportunities arise to teach a principle or share an experience with my children that has strengthened my faith. Moms of young children have the advantage of the fact that their children want so much to be around them, want to soak up everything they say, want to feel important and loved. Thus, they are easy to teach, for they make apt pupils. I know this will slip away a bit as they become teenagers and I must make the most of it now. What is, perhaps, more daunting, is knowing that my actions must teach my faith as well. I pray for strength to live up to the values that I hold dear and teach my children.
STARS is my debut. It is a 124,000 words YA novel.
-You Tube
it's just a baby now, so it will bloom in the spring and then i assume get those great
The writing style is also good and fresh and the pace of the story even. Add to that the fact that I was really intrigued by the two rival teams and what was really going on with the lightnings and you can easily understand why I absolutely loved this book at first. But unfortunately, a couple of details at first and the instant love part later made me change my mind about it.
Special Downtown Brooklyn District and rezoning
* Tunnard owed no fiduciary obligations in relation to the development of a preliminary concept for a new helmet and was not in any event in breach of any such obligation by seeking to raise funds for such a project while still in employment.
‘Republicans have taken an overwhelming 88 percent of oil and gas contributions this election cycle. While showering politicans with cash, the oil industry also spent over $146,000,000 on lobbying last year’.
He got rich. Brought the sacristy’s sacred funk
Yesterday I had 100 followers. Today I have 99 yet nobody seems to have disappeared and when I've looked at the pages of them there are actually 96!
~Uncle Terry
Tapper: Rick Santorum is a lot like you but smart
The day the democrats took over was not January 22nd 2009, it was actually January 3, 2007, the day the Democrats took over the House of Representatives and the Senate, at the very start of the 110th Congress.
From This....
that will sustain me until I can make plans
Not much has happened. Dani had a rock grandma come over for a photoshoot for a music festival. She came Grace Jones style real fit and in leather, but they put her in a granny frock and fluffy boots -_-" There was also another grandma, but she was too frail and couldn't lift her arm up to do the 'horn' sign, so she couldn't be used. I tried to make everyone drink this cocoa leaf liquor that makes you jump off the walls, but I ended up guzzling most of it myself. I thought the effects of the substance might be beneficial to those of age, you know. Just trying to help out a little. Bah.
They also aren't discussing wheelchair yet - which doesn't matter because I have already ordered it and it will arrive next week - but still...isn't it time for independence? I didn't even bring it up. But again - I think, holding off on equipment until kids are older and bigger, which allows the equipment to last longer and also simply creating a standard for everyone instead of looking at individuals.
Hey Bloggies! I hope you are taking time to enjoy yourselves this weekend. All this IF stuff is STRESSFUL!
So difficult a question but I would especially like to take a George and Julie Cab to Fab, or by George. it’s Lush class. I have admired George’s work since I started making jewellery and Lush Julies beads were some of the first I bought while Julies cabs are wonderful. I would really like to dress a few beads George style.
The pubs we visited fell into five main categories:
Can you believe that I will no longer be ODD?!?!
"Don't be stupid. How could I do that?" replied another with brown hair and brown beard.
Who says that conservatism is produced by a fear of death
“When I was in library school in the early ’80s, the students weren’t as interesting,” Mr. Block said.
In connection with the affairs of Pattisons'. Limited, a telephonic communication received from their Leith office on Saturday afternoon stated the Company paid over £6000 of duty that day, and that business was going on as usual. It was announced in Edinburgh on Saturday that the British Linen Company Bank hold securities over Pattisons', Limited, to the extent of £100,000. Pattisons' granted a bond for a cash credit with a bank of £40,000 in December, 1897, and so late as the 3d of November last they executed another deed conveying additional security to the extent of £60.000 for a further cash credit. The total indebtedness of the Company to the bank on these bonds is thus £100,000. secured over the Duddingston Brewery properties."
Why, upon the upliftment of blessing, do I so often look around, compare myself to others, stick my nose in the air, and condescend? Simple graciousness would be a much better response.
With Tarragon Vinaigrette
Póg mo thóin!
Jisan Valley Rock Festival performance
Oh, and then there’s “Puberty Love”. Sweet, squeaky, quiveringly lame "Puberty Love". This is a featured song in the film and is played over and over and over until it gets to the point that the viewer will use their "MUTE" button on their remote more than the "Fast Forward" button. And you thought hearing "That Thing You Do" over and over was bad....
It isn’t a particularly great sandwich. It’s an above average torta, better than La Victoria, but not as good as Los Reyes. What jumped out at me here, though, was the milanesa. The milanesa, cousin to the Italian cotoletta and the German schnitzel, is a thin slice of beef spiced, dipped in egg, dredged in breadcrumbs and shallow fried. That last step was the downfall of this particular torta, as the milanesa had been fried well before it ended up on my sandwich. By the time it got to me the coating was a bit damp and well detached from the beef in places. In spite of that the beef was tender and the whole thing hinted at what could have been. A crunchy coating on a tender piece of beef, creamy avocado, just the right salsa…it could have been something really special, had it been well executed. I finished the sandwich a bit disappointed, but now certain that there is a torta out there, a transcendent torta just waiting for me. So I went looking elsewhere.
Connect with someone and brag to each other. Don’t compete with each other, celebrate each other’s success. Jon Acuff calls it the “bragging table.” Jon gets together with a friend to enjoy bragging sessions.
Do you even have a coaching program in place??
You need to make sure you are dealing with a reputable broker. There are some decent forums (Forex Factory is a good place to start) where there are a lot of traders who can offer guidance on finding one. FXDD is sizeable and has a good history, but I don’t make recommendations to anyone other than do your own research. That said, if I ever reached a point where I had enough money to actually get nervous about things, I’d split it among two or more brokers and just execute the same trades. It would be a little more hassle, but it would spread the risk of the kinds of issues you’re talking about.
Today is my birthday and I'll be spending part of it in an airport by myself, headed home to the city I love. But I'll be leaving a part of my heart behind in this desert, because a tiny girl has stolen it with her chubby hands and won't give it back.
Third, I want to give some shout outs to some individual members of the Dam, from myself.
From a historical perspective, we might think of these transition events as the visible signals emanating from a slower-moving but also much-harder-to-quantify process of political and economic development that includes institutions at the levels of state and society as well as regime. Watching for patterns at this temporal and geographic scale is a bit like watching for climate change. The mechanisms generating the larger pattern are extremely complex and undoubtedly include elements of endogeneity, contagion, threshold effects, and feedback loops, to name just some of the possibilities. This kind of causal complexity makes it very hard to isolate the effects of specific variables, especially when the data we might use to test those relationships are often scarce or unreliable. And yet a pattern emerges. The production of greenhouse gases accelerates, temperatures rise, glaciers retreat, and species disappear.
3) The meal plan may be the way to go. I didn’t know how easy it would be to use, or how flexible, so opted not to bother. But we probably would have saved a small fortune given that we ate nearly every meal for five days on Disney property (no small coin dropped there).
Yes, it's killing us prematurely, because we have no defense against a double bacon cheeseburger. It sets off all of our primitive pleasure centers. Why not eat them all day?
must acknowledge that there is more grace
Designing is one of my passions. I come from a long line of crafters. My grandmother, mom, and three sisters all love crafting. Even as a young girl I was exposed to many types of products and styles. They have helped to form my passion. Getting to design as a "job" is wonderful. It is exciting to wake up and start designing.
Have you recorded a session for the BBC or De Avonden/VPRO radio?
It's something I didn't even want to acknowledge as a possibility before, so this is kind of a step for me, typing it out loud. Here's the trend I see as inevitable: as people are more able to buy books online and on e-readers, they are less likely to walk into bookstores and even book sections of megastores like Wal-Mart. As bookstores' profits continue to dwindle, they will have less money to invest in books that aren't guaranteed to sell. That means publishers will publish fewer books, focusing their efforts on books by celebrities and politicians and authors who have already hit bestseller status. Fewer options in bookstores will make readers even less likely to walk into a bookstore, considering that-- at this moment-- everything they want is at their fingertips on Amazon.
I didn't have much of a budget for cards for most of last year, so I only bought a single rack pack of 2011 GQ. I wanted to see what all the hype was about.
Mara wasn’t usually sarcastic. She was a tell it like it is woman. Helene looked at Sadie and saw no quarter in Sadie’s hard stare. Helene felt like fighting.
What is interesting about Samaw’el is that he lived contemporary with the great Jewish philosopher, Maimonides, though they probably never met. And while Samaw’el wrote his Ifham al-Yahûd in 1163, rewritten in 1167, Maimonides wrote his Iggeret Teyman (Letter to Yemen) in 1172, where he deals with some of the points in Samaw’el’s Ifham. It is possible that Maimonides had read the Ifham, but his answer to the Yemenites was not based on this, but rather on another Jewish convert, who used Samaw’el’s arguments against the Yemenite Jewish community. It is not weird that later Muslims, especially Jewish converts, took use of the Ifham, but this happened relatively early after it was written, hinting at some early popularity (as far as it wasn’t just a coincidence, but many of the points being raised seems to similar for it to be a coincidence).
I hadn't seen him for a few years, but my most treasured memory of him was what I always associated with him - a warm embrace - as I stepped off of an airplane to spend the weekend at his Calgary home. He and my Aunt Kay had opened up their home to me when I managed to land an interview at one of the city's thriving magazines. They had great plans for me. I was to move there and offered up their basement as my temporary home base for as long as it took to find my permanent place in Calgary. It was all set and they were excited for me and looking forward to having me in their home. That's how both my aunt and uncle were - unassuming people quick to lend a hand to anyone in need.
And I'd like to believe in this. But it's not something that answer questions like why did the Holocaust happen, or why is my son sick, or that has anything to do with our miniscule daily lives on this miniscule planet. It's too big to hang our daily problems on, but some humans, like perhaps Jesus, or perhaps Buddha, or perhaps Muhammed, have been able to tap into this greater understanding and to try to describe it, using symbolic language that is relevant to the period they lived in.
My grandma brought over a couple of my great-grandpa Jenne's old hats and Drew and Brian got to try them on. Drew was going for a french look and ended up looking really crazy and Brian was going for an angry Russian look.
A Ralph Lauren shirt and cashmere sweater for a total of $15....yeah me!!!
Into the big city
Etching on copper is a new concentration and I seem to be drawn to a fern/kelp motif. These etched discs are in the process of getting enameled and if I have time before the show (eeek!) etching the enamel so it's not so shiny may be in order. Apologies for the supadupa shiny copper, this is just a quick shot to show my progress. Those little round discs on the left are part of trying to figure out what color to use- so many choices. The counter enamel is now on the back side of the discs and after I clean the firescale off the front, they'll be ready for a couple more layers of enamel.
Do you have a word?
Original Air Date: Jan 22, 2012
I lay in bed last night pondering the day. It was full. It was good. It really was a typical fall/winter/spring Saturday. Morning at home (coffee), basketball game in the afternoon (nescafe), dash home to greet friends (three cups of tea), run over to the two neighbors on my floor to give them leftover pastries (no tea), then run upstairs with cake to welcome the new neighbors into the building (Turkish coffee and two more cups of tea).
she inhaled the sweet air of independence,
Sometimes, you meet someone so fucked up that it offers perspective on how fucked you are yourself. That’s alright, it’s a good thing. Everything’s relative. I’ve met these people with frightening frequency all my life, disregard what reflection that casts on the friends I make or the life I live. You were never like that. I saw how messed up I was in contrast to how perfect you were. Are. I don’t know anymore, sometimes I worry if what I idealize in you was just a mirage that my subconscious cooked up to make living tolerable, but even the hope that it was reality warrants this. Perhaps you weren’t perfect. Perhaps you were as flawed as I was, but the hope that you were perfect for me warrants this.
Imagine the impact a positive mindset can have during the training event. The outcome can be significant. This permits an organization to better leverage its training investment – and ultimately the individual benefits from increased likelihood of personal success.
a congress of crows,
Hayden’s 380 is the only other time an Australian has scored 300 in a winning team. All other triple tons have come in drawn matches.
Four was the year that you strived. Why, look at you now, you're already five.
That is this weeks task I face . . . . .so far I am blank . . . . .just waiting for the creative urge to hit . .
God Bless
just call occasionally to talk about the weather and who showed up in
Jeez, only 14 pieces? I feel like I did way more than that, maybe some will turn up in the future.
and tons of letters go bundled from the building to all
Volta contains enough wonderfully weird stuff to keep the loyal leftfielders happy, and just about enough hummable tunes to entertain the more fickle fans who got into Björk via Debut and then gradually lost patience with her increasingly way out music over the last few years. Still, overall, Volta is as poppy as Björk is ever likely to get at this stage of the game.
Learned: Etsy has a great interface to set up a store and list items. BUT! I was so overjoyed I did not compare which venue has lower fees for selling items. Curses!
But I never felt I was ever talking to the real person. He was always being the ‘Frank Carson’ character.
Baking soda (1/2 tbsp. for every 2 liters or 1/2 gallon of water)
Mandy Hubbard is a literary agent for D4EO Literary, where she represents authors of middle grade and teen fiction. She is also the author of Prada & Prejudice (Penguin 2009), You Wish (Penguin 2010), and four other to-be-published novels for teens.
In the last few decades atheists have been a rapidly declining percentage of world population. They are now 2.5% of world population. Agnostics and those who are indifferent to religion are also a somewhat more slowly declining percentage of the world's population, they are now 11.5%.
We haven’t been getting much Sun here in the north of England this week – and even when it has shone, the clouds are never far away. As a result, the dandelions have been loathe to do their metamorphoses into “clocks” and let me experiment with an idea I had.
Waiting to meet and greet.
As for what is at stake for Yale, he said: ‘By collaborating on an entirely new liberal arts institution for an emergent Asia, Yale could influence the course of 21st century education as profoundly as it shaped higher education in the US in the 19th century.’
A country as large as the U.S. makes room for many sorts of ideas, and thus for communities dedicated to them. As early as the 1820s, persons such as Robert Owen and John Humphrey Noyes built communes -- proto-communist states -- within America's borders. Those, of course, were entirely voluntary communities; their members were free to depart at any time. Nevertheless, they constituted a womb for the embryonic theories they expressed in practice...theories which persons of more abstract bent, such as Marx and Engels, would develop to their full malignancy shortly thereafter.
fire extinguisher that he dragged around
“And I’m just worried I’ve left it in TK Maxx. But that’d be Melanie’s fault.”
His path was rugged and sore,
So, I thought this year I would share a few things Cliff will be getting this year to help other mamas with special littles of their own!
This is no different than burlap coffee bags.
Miles 5-7
It's the secret guarded well
“Oh please, Bunny. This is no different than when we signed you up for gymnastics, or ballet.”
Kate Williams, historian and novelist, was the final speaker and she shared her personal experiences in the last key note address of the weekend. Not many people can have a week that consists of chatting to Jeremy Paxman about economic contraction on Newsnight on one evening, and then a day or so later talking about the origins of Battenberg cake.
I begged Tracey to call Erin back and if there was any possible way (bar life threatening situation) to have the ambulance wait for me. Ultimately, I knew I would have to trust the paramedics to make the right call, but if there was anyway possible, I wanted to avoid a trauma that would surely put Logan in therapy until at least highschool!
confirmation update #4: Yesterday (4/24/2012) — I was not available to watch events unfold , but saw quickly, when I looked on intellicast, multiple detections of hail over central south New Mexico heading towards El Paso, TX .
so I am having a lovely romp through its pages!
but I can love less of them!
I have a tremendous amount of guilt over this.
State police were called to the scene today for back up as Rutland delivered the news to Reed, but Reed left on his own accord.
I pick out all the edge pieces, like this:
Made in the U.S.A
Good Monday
Listed below are some advantages and disadvantages of forex day trading:
Who am I kidding? We both know that will be me.
the joy of love in poetically
Renovations Delayed By Structural Instability
I'm thankful for:
I recall when Americans in the deep south used to burn books – this was to prevent the young being led astray. The book burners wanted the books destroyed completely, so nobody would ever read that ‘thing’ again.
The said right implies, among many other things, the judicious management and conservation of the country’s forests.
You might or might not know that so far, this blog has been a school project. Now that my class is ending, I have no scholastic reason to continue blogging. But just because school is over for the semester doesn’t mean that my passions for cooking and traveling left with it! I will continue to post whenever I cook, discover, or travel internationally (okay, so the last one is more of a dream). So feel free to check back occasionally, or subscribe to email updates!
and a sideways view,
She's adores:
This got me wondering about the memorable mothers in children's books. Who are the best? Who are the worst?
Maggie got in the car today telling me of a little boy in her class that she is going to tell about God tomorrow on the playground. She is always telling us how she is going to be a missionary when she grows up and go serve somewhere over seas. She plans to be a large animal vet so she is sure God will send her to Africa, after all someone’s got to take care of those elephants.
It's nonetheless a strong and invigorating Latin rock jazz fusion, boasting some really hot playing, both in the ensemble work and improvisation. The six cuts, save one, all run more than five minutes, the closing "Latin Boogaloo" approaching ten minutes in length. Often this is closer to rockified salsa music than it is to the salsified rock music of lead guitarist Jorge Santana.
Possibilities:
She asked people in the packed courtroom to put themselves in her place.
QGIS already has very strong analytical capabilities through its GRASS toolbox. Now, this is further extended by a new plugin that offers direct access to the Sextante toolbox. With this toolbox, QGIS can tap into 300+ functions from SAGA GIS and a number of other functions.
It has been a busy & hectic two weeks. Last week, we officially started Jay's 3rd grade year. However, we only ended up doing school two days. Wednesday, I had a migraine. Thursday, I still had my migraine & Jay had a headache. Dea had a worse day, though. She wasn't paying attention to her breakfast & used syrup that had started to mold. She spent the rest of the day vomiting. In the afternoon, we took her to the ER, when it appeared that she had started to vomit blood. It turned out to be just coloring from the boysenberry syrup. Friday, we decided to take the day off to recuperate from the previous two days. Then, this week wasn't a full week either. Jay did no school on Wednesday. He claimed he had a stomachache all morning, then a headache throughout the afternoon. We also missed Tuesday due to total lack of sleep. Dea didn't manage to get much school work done these two weeks, either, and has managed to show me even less.
Random: I really haven’t watched Ru Paul’s Drag Race at all this season. I’m watching reruns on demand and I forgot how funny it was.
Cardstock from Papertrey Ink
Lunch: 30-25g carbohydrates
He tells her he is the only one she needs
thermometer, with cops in their
...and then filled this felt 'envelope' with a layer of heavy cardboard...
Every day for us something new
Yeah-- somebody told me last night. This month the Big Social, the night when everyone from all of the different Salsa Heat locations converges into one location for an evening of salsa revelry, is on the same night as what would have been the Kissimmee location's monthly social due to Christmas, so they moved their date. I hadn't been to class this past week because I was resting my aging ankle, twisted from too many 3/4 turns while practicing in my living room with Dr. Dance, so I hadn't heard about the social.
many Christians have operated in this power; some have only been used to
The random access memory storage space f<U+043E>r th<U+0435> normal hardware settings would b<U+0435> 1 gigabyte of space. The ultra settings would b<U+0435> double th<U+0435> normal hardware settings <U+0430>nd be tw<U+043E> gigabytes.To process th<U+0435> data quickly <U+0435>nough for the normal gaming experience the Central Processing Unit speed would b<U+0435> at the minimum <U+043E>n<U+0435> thousand, six hundred megahertz. For the ultra settings <U+0456>t should be <U+0430>bove on<U+0435> thousand <U+0435><U+0456>ght hundred megahertz.
at one point,
It’s good that the SoCon is trying to be more strict about its non-conference scheduling, but it’s a difficult balancing act. It should be noted that playing a non-D1 doesn’t have any impact on the RPI. What the league doesn’t want is schools overloading their schedules with gimme games against non-D1s and guarantee games against BCS schools. The SoCon needs its members to play more “in-between” schools. Otherwise, instead of competing with the CAA it risks sliding down into SWAC territory.
Betrayed a confidence by…..
Because we are also active in helping people to flee violence and torturing, and spreading the Good News in different areas in the world, we are also sometimes considered working in illegality. Therefore we are by some governements blacklisted and accused of being part of ‘terror groups’. Though we can assure you we only want to preach Good News and peace and are totally against any form of violence.
Fisher Z The worker UK
Pour colorier mon image, j'ai utilisé les couleurs du papier certes mais je me suis aussi fortement inspirée de mon amie Jane. Il y a peu, elle a colorisé des champignons à la perfection comme tout ce qu'elle colorie, et dans des tons que j'ai trouvé très beaux et qui m'ont inspirée. J'ai utilisé les Copics E13, 15, 17, 19, 27, 29, 40, 41, 43 (pour le chapeau) et YG91, 95, 97 (pantalon et sol).
In their article, Rushton and Jensen also address some of the policy issues that stem from their conclusions. Their main recommendation is that people be treated as individuals, not as members of groups. They emphasized that their paper pertains only to average differences. They also called for the need to accurately inform the public about the true nature of individual and group differences, genetics and evolutionary biology.
The Scientific American, in a recent issue, pleads for the restoration to respectable usage of that "fine old word 'propaganda.'" "There is no word in the English language," it says, "whose meaning has been so sadly distorted as the word 'propaganda.' The change took place mainly during the late war when the term took on a decidedly sinister complexion. "If you turn to the Standard Dictionary, you will find that the word was applied to a congregation or society of cardinals for the care and oversight of foreign missions which was instituted at Rome in the year 1627. It was applied also to the College of the Propaganda at Rome that was founded by Pope Urban VIII, for the education of the missionary priests. Hence, in later years the word came to be applied to any institution or scheme for propagating a doctrine or system. "Judged by this definition, we can see that in its true sense propaganda is a perfectly legitimate form of human activity. Any society, whether it be social, religious or political, which is possessed of certain beliefs, and sets out to make them known, either by the spoken or written words, is practicing propaganda. "Truth is mighty and must prevail, and if any body of men believe that they have discovered a valuable truth, it is not merely their privilege but their duty to disseminate that truth. If they realize, as they quickly must, that this spreading of the truth can be done upon a large scale and effectively only by organized effort, they will make use of the press and the platform as the best means to give it wide circulation. Propaganda becomes vicious and reprehensive only when its authors consciously and deliberately disseminate what they know to be lies, or when they aim at effects which they know to be prejudicial to the common good. " 'Propaganda' in its proper meaning is a perfectly wholesome word, of honest parentage, and with an honorable history. The fact that it should to-day be carrying a sinister meaning merely shows how much of the child remains in the average adult. A group of citizens writes and talks in favor of a certain course of action in some debatable question, believing that it is promoting the best interest of the community. Propaganda? Not a bit of it. Just a plain forceful statement of truth. But let another group of citizens express opposing views, and they are promptly labeled with the sinister name of propaganda. . . . " 'What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander,' says a wise old proverb. Let us make haste to put this fine old word back where it belongs, and restore its dignified significance for the use of our children and our children's children." The extent to which propaganda shapes the progress of affairs about us may surprise even well informed persons. Nevertheless, it is only necessary to look under the surface of the newspaper for a hint as to propaganda's authority over public opinion. Page one of the New York Times on the day these paragraphs are written contains eight important news stories. Four of them, or one-half, are propaganda. The casual reader accepts them as accounts of spontaneous happenings. But are they? Here are the headlines which announce them: "TWELVE NATIONS WARN CHINA REAL REFORM MUST COME BEFORE THEY GIVE RELIEF," "PRITCHETT REPORTS ZIONISM WILL FAIL," "REALTY MEN DEMAND A TRANSIT INQUIRY," and "OUR LIVING STANDARD HIGHEST IN HISTORY, SAYS HOOVER REPORT." Take them in order: the article on China explains the joint report of the Commission on Extraterritoriality in China, presenting an exposition of the Powers' stand in the Chinese muddle. What it says is less important than what it is. It was "made public by the State Department to-day" with the purpose of presenting to the American public a picture of the State Department's position. Its source gives it authority, and the American public tends to accept and support the State Department view. The report of Dr. Pritchett, a trustee of the Carnegie Foundation for International Peace, is an attempt to find the facts about this Jewish colony in the midst of a restless Arab world. When Dr. Pritchett's survey convinced him that in the long run Zionism would "bring more bitterness and more unhappiness both for the Jew and for the Arab," this point of view was broadcast with all the authority of the Carnegie Foundation, so that the public would hear and believe. The statement by the president of the Real Estate Board of New York, and Secretary Hoover's report, are similar attempts to influence the public toward an opinion. These examples are not given to create the impression that there is anything sinister about propaganda. They are set down rather to illustrate how conscious direction is given to events, and how the men behind these events influence public opinion. As such they are examples of modern propaganda. At this point we may attempt to define propaganda. Modern propaganda is a consistent, enduring effort to create or shape events to influence the relations of the public to an enterprise, idea or group. This practice of creating circumstances and of creating pictures in the minds of millions of persons is very common. Virtually no important undertaking is now carried on without it, whether that enterprise be building a cathedral, endowing a university, marketing a moving picture, floating a large bond issue, or electing a president. Sometimes the effect on the public is created by a professional propagandist, sometimes by an amateur deputed for the job. The important thing is that it is universal and continuous; and in its sum total it is regimenting the public mind every bit as much as an army regiments the bodies of its soldiers. So vast are the numbers of minds which can be regimented, and so tenacious are they when regimented, that a group at times offers an irresistible pressure before which legislators, editors, and teachers are helpless. The group will cling to its stereotype, as Walter Lippmann calls it, making of those supposedly powerful beings, the leaders of public opinion, mere bits of driftwood in the surf. When an Imperial Wizard, sensing what is perhaps hunger for an ideal, offers a picture of a nation all Nordic and nationalistic, the common man of the older American stock, feeling himself elbowed out of his rightful position and prosperity by the newer immigrant stocks, grasps the picture which fits in so neatly with his prejudices, and makes it his own. He buys the sheet and pillow-case costume, and bands with his fellows by the thousand into a huge group powerful enough to swing state elections and to throw a ponderous monkey wrench into a national convention. In our present social organization approval of the public is essential to any large undertaking. Hence a laudable movement may be lost unless it impresses itself on the public mind. Charity, as well as business, and politics and literature, for that matter, have had to adopt propaganda, for the public must be regimented into giving money just as it must be regimented into tuberculosis prophylaxis. The Near East Relief, the Association for the Improvement of the Condition of the Poor of New York, and all the rest, have to work on public opinion just as though they had tubes of tooth paste to sell. We are proud of our diminishing infant death rate—and that too is the work of propaganda. Propaganda does exist on all sides of us, and it does change our mental pictures of the world. Even if this be unduly pessimistic—and that remains to be proved—the opinion reflects a tendency that is undoubtedly real. In fact, its use is growing as its efficiency in gaining public support is recognized. This then, evidently indicates the fact that any one with sufficient influence can lead sections of the public at least for a time and for a given purpose. Formerly the rulers were the leaders. They laid out the course of history, by the simple process of doing what they wanted. And if nowadays the successors of the rulers, those whose position or ability gives them power, can no longer do what they want without the approval of the masses, they find in propaganda a tool which is increasingly powerful in gaining that approval. Therefore, propaganda is here to stay. It was, of course, the astounding success of propaganda during the war that opened the eyes of the intelligent few in all departments of life to the possibilities of regimenting the public mind. The American government and numerous patriotic agencies developed a technique which, to most persons accustomed to bidding for public acceptance, was new. They not only appealed to the individual by means of every approach—visual, graphic, and auditory—to support the national endeavor, but they also secured the cooperation of the key men in every group —persons whose mere word carried authority to hundreds or thousands or hundreds of thousands of followers. They thus automatically gained the support of fraternal, religious, commercial, patriotic, social and local groups whose members took their opinions from their accustomed leaders and spokesmen, or from the periodical publications which they were accustomed to read and believe. At the same time, the manipulators of patriotic opinion made use of the mental cliches and the emotional habits of the public to produce mass reactions against the alleged atrocities, the terror and the tyranny of the enemy. It was only natural, after the war ended, that intelligent persons should ask themselves whether it was not possible to apply a similar technique to the problems of peace. As a matter of fact, the practice of propaganda since the war has assumed very different forms from those prevalent twenty years ago. This new technique may fairly be called the new propaganda. It takes account not merely of the individual, nor even of the mass mind alone, but also and especially of the anatomy of society, with its interlocking group formations and loyalties. It sees the individual not only as a cell in the social organism but as a cell organized into the social unit. Touch a nerve at a sensitive spot and you get an automatic response from certain specific members of the organism. Business offers graphic examples of the effect that may be produced upon the public by interested groups, such as textile manufacturers losing their markets. This problem arose, not long ago, when the velvet manufacturers were facing ruin because their product had long been out of fashion. Analysis showed that it was impossible to revive a velvet fashion within America. Anatomical hunt for the vital spot! Paris! Obviously! But yes and no. Paris is the home of fashion. Lyons is the home of silk. The attack had to be made at the source. It was determined to substitute purpose for chance and to utilize the regular sources for fashion distribution and to influence the public from these sources. A velvet fashion service, openly supported by the manufacturers, was organized. Its first function was to establish contact with the Lyons manufactories and the Paris couturiers to discover what they were doing, to encourage them to act on behalf of velvet, and to help in the proper exploitation of their wares. An intelligent Parisian was enlisted in the work. He visited Lanvin and Worth, Agnes and Patou, and others and induced them to use velvet in their gowns and hats. It was he who arranged for the distinguished Countess This or Duchess That to wear the hat or the gown. And as for the presentation of the idea to the public, the American buyer or the American woman of fashion was simply shown the velvet creations in the atelier of the dressmaker or the milliner. She bought the velvet because she liked it and because it was in fashion. The editors of the American magazines and fashion reporters of the American newspapers, likewise subjected to the actual (although created) circumstance, reflected it in their news, which, in turn, subjected the buyer and the consumer here to the same influences. The result was that what was at first a trickle of velvet became a flood. A demand was slowly, but deliberately, created in Paris and America. A big department store, aiming to be a style leader, advertised velvet gowns and hats on the authority of the French couturiers, and quoted original cables received from them. The echo of the new style note was heard from hundreds of department stores throughout the country which wanted to be style leaders too. Bulletins followed despatches. The mail followed the cables. And the American woman traveler appeared before the ship news photographers in velvet gown and hat. The created circumstances had their effect. "Fickle fashion has veered to velvet," was one newspaper comment. And the industry in the United States again kept thousands busy. The new propaganda, having regard to the constitution of society as a whole, not infrequently serves to focus and realize the desires of the masses. A desire for a specific reform, however widespread, cannot be translated into action until it is made articulate, and until it has exerted sufficient pressure upon the proper law-making bodies. Millions of housewives may feel that manufactured foods deleterious to health should be prohibited. But there is little chance that their individual desires will be translated into effective legal form unless their halfexpressed demand can be organized, made vocal, and concentrated upon the state legislature or upon the Federal Congress in some mode which will produce the results they desire. Whether they realize it or not, they call upon propaganda to organize and effectuate their demand. But clearly it is the intelligent minorities which need to make use of propaganda continuously and systematically. In the active proselytizing minorities in whom selfish interests and public interests coincide lie the progress and development of America. Only through the active energy of the intelligent few can the public at large become aware of and act upon new ideas. Small groups of persons can, and do, make the rest of us think what they please about a given subject. But there are usually proponents and opponents of every propaganda, both of whom are equally eager to convince the majority.
That just about covers it for my kit this month. I have one more LO to share, but will do that later. Snow day today. We had snow mixed with freezing rain last night into this morning. So, no school for my middle. I opted not to drive the other into the cities. Hubby said the roads were horrible. They were in the little neighborhood I live in until a little while ago. They are mostly plowed... now to just convince the guys driving the plow truck to get a little closer to the curb instead of three feet from it.
"Let me just work it out! Oh yes, call it £48,000,000. That'll do"
The cleat consists of two pieces:
Cock-A-Doodle-Do! Rooster editor Paul Jutras is a finalist in the National Campaign Category for his editorial work on Red Urban’s Volkswagen – Drive Until campaign directed by Untitled Film’s Jean-Michel Ravon.
And that's all I've got today.
I began one Monday morning, looking out all the ingredients, carefully buttering the cake tin and even cutting a greaseproof paper circle to fit in the bottom....and set to, all the while listening to Radio 2 and pretending that I was a Real Grown Up. I was wearing make up and perfume and nice trousers. I hope you're impressed.
We left Lake Titicaca and headed to Arequipa, Peru, although we nearly lost our lives on the way there. Stupidly we took the ‘local’ bus, which turned out to be the fishmongers and sales bus. As the workers opened up the bottom of the bus to store our luggage the stench of fish that came out nearly made me sick. Then we had to endure 6 hours of salesmen nattering away in Spanish trying to sell the next moisturizer that will rid you of those annoying wrinkles. No thank you Senor! To top it off, the driver thought he was part of Formula 1 and we nearly had a head on collision with a truck since all of the drivers love to overtake going at top speeds, around bends, with steep cliffs on the side of the road. Fortunately everyone stopped when this truck decided to overtake on a bend and no one went over the edge, however our nerves were tested to the max. As you can imagine we were relieved when we arrived in Arequipa with all limbs attached. We spent four days in the white city calming our nerves, relaxing in the garden of our hotel, eating some delicious food (Alpaca!) and drinking some good coffee! We even found Starbucks! So we have decided that we are now flashpackers! We are travellers that would not dream of doing dorms, we now travel in luxury busses, we eat good food (well when we can) and when we camp we have room service! We saw the flashpacking phrase in a brochure talking about the hotel we were staying at and it kind of stuck…well for Peru anyway.
1 London Air Ambulance
I didn't want this to read like an obituary, but more like a 'this is what Sunrise closing means to me'. When I saw Sara sitting on the back step of Sunrise the day they closed, I asked how she felt. Her response was simply, 'it feels weird.' Owning a business is, as I've said a million times, a lifestyle. The good news is it's a lifestyle you get to choose. I enjoy it because I still feel the passion for creating, for making people happy, for employing local youth, and for being able to spend my time in a happy and social place. It comes with the price of long hours, hard work, risk, and physical labor. I admire Carl for creating something from nothing, for taking a chance on this little town that couldn't, for putting his skills for creating amazing culinary treats to good use, and for getting up at 3:30 am nearly every day of the week for over a decade to do it. I'd guess he and Sara are feeling an emotional hangover of relief, sadness, guilt, angst over the future, and just plain 'weird'. Endings are never easy, but they do give us a chance to stop for a minute and reflect on how far we've come and what we've learned, before we decide where we're going next.
fly to Geneva, Switzerland, and travel around while on Christmas break. Her flight from Geneva to Paris to Pittsburgh was to take place yesterday. So, with snow in the forecast, she had to travel from her small village, Louhans, by train to Geneva. Well, she didn’t want the trains to not run and miss her flight, so she left 2 days early and stayed in a hostel for two nights.
Your assignment this week was to write about sex without writing about the actual act. Because you always want to leave a little to the imagination.
During a radio interview that day, the former ex-quitting half-term Governor of Alaska told a conservative host that she could actually be more influential and powerful if she was not in fact, elected to the most influential and powerful office in the world. She said, “Not being a candidate, really you are unshackled and you’re able to be even more active. I need to be able to say what I want to say.” This type of confusing double-speak of course, was a Palin trademark since that unfortunate day in 2008 when John McCain unleashed the “Disaster from Alaska” on the Lower 48.
We’ve seen lots of deer on the estate recently. You can see them at anytime of the day but most often at dusk and dawn. Paul saw a herd of 23 deer in one of the top fields. The males still had their antlers but they’ll be shedding them very soon.
The paper, which operates out of a building owned by Ridgewood Bushwick, is a more sophisticated version of the kind of mailers that elected officials typically send to constituents, consisting of short articles and photographs of city and state leaders attending Ridgewood Bushwick-sponsored events in Lopez’s district.
The original idea was to explore how young people fared in a difficult situation with no adults around. So, although the plan wasn't necessarily to create a science fiction series, it turned out to be the best vehicle for what I was writing. And that's fine with me, because some of the most inspiring and thought-provoking books I read as a kid were science fiction. I cut my teeth on Arthur C. Clarke, Isaac Asimov, and Michael Crichton (his VERY early days).
I hope you don't mind me sharing my excitement with you, I am just flabbergasted!! This December was my first time entering in some challenges so I am so very happy I was chosen, makes me want to create right now! Can't wait to tell hubby that his Christmas card is a WINNER, he he he!
1. Avoid standing near transdimensional vortices. They are dangerous and you are likely to be sucked in.
LOPEZ: Thank you, Wolf. I’m joined now by Elizabeth Cuevas- Neunder. She is the CEO and founder of the Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce in Florida. She is based out of Tampa.
The Darwin Gate is three separate structures which unite to create an apparently solid structure. What does it mean? How does the form convey the meaning? The sculpture apparently combines the form of a Saxon helmet with a Norman window inspired by features of St Mary's Church which Darwin attended as a boy. They claim that as darkness descends defused light shines through the columns suggesting stained glass windows with the tops of the posts resemble ecclesiastical arches. When it unites it resembles the shape of a church window. However, there is no connection with Darwin and the transmission of meaning to the public is split. It is called The Eggbeater.
there are already tens of millions of years of history. It can be said also that many
happy weekending! I am going to have a WONDERFUL weekend. how bout you?
Friday night saw me sitting at the dining room table, wine glass in one hand, glue gun in the other watching Game of Thrones with Mr Mack, but I did it!
Once Kitty figures out that she hasn't flipped, she starts to wonder why a ghost should be resident in the school biology lab. When Rat-man starts haunting Kitty, finding out why and when he died becomes top priority. The mystery seems somehow tied to rich Roderick Eaton, owner of Eaton Antiques. Kitty, her gran and younger siblings rent the flat above his shop on the Portobello Road and now Eaton wants to evict them.
Amazing! I’ve been walking past it for eight months before I finally wandered in at lunchtime today.
Introverted Sensing often involves storing data and information, then comparing and contrasting the current situation with similar ones….the image can be so strong, our body responds as if reliving the experience. The process also involves reviewing the past to draw on the lessons of history, hindsight, and experience.
KRIS: Nothing. G’night, Pa!
Hi Everyone~ I hope you all had a fun and safe Halloween. My family and some friends had a wonderfully frightful evening. It was the first time my daughter wanted to "really" trick or treat and that added to the fun. It was a night filled with fun, laughter,haunts and LOTS OF YUMMY CANDY. Here are some of my favorites from the past couple of days.
Loving this last picture.
I'm sure we could spend all kinds of time trying to equate different family members between the two, but suffice to say that both families are politically connected, powerful, and have the unfortunate draw of death before their time.
Jerry Jeff Walker
Definition: The one guy lurking in the corner who is ignored by everybody, but that’s okay, because he’s really only there to draw in a minor demographic.
Throughout Christendom, Protestantism was menaced by formidable foes. The first triumphs of the Reformation past, Rome summoned new forces, hoping to accomplish its destruction. At this time the order of the Jesuits was created, the most cruel, unscrupulous, and powerful of all the champions of popery. Cut off from earthly ties and human interests, dead to the claims of natural affection, reason and conscience wholly silenced, they knew no rule, no tie, but that of their order, and no duty but to extend its power. The gospel of Christ had enabled its adherents to meet danger and endure suffering, undismayed by cold, hunger, toil, and poverty, to uphold the banner of truth in face of the rack, the dungeon, and the stake. To combat these forces, Jesuitism inspired its followers with a fanaticism that enabled them to endure like dangers, and to oppose to the power of truth all the weapons of deception. There was no crime too great for them to commit, no deception too base for them to practice, no disguise too difficult for them to assume. Vowed to perpetual poverty and humility, it was their studied aim to secure wealth and power, to be devoted to the overthrow of Protestantism, and the re-establishment of the papal supremacy.
Jennifer Lawrence: When I was playing Mystique in X-Men, I remember thinking, If I'm going to be naked in paint in front of the entire world, I'm going to look like a woman. I'm going to have curves and have boobs and have a butt. Because girls are going to look at that, and if I look like a scarecrow, they are going to think, Oh, that's normal. It's not normal. I'm just so sick of these young girls with diets. I remember when I was 13 and it was cool to pretend to have an eating disorder because there were rumors that Lindsay Lohan and Nicole Richie were anorexic. I thought it was crazy. I went home and told my mom, "Nobody's eating bread--I just had to finish everyone's burgers." I think it's really important for girls to have people to look up to and feel good about themselves.
Walk your own path, but this time swagger.
(that totally rhymed!)
Owing to both a welcome batch of pre-SXSW writing assignments and an unwelcome kid sickness, I've been mired in blog silence all week. There's plenty to write about, but no time to write.
Hail to the God Resident at Delos and at Rome–Rejoice! You are praised!
April Wine paid tribute to Clench on the band's website, but Greenway said they had lost touch with him after he left.
Dear Parents, You should worry about who your child's friends are, because his friends will be very influential in his life. His friends will have an affect on his self-esteem, his eating habits, his chances of doing drugs, and lots of other important things. You should combat this possible negative influence by trying to be influential in your child's life. But you must do this while never attempting to be your child's friend. Don't ask why. Trying to talk about it will only make us angry. So just don't do it. Good luck. Sincerely,
In The Plot Against The Pope; Coup dé’tat in the Conclave–1958, Gary Giuffré discusses how French Masonic influences who had infiltrated the Catholic clergy in the 1800s were working overtime to suppress and discredit the Secret of La Salette, even though its message had been officially favored by two popes. This was because at that time, prophetic references to Rome “becoming the seat of Antichrist” was forming a common eschatology among Catholic scholars like Cardinal Henry Manning (discussed elsewhere in the upcoming book Petrus Romanus: The Final Pope Is Here), Bishop Salvator Grafen Zola, and Frederick William Helle, who saw in these predictions the work of Masonically infested clergy who plotted the overthrow of the papacy and the use of the Church as a political vehicle for an occult World Order. “These kinds of details, found in the genuine, modern-day, Marian prophecies, would always generate the greatest opposition from the Church’s enemies who had infiltrated her structures,” wrote Giuffré. “For they threatened to expose the satanic plot and long-time goal of the Masonic Lodge’s agents in the Vatican, to usurp and control the papal chair.”[vi]
Here some pictures:
“…in the patient’s warped mind-set, each new piece of gun-control legislation is oddly rationalized to be merely one additional step in an ultimate plot by the federal government to confiscate guns altogether. In some unusually severe cases, the patient assumes a survivalist mentality, stockpiling guns, ammunition, de-hydrated food, and other “essentials,” in preparation…”
has always been behind
The two sisters stared at one another across the room as the object of their affection – their adored daughter – proceeded to tell of her epic adventure. Only when they were required to respond did they break their gaze and ‘ooh’ and ‘ahh’ with her delightful story, bright smiles on both their faces now, their eyes twinkling. Only once more did their eyes meet, and that was prompted by the shadow of Laura’s husband at the door who looked between them and cocked his head questioningly. Their expressions faltered momentarily as their eyes made contact, and Laura just shook her head ‘no’ while Hayley squeezed Lily-Rose tightly on her lap.
JRWVT Blog (jrwvtblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
So, some rethinking about tomorrow:
here and post it in a comment. The contest will start tonight
I hate not having my computer, I can't wait til its fixed.
This is a new class that I am offering at my local Michael's store. The student can start with any size or style of canvas that they would like, i used 8x8 plain white, with a bit fatter of side pieces.
-Cena taunts Brock but ends up in another arm lock on top of the steel steps.
Why use a plant based non-isolate protein, EVEN if you aren't a vegan? Whey and Soy isolate proteins are very acid forming within your body and hard for you to digest and absorb. They create an acidic environment in your body and you react by pulling calcium from your bones to act as a buffer from the acid, long term this can cause a decrease in bone density and even osteoporosis. Which is why countries with a high intake of animal proteins, like dairy, which are very acidic actually see a HIGHER rate of osteoporosis even though they ingest more calcium.
But writing Scotch was a different issue. Every second sentence would be Jillian finishing a glass of Scotch. I had to start making charts to see how drunk she would be. I had to change “I drank the glass of Scotch” to “I tipped the Scotch back,” and other horrors.
Thanks so much for all the wonderful entries into our Bold and Bright Colors challenge! All the entries were gorgeous and thanks so much to all of you who used an image from MILKCOFFEE SHOP. It is always awesome to see everyone's work with our images:)
At the weekend Bob went home. Water was heated on the fire and a tin bath was filled. He took half his dirty clothes home for washing and left them until the following Saturday when he brought the second half and so on…. Out of his five shilling wage he paid an insurance premium to cover if he needed a doctor. There was no pension deduction as there was no state pension at this time.
* * ALL AGES!!! * *
The trouble with Menahem Begin and Yitzhak Shamir was that they sounded as foreign and alien as their Palestinian rivals – and their suits were not as smart as Abba Eban’s had been.
Just love this confusing So. Cal weather...
The vehicle was thoroughly searched in my presence by our anti-bomb disposal experts and nothing incriminating was recovered. In essence, neither weapon nor explosives were found in it. Investigation into the case has commenced.
“We are now running out of time, and the question now is not what is happening to the climate, but how bad will it be before the world starts doing enough?” ~ Jonathon Porritt
John and Roberto take a look back at “Spartacus: Vengeance”-what worked for us, what didn’t work, and what would we would have done differently. Plus we share your comments and discuss what is coming up next for Jupiter’s Rooster during the off-season!
CIA Director Propaganda: Cyber attack could be next “Pearl Harbor” City of San Francisco Says Its Toxic Sludge is Good for You Fomenting Armageddon: Jerusalem’s Colonization and Western Apathy Watch: Ultra Zionists Take Manhattan, and Demand the Holy LandSpeakers at an extremist rally lash out at Jewish groups and Dem politicians, warn that cozying up to Obama would endanger Israel and imperil the settlement enterprise. Proposal: All New Yorkers Become Organ Donors $50-$60 Billion Laundered from US nonprofits into illegal West Bank colonies creates threat of terrorism backlash No Wonder Christians Are Lost How the Western Media Promotes a Mistaken View of the World
Boy am I glad I did! Carey really does the 1st person POV well, and Castor’s second adventure/case/torment is a doozy. The cops use him for chasing down perps, his friend Rafi is still possessed by a nasty (possibly the nastiest) demon named Asmodeus and the Doctor’s where he is kept are threatening to throw him out, his apprentice is a soul sucking/eating succubus who he can’t stop desiring, there are people around London committing atrocious acts of violence the likes of which they never would normally do, and Castor’s zombie friend is on edge and looking to kill him. Did I miss anything? Hopefully not. And that’s just the first 50 pages or so. Funnily enough, Castor is approached by a couple who want him to find their lost/kidnapped daughter Abbie…and there is only one problem with that, she’s dead and they want him to find her ghost.
I just learned of the unexpected passing of a dear friend of mine.
his daughter’s age
Tips and Tricks:
A writer of fiction couldn't come up with as much tragic irony as that which surrounded Christina's brief life. She was born on September 11, 2001 and she died on just as violent a day as the one in which she came into this troubled world.
When morning came, Randi rose very quick,
Hopeful - Run/Walk twice a week minimum with a one week a month forgiveness making up on the next or previous week totalling 8 times a month, but only of which 3 are in the same week
Anyone care to leave a counter-review?
The fact is the only thing that we are working towards in life is our own happiness and growth.
Go for it, and about those mines, yes there are and no, not all around anymore, and in case there are, or you want to go hiking cross country, each and everyone has info, and in each town there is information available.
I bought this book for my physics A level studying son last Christmas, and decided to give it a go myself. I like a bit of popular science now and again. Not just because I think Brian Cox is dead cute, honestly. (Did you know he was the keyboard player for D:Ream, of Things Can Only Get Better fame?) He is cute though, isn't he?
Tang was accused of paying $50 to have sex with the girl, leading some to speculate that it may be the same girl who slept with 80 over men.
‘I’m worried…’
The 200-card base set will be divided into five 40-card subsets. Four of those will feature a variety of players, although mostly current stars, on cards meant to evoke one of four classic Topps designs: 1954, 1971, 1980 and 1984. The remaining 40 cards make up the short-printed All-Time Fan Favorites subset. Like the All-Time Fan Favorites sets of the middle part of the last decade
and color you a picture this year
30. Your dad must be an awsome baker, because you have rad buns!
Loyal and insecure. Witty
What Fred says above reiterates of course themes frequently encountered above in the words of other conservative thinkers. There is great consistency in what conservatives see as the dominant themes in conservatism, with individual liberty always prominent.
“Windspren,” Kaladin said. “Chasing after the storm. Are you certain you don’t want to go with them?”
Just to show you how dense the cornfield is, here is a photo of me standing three feet inside the stalks. (I’m in the far left row. You can see the shadow of my head in the bottom left hand corner of the picture.) When I realized how impossible it would be for you to see me, I considered taking another photo. Then I remembered: Startled deer. Foxes. And who knows – maybe even another me.
Families of kidnapped Kosovo Serbs have brought photos to remind of their missing loved ones to the big rally in the Serbian capital on February 21, 2008.
Initially, the sales figures were decent which indicated that the Indians are responding well. However, it soon became apparent that many people had bought Corn Flakes as a one-off, novelty purchase. Another big issue is its price, the product is too expensive for the Indian middle-class. Meanwhile, Kellogg’s didn’t reduce the price and decided to launch other products in India. Indian cereal buyers were introduced to Chocos, Rice Flakes, Wheat Flakes, All Bran, Honey Flakes and few other line extensions where none of them have managed to really succeed in a big scale.
This makes a lot, about 4 C.
1 cap full apple cider vinegar
Another attractive feature of these kitchens includes its durability. Kitchen accessories of these types last for a long period of time if bought from an authentic dealer.
He watched her walk away with an apologetic smile. she was not repulsed by the scar that ran from his lift eyebrow, curved away from his cheek and jagged back to his chin? she wasn’t afraid?
Many people have asked why I chose to leave Cartoon Network. I wish I could tell you that it was because I found out my boss was really a pirate, or that I got into a fist fight with both Finn and Jake. Maybe management decided to rent my office out, and then asked me to work on the parking garage. But no, there wasn't anything like that.
Cold soba for the boys today, decorated with pandas made from quail eggs. It's fast and simple to do, which left me with some time in the morning to do up a tutorial. So, hope you will find it useful if you want to try it out. :)
I just love it and I think I have found a new passion. Tranferware! I have a few pieces but definitely will keep my eye out for more to go in my collection. One thought is to make this into a lovely sink for a powder room in our new one-day home. Hubby also came home with these:
One day, I hope to photograph Chernobyl. It’s probably been done a thousand times over by now, but the idea of an entire population vanishing from a city in one day, leaving everything behind, is enough for me to want to go. I enjoy abandoned places. They’re very peaceful, but somehow you are always on edge. It’s a weird feeling I suppose. When I arrive in Ottawa, I’d like to look for a couple of places to practice this fun style of photography. Anyone interested is welcome to tag along! I hear there is strength in numbers when it comes to ghosts that haunt places like this…
When I turn to dust and insect food
Until when do you want to live like the others?
A friend also had a bad bottle of this and another friend had a bad pint in a bar but that may well have been to the bar not cleaning their pipes correctly.
Each of us is assigned to write about our chosen topic for TEN days. That should be easy since we've been accidentally unschooling for quite a while now (read: two children under 3 in the house - and two teens with health problems these past two years).
“Yeah, they’ll roar and flap their wings noisily at night.” Nadia shifted her weight.
Thank you for being my inspiration and friend
The process, costing tens of millions of pounds, threatens to roll on for at least another year and probably two.
However the anger has now passed and I have settled into having to inject myself twice a day, and make sure I eat at regular times. I am slowing regaining the weight that I had lost but have still not fully regained my strength. I guess it will take time.
C: … may press con
Today we're back with the second group post for Papertrey Ink, and we're showing projects made with the new SUMMER CAMP stamp set and papers!
3) Don’t give them reason to worry. If your dog is a alone-at-home barker, one way to diminish barking is by conveying to them the idea that it’s no big deal to be home alone, and that the home is a place of rest. You can help your dog understand this by not working them up when you come and go. Don’t say “ok, honey, Mommy’s going to leave now, but you just stay home and be a good boy!” Nonchalantly pick up your keys and go without a word to your pup. When you come home, practice no touch, no talk, no eye contact to help your dog understand that it’s no big deal when you come home either (I realize that this takes a lot of self discipline, but it IS worth it to your pet!). Feel free to love and cuddle your dog like crazy when they are being calm. Your goal as pack leader and authority figure is to promote calmness in your canine (this is what pack leaders do in the wild).
Dr. Mikovits:
In a large bowl combine the yeast and water and let sit until it is foamy. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, egg, oil, sugar, and salt. Add milk mixture to the yeast mixture and stir until combined. Add all the flour and stir until it forms a shaggy dough. Knead for 10 minutes. The finished dough should be smooth, feel slightly tacky, and spring back when poked. Return the dough to the mixing bowl and cover and let rise until doubled - about 1 hour in a warm spot. Place the dough onto a lightly floured counter and divide the dough into 8 pieces. Shape each piece of dough into a circle and place on a baking sheet. Let rise again until they are about the size of a hamburger bun - about 30 to 40 minutes. Melt the butter and brush it over the risen hamburger buns. Bake at 375 for 15 to 18 minutes, or until golden brown.
Hi I’m known as Kasey ~ in Oz out there in blogland, I’ve been a creative person for most of my life and tired my hand at all sorts of crafts from Leadlighting to Millenary, Ceramics to Beading. I found papercrafts about 6 years ago, I was going through some stuff the other day and found a few of those early cards. OH MY! How far I’ve come since those days. I dabble in Scrapbooking now and then my 3 year old granddaughter is the subject of most of my pages……AND….I have found a new love ….’Copic Markers’! I’m slowly building my collection as well as my knowledge on how to use them. I love bling, Vintage style, layers and detail on my cards and I really struggle with CAS! I consider myself to be a bit of an aging hippy and love paisley, folk music and then I move on to 60s and 70s rock! : ) I am so proud and excited to have been selected to be part of the Southern Girls challenge team and hope to provide our followers with inspiration from my projects. I’m amazed and thrilled to have found so many lovely ‘Blends’ (blog friends) through playing along with challenges and being part of design teams over the past year.
counting it an honor if they were made a spectacle to the world, to angels and men;
If we take up any form of higher Yoga practice, pranayama, mantra or meditation, we are likely to have various experiences, some of which may be quite dramatic. These experiences may be spiritual,
but whatever. i’m toasting to a good year ahead, seeing as i’m leaving school in less than ten weeks, and i’ll be getting my license at the end of the year (damn freaking right i’m getting it, there’s no what if! because then i’ll have to maybe, say, commit suicide), and hopefully enroll in a good college and start living life :) i’m also toasting to good maggi gorengs and ramly burgers, 7-11s, pavillion and de haven; miniskirts and high heels, all-year-long summer weather, chivas and vodka, sticks and stones, and old and new friends.
I am stubborn like her. I am free and mindful like him. I am driven like him, and crafty like her. I love to read a good book, like her. I believe in second chances because of him; I believe in love because of her. I fight like her. I appreciate more because I didn't have him around. Of everything they gave me, didn't give me, I am like them. I am. At times, I wanted to be someone else. Someone prettier, richer, blonder. I wanted. I wanted more than I was given. I was greedy and ungrateful. Now, I want nothing more than what I have. A family, the friends that are worth having, knowledge some would kill for, and hope. Hope that things will happen how they are meant to.
4x Zealous Conscripts
“Alright, yeah,” I said, playing along.
In March 1941, Reuben James joined the convoy escort force established to promote the safe arrival of war materials to Britain. This escort force guarded convoys as far as Iceland, where they became the responsibility of British escorts. Based at Hvalfjordur, Iceland, she sailed from Argentia, Newfoundland, 23 October 1941, with four other destroyers to escort eastbound convoy HX-156. While escorting that convoy, at about 0525, on 31 October 1941, Reuben James was torpedoed by German submarine U-562. Her magazine exploded, and she sank quickly. Of the crew, 44 survived, and 115 died. Reuben James was the first U.S. Navy ship sunk by hostile action in World War II.
You are sure interested in me. Out of the 100 visits my site meter shows you represented 21 of those visits, that is almost 1/4 of all of my visits!
She gazed again at the beautiful skyline before her, caressing the snifter. She drained it viciously, resisting the urge to smash it in the fireplace. She had to remember, that this was what she wanted. In the safe were all the documents they’d need. They’d know why.
Start now you will need ages.
The TLC challenge is Stamping Nostalgia. Holly challenged us to make a card without using the newfangled stamping stuff like die cuts and embossing folders. Eek! This looks naked without an embossed background. But then, I'll probably use this for Jack's birthday and he wouldn't appreciate embossing anyway.
So............here is mine now!
Give a better value for ones mobile customers by making a dedicated opt-in database selection for them. It will assist you to provide your clients that has a superior value and also a great experience while simultaneously providing you an extremely bigger bargain. It’s actually a win-win situation here.
Casually having a fag out of my bathroom window because i’m so upset right now.
Preheat oven to 400 F. Lightly grease 9x13 pan; set aside. Combine sauce, water, ricotta 1 c mozzarella, sausage, parmesan and penne. Pour into 9x13 pan and cover with foil. Bake 55 min. Remove foil and top with remaining mozzarella cheese. Bake 5-10 min, til bubbly. Let cook for 15-20 min.
That was really hard about the Biennale…
that is so powerful
Oh, no. No, no, no. Is this woman an idiot??!! Jesus Christ, I thought. But, I said nothing. It’s rare someone has me speechless, but this time, this time, was one of those moments.
Have a great day all...
We, therefore, conclude the Board did not err in holding that the prior district court litigation did not prevent the Deutsch reference from raising a "substantial new question of patentability" under § 303(a). As properly interpreted a "substantial new question of patentability" refers to a question which has never been considered by the PTO; thus, a substantial new question can exist even if a federal court previously considered the question.
I made sure to give you a good view of both the front and the back. The print is ongoing and completely wraps around the entirety of the bag, covering the bottom as well. Even more vibrant in person, these colors really pop! I LOVE it :) The slightly textured material has a nice glossy sheen to it, which further adds to the "showy" personality of this bag. The leather, on the other hand, is completely smooth and matte. Its color will patina with time/use.
Schoolboys covers the under-16s currently training full time at London Colney, such as Chuba Akpom and Jack Jebb.
This story has made me realise the true bond of mother and chil
Our first seasonal film took six of our Spring Summer 2011 campaign images, shot by renowned photographer Tim Walker, and used visual effects; animation, rotoscoping and repainting, to make the pictures come alive.
I have been aging my Old Ale for way too long (since Jan 2011) and needed something to take its place. My evolution in beer flavors has taken me to really enjoying barleywines, mostly english varieties. And within that style towards the sweeter and less hop aroma/flavor side. I also like the ones I have had with just a hint of oak character to make you think it has a lot of age on it (plus I really like the flavor of oak).
We’ll be voting 9:30PM sharp for ACF Exec next year. Please continue to pray.
Simplicity is not about reducing ourselves to a smaller size - it is about clearing the clutter and chaos to create the space to grow into our true selves.
Sister Disco
And she’s helped produce and host seven movies now, so she would bring an entire, I think, artistic flavor.
Gray Tee
We measured and drew up a plan of her room.We looked through a catalogue and she chose the things she would like in her room.We took the measurements and made cardboard cutouts to scale and stuck them on the "room" in the position she wanted them.Milly was with me throughout this process and helped with measuring and looking up the measurements for the furniture in the catalogue,and cutting out the shapes.She had got a little fed up and wandered off to play when it took me ages to work out how to do a scale drawing (never had to do one since school and have, of course, forgotten all that info) of the room dimensions! I wanted it to be big enough for her to get a sense of how it would look.I had trouble finding just the right scale to do that, without it being too complicated . I faffed around and got there eventually!
“What do they call grown-ups who take care of cubs?”
I hate this movie with a passion,it’s the kind of movie that gives independent movies a bad name,I am not a fan of Shakespear,but I decided not to let that put me off watching the film.
Cameron responded with a ringing endorsement for his host, ticking off the President's achievements in his response toast.
Mitch: Do you need the spelling for ‘Prix Lumiere?’
My heart may throb and ache,
I cut the die and cut strips of card stock and weaved the "basket".
____
Click below to gobble up the entire, yummy bag of 19 posts. Bon Appetite!
UPDATE 6:02 PM: Also, if I talk about people whining and you think I'm talking about you, that may be something for you to figure out on your own without getting pissed off at me about it. Just a thought.
This giveaway is INTERNATIONAL (YAY! I hear you all cheer). I will choose the winner on August 26 which, incidentally is my birthday! I am changing the end date to September 1st because I have a simultaneous giveaway on Goodreads and there is a small chance one person could win both books. I LOVE my birthday. Because it is near the end of August I spend the ENTIRE month counting it down.
Meanwhile, the epic battle for the future of all worlds, modern and fairytale alike, is about to begin. For good to win, Emma will have to accept her destiny and fight like hell.
A man marches forward and gestures his folded hands.
One more final quick note: That blue t-shirt is one of maybe 6 or 8 garments that I held on to from when I was my heaviest. The rest went to Goodwill in mid-August. I took a picture of everything I gave away before loading up my trunk – it was about 75% of my total wardrobe at the time!
And I was all "Well Daddy is in big, big trouble for doing that - I have rules you know!"
I picked out a plain front door and painted it barn red, which I had left over from the red front door at the fixer upper house. I know, I know I've gone wild and crazy with all these red front doors all over the place ;)
My Impressions
Lately, I’ve tried to convince myself that I would be better without the expectations of a monogamous relationship. I tried to do that when my college crush Isaac asked,
You can imagine the rapturous joy of fans everywhere when a sequel, Duke Nukem Forever, was announced in 1997, and scheduled to launch the following year. 1998 came, and no Duke Nukem, only a trailer at E3 and the announcement that the game developers would be switching from Quake to Unreal engine (hence the delay). Then came 2000, 2001, 2007, 2009. Still no sign of the Duke, only announcements about the game switching developers and some insubstantial teaser trailers. In other words, Duke Nukem died and went to development hell, seemingly forever. Read more about it here.
I will never forget how Jin Ho received Gae In while she’s venting out her feelings in Episode 4. Minho’s eyes there and his expression, superb!
Amit Bansal answers, Absolutely you can. You can escalate it to the HR and they can organize for a review process based on the organization’s HR policies.
Ohobilah’s smile grew wider. Everyone loved her so much. She knew she belonged where she was, at the head, with the king, as thousands of people cheered them. This was right. This was good. She fiddled with her bracelet happily, waving regally every once in a while, gently removing her arm from the king’s. He turned to her and kissed her cheek. His eyes were so passionate…so loving…so kind. Ohobilah looked down to the crowd. Their eyes were filled with the same love, the same beauty.
We are going to have moments when we think everything is completely out of control, when we get totally overwhelmed by our circumstances and forget that God has a perfect plan. The storm seems so dark and powerful that it blots out the face of God. It’s so easy to forget that we can trust His heart.
9. Laundry. I just cannot get ahead of the beast this week. It is piling up everywhere & I can't seem to get it done fast enough.
…to quote a completely different song…
For some reason the cold is REALLY bothering me this year. The past few years it sort of bounced off me, but this year I just can't warm up. I'm cold ALL the time, even in bed. Usually I get really hot when I go to sleep, and end up tossing off the covers, but now I burrow under the covers and don't even stick out my arms. I'm just a little tuft of hair peeking out of the duvet. And, with the dark mornings, there is really NO incentive to come out. It's like the whole Earth is telling me to take a nap, all day every day. And I really, REALLY want to. Right now I kind of wish I was a bear and could just hibernate. Hibernate all fat and furry in a cave and come out skinny, hungry and ready to kick some ass in the spring. Sounds kind of good, doesn't it?
Businesses like Waterman’s Grille, located right next to the site for the surfing championships, can’t wait for what’s to come.
_____Keep getting this message.....Object cannot be liked. Must be because I don't like stupid shit.
Hear No Bullshit
06- intervista 3.01
Meaning: This color is a symbol of EDS, childhood depression, missing children, open records for adoptees, environmental concerns, kidney cancer, tissue/organ donation, homeopathy, Lyme Disease, and worker and driving safety.
Thank you for stopping by today to visit my blog. We have some sunshine again in this part of WI and the temperature is to reach 72 degrees today. After so many cloudy and rainy days I love it! Wishing you a happy weekend!
DOCTOR DOWN UNDER
So, while I may seem scattered, I would rather refer to myself as eclectically interested, eclectically interested with a purpose.
I know I know, I've been m.i.a. this week.
My husband's family used to breed them and we read that they are great dogs. Protectors, hunters, great with children and other dogs. We thought this breed would be perfect. And we wanted a rescue. Well upon contacting the Rescues in Texas (there are 4) and Oklahoma, everyone refused to let us adopt because we were considering having children. They all claim that all the dogs returned to them have nipped at kids when they aren't left alone and can need their space. Um, hello, that's every dog I know. Plus we wouldn't let our children terrorize our dogs! We would be better parents then that. So we were unanimously denied. Our hearts broke. We had our hopes set on these little snowy angels and all 7 of the shelters wouldn't even give us a chance.
Leftside ft Syon - Nuh Other Girl
Something to end with, my pretty flowers and edible arrangements that were sent to me after we arrived home from the hospital! I just never posted these! And, mmmmmmm that fruit was delish! :)
She enters in the house. She looks around. Within the darkness covering the house there is a ray of light. Something is wrong, she knows it. The light; where the light comes from? She moves fast, her body shifts as a puma’s shade, she reaches closer to the light, and she feels the warmth of its beam.
It’s tough to stay under 600 calories and still get enough to eat here. A McDouble is 390 calories. A six piece McNuggets with one small sauce is 330. Get one of those with a small fry (230), I guess. When I have to resort to this I’m usually hungry again sooner than I’d like. I guess you could do a fruit and yogurt parfait (160) instead of the fries. I mean, if you're into that.
The workshop was the most organized place in the house. Nestled in the basement, it was Dad’s own little corner of the house. It was cluttered and smelled of sawdust and was full of interesting bits and pieces.
<U+FEFF><U+FEFF> Lame or awesome...you be the judge.
* DARK GODDESS carries on the story of Billi SanGreal and The Templars and their fight with the Unholy. What inspired you in the writing of DARK GODDESS?
I often feel that thinking about autism using different terms is useful. One of the easiest analogies to understand is racism - so I guess that this is the first group that I'm going to insult (sorry).
With our local preschool co-op, we took the kids outside and we built a scale model of our solar system using various balls as props. This really gives the kids an idea of how large our solar system is. We used a 16 foot wide sun made out of old yellow sheets sewn together. For the rest of the planets we used various balls that were aproximatly the correct diameter. If you want to replicate this experiment at home, you can use this cool calculator to determine the sizes and distances of your "to scale" model.
Stampin Up Butterfly Embosslit
I never realised until a few years ago how neat, orderly and controlled everything in my life was - apart from the whole moving house every year or so which almost drove me nuts but kept Sidekick happy. I suppose I should have guessed that I'm a bit of a control freak, seeing as I'm a librarian. But there is still a bit of the rebel about me.
Sheep racing, which is thought to have originated in New Zealand, sees 16 sheep, in four heats of four, racing round a 100m track before a grand final between the winners.
Normally, I’d queue my tattered list of excuses, but not today. Excuses are a stumbling block to the facts; that is, I’m learning to acknowledge my own distractibility. It’s a serious affliction — for me — that goes beyond what I’ve always understood as writer’s block.
Welcome to our last CLP Sketch challenge for the year.
The panelists from the Ipasa side were immediately labeled as defense lawyers, in a mock trial, defending a man presumed guilty of ruining the path of development for all Filipinos. We were given a heavier burden of defending PNoy, whom, is already tagged by this particular network’s perception of the Court of Public Opinion as a charlatan and a chauvinist pig.
Your choice.
Today that changed. You have to tune in you see - focus. They're there, but not that apparent until you see one, which then enables you to see another, then another and then, before you know it, they're popping up everywhere.
“Alcohol is a symbolic vehicle for identifying, describing, constructing and manipulating cultural systems, values and interpersonal relationships,” says the Social Issues Research Centre in the UK.
This is the step where belief in something greater than ourselves becomes a necessity.
Happy Stamping! Hope your day rocked!
To save their livelihoods, Carly and Michelle will undertake a turbulent truce. It’ll take more than a successful season to move beyond their devastating past, but with a little luck and a beautiful summer, they may just rediscover the friendship of a lifetime.
169. Lately a lot of netizens in China spread issues about his plastic surgery.
The Psychiatrists thought the whole idea was madness.
So what are you cooking up this week? Were you the lady at Target who elbowed my baby trying to get to the last can of mixed nuts?? Fess up!!
Cause for celebration in other words!
Register for the 7th Association for Southeast Asian Cinemas Conference (19-22 June 2012) to be held at the National Museum of Singapore. Registration is free, space allowing, courtesy of the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) Centre for Liberal Arts and Social Sciences.
I ended up selling an old fan, 2 bathroom shelves, a tile cutter, and some clothes, for $10.50. That was more money than I came with :) And after next week, the stuff that doesn't sell is getting donated. Adela sold the most (she had a TON of SpongeBob room decoration thing and baby/girl/boy clothes), then Andrea (end table set), then me, then Katy, then Laurie. But we all sold something. And that's important :) We'll do better next week, though.
zipper foot
Lyman
Well, when my mother moved from a 3-bedroom house to a 1-bedroom apartment, she went ahead and let her children choose from the things she didn't have space to keep. I got the paintings. And I finally got around to getting them re-framed; they are in my living room right now.
The main goal of all should be to increase Liberty and reduce suffering.
Popsicle sticks, ribbon pieces, buttons, beads, colorful paper, markers, crayons, glue, stickers, yarn, flowers, greeting cards, etc. We gave ours to Tiny Tim’s Daycare.
Years ago when thinking of the waste of paper in all the paper back books that are thrown away I started recycling them. With his table saw, my husband cut through many of our previously read books in different angles. I proceeded to fold them into themselves forming all sorts of shapes. When these were first constructed I sprayed them with a light coat of white paint....just enough to give them a common color but letting the print show through. For this centerpiece I dripped paint of many colors on the little sculptures to have them blend with the drop cloth. Then I just piled them down the center of the table.
Whenever I’m sick or I can’t sleep, I read TVTropes. Much like the Internet itself, it is infinite, so there’s no lack of new or interesting things to read about or analyze–I’m particularly fond of alternate interpretations of certain properties. While working my way around TVTropes, I stumbled upon a reference to Plastic Jesus, a novella by Poppy Z. Brite. It sounded interesting–what if a Beatles analogue had affected the course of gay rights? But getting my hands on a copy proved difficult. Physical copies are obtainable at upwards of thirty dollars on Amazon, and my usual thrift stores are nowhere near getting a novella like Plastic Jesus donated. But finally, I found a copy of it available on Barnes & Noble’s website, as an eBook. It was even half off, so I knew it was time to cross it off the list.
She says, pleaaaaase help me get to a good new home!
That saved a wretch like me....
“I only hope that they go the right way about it, which is to criminalise the purchase of sex, because nothing will change for prostituted women and girls until the commercialisation of female bodies is dealt the hammer-blow it so richly deserves.
Left to right in the top photo: Jennifer, Molly, Sally, Me and Kimberly. My sister came too, but she's the one who took this photo. Actually, she took all of these, because I was so caught up in making things and chatting, that I forgot to take pictures. (bad blogger!)
Yet there is some people who's days drone on
With emotions restraining,
Congratulations to Karyn and Chris and thank you for letting snap & tumble be a part of your special day!
Look at this mess. By the time I finished it was just a pile of crumbs... and tasteless crumbs at that. I didn't even bother licking my fingers to pick them up.....
Sprig of mint
She was beside herself with excitement!
I have used my Truvia in the two ways mentioned above - on my grapefruit and in my coffee. I've been on a grapefruit kick lately, so I've been eating several a week. While I love grapefruit, I need it to be a little sweeter. Truvia was great for this! My grapefruit was a bit sweetener, and I didn't have to worry about all the extra calories of sugar. It also tastes great in coffee. Again, I love coffee, but I need it sweeter than it naturally is. Truvia is perfect for coffee.
Specific problems aside, among the main reasons we are going wrong are the following:
When I was 17 a shift happened. I don’t know exactly why it did, but I do know that as things got better in Leah and our dad’s relationship, things seemed to improve within our relationship. I’m not a psychologist but I believe that as she addressed old feelings of rejection from our dad, as well as her own insecurities as a child/teen, she was able to evaluate the driving force behind the cruelty she exhibited towards me. Leah began to make changes and apologized several times. I don’t know how many times, but I think she knew she would have to say it a lot. She was determined to make sure I knew how sincere she was each time she did so too.
It would be where our JM children could hang out in the shade, play and just be kids while we adults did what we could to draw attention to their cause.
There are certain recipes I'm just drawn to, with no real rhyme or reason behind it. When I came across this recipe in Cooking Light Magazine, it pulled me in, and the next day I was at the market buying all the ingredients. Well, the ingredients I determined were necessary, that is. Originally, this "pizza" (which I put in quotes, because in my strong and judgmental opinion, anything resembling a pizza without red sauce is called a flatbread) was topped with six poached eggs. I swapped out the eggs for center-cut bacon, because runny yolks make for poor finger food. Fun fact: a slice of center-cut bacon has half the saturated fat and calories of an egg.
Other sources would be books and articles and identifying colleagues at other companies that have had a lot of inter-cultural experience.
Read on for Kole's Interview with Aaron Karo:
I'm really tired of sweeping the floor. With six children dropping food on the floor, all I do is sweep. I could use the help.
Since my initial post, I have had several conversations with girlfriends who have been struggling to navigate their way through messy situations. Among them are matters of the heart, career, and family. This got me thinking about how one might navigate those choppy waters and make their way to a (mentally) peaceful harbour.
Back we headed, weaving through the streets again, past the main temple, the markets and the Palace. Near the riverfront, we veered into a network of criss-crossing streets and before long we drew up at the Lazy Gecko Café!
Never step back but Face all forces that oppose you, and your race to the Victory, is awaiting for you.
2) Breastfeeding: Yes or No? No. I wanted to breastfeed and I tried everything. Within 3 days of birth, my milk production was 15 mL total every 3 hours. Not enough for a newborn. He jaundiced. I spent hours with a lactation consultant, checking my latching, positioning, all of it. I pumped for over a month every 3 hours and took herbal rememdies. By the end of the therapy regimen my production was maxed around 30-50 mL total. It quickly dried up when I stopped the herbs and pumping. I use Born Free BPA bottles and the pediatrician recommended formula, so I did the best I could for my son. It really annoyed me how many moms would comment on my bottles while I was at the midwives for a check up or the chiropractor’s for an adjustment or even in the lactation consultant’s waiting room. It’s not like I had a choice, but they were very assertive about what I should try next. One even suggested some pretty severe synthetic drugs that would force my body to produce but I refused to go that far since the drugs would transfer through the milk.
-Overly sensitive people who can’t take constructive criticism.
Chris: Kidding – go on and do what you need to do.
walking.” The man was healed on the spot. He picked up his bedroll
That’s “write” – I’ve filled it all the way up! I set a goal of 250 words per day when I made my New Year’s resolution, and that came to 91,500 words (366 days x 250 = 91,500 … gotta love leap year). 250 words may not seem like a lot, and it’s not, but it’s a very achievable goal that keeps me moving forward, in large part because it’s so easy to reach. Success encourages persistence, after all (you can read a more detailed explanation of my reasons here).
Author: Theodore Monod
Today’s FAS-FAX report is the first to reflect the U.S. newspaper rule changes that went into affect last October. For more than two years, newspaper publishers and buyers worked to build a new framework for the qualification and reporting of newspaper media. The October 2010 rule changes had three major components:
by Greg Linster
So yes on the go once again and Phi Theta Kappa has started up as well for the community college. So super busy we just finished up the two of the orientations for this semester pretty soon it will be routine meetings and more committees. Back to my oldish routine ready for the next round. Hopefully more art too. ;)
Last night was Females, Flannel, and Fire (or fun) night at the pavilion! It was such a good time! We sipped hot apple cider, roasted marshmallows and made s'mores, listened to Mrs. Olshine speak about resting in God, worshipped together, and made fruit/chocolate melts (take a banana and make an incision through the peel and into the banana, stuff it with chocolate chips, wrap in aluminum foil, and stick it in the fire. Let it sit for 5-8 minutes, take it out, and eat.). It was such a good evening!
#4 1988 Gilbert Contreras El Paso High 800 Meters 1:49.8
I once read a great article about how a parent is like an architect, erecting a building, little by little.
No matter how depressed or how elated or tired you feel, do not skip any meal. Skipping a meal is not going to make you feel better in any way.Instead you are going to feel more depressed and tired. Try to eat what will make you feel better.But that does not meal you can eat a pack of your favorite biscuit for breakfast and a plum cake for lunch.Choose the right food and have a nutritious snack in between.
Kimchi gratin? Kimchi casserole? or maybe baked Kimchi rice?
Second dream: I was dancing with a group of professional dancers – and suddenly recognized that I had strings attached when I was pulled off the floor. very unstable feeling.
A few months ago, we ran an effusive review of the Kim Ki-young Collection, a DVD compilation (rushed to retailers’ shelves to coincide with a retrospective in Seoul this summer) that we called the most significant release of the year (to which readers may now add Fantom Korea’s Independent Film Collection). We can now confidently assert that, when it becomes available early next year, The Housemaid will be one of the most prized releases of 2009.
Thank you ALL for your entries.
We ran out to Oak Street Beach and then back to Navy Pier for a round trip of just over 3 miles. We took it nice and easy and mostly just chatted.
Toepfer's loyalty to the SS continued after the war. He later employed notorious Nazis like SS Brigadier Edmund Veesenmeyer, Kurt Haller and SS Major General Hans-Joachim Riecke, all of whom were responsible for hundreds of thousands of atrocities committed during the war.
Diabetes is going to have a hell of a time trying to snare me again.
So the answer, in short, "cap" hair nets are for bobbed hair; "fringe" hair nets are for longer hair.
Milk - 1 cup
and saw a man on a raft drift by.
I feel better now. Thanks for indulging me.
God sent the prophets for a number of purposes. First of all, the fulfillment of predictions shows that God is in control. Some of the prophets prophesied about events that would take place hundreds of years later (Isaiah prophecies about the fall of Jerusalem in the 700s BC, and this didn’t happen until 586BC). The prophets give God’s perspective on the past, present and future, brought warnings of judgement that were meant to bring sinners to repentance and brought hope of restoration. We can think of the prophets as God’s “policemen.” The people of God had broken the covenant they had made with Him, and the prophets were calling them to repentance, before it was too late and they were judged. Many of the prophets prophesied about exile; Israel was exiled by Assyria in 722BC, and Judah was exiled by Babylon in 586BC.
Evenings on Cozumel tended to end fairly early; as long as there was a dive boat to catch in the morning I was okay with calling it a night around 10. On our last day there, however, I saw no reason to get a good night’s sleep. Chucho had offered a could days before to take me dancing on Friday night and so at 10:00 we met at Viva Mexico, a second floor bar overlooking the ocean and two XX brought for every one ordered. The crowd started out fairly mild but as the drinks were downed the scene unfolded beautifully, becoming a rowdy mix of locals and tourists, a eclectic mix of bodies with varying degrees of rhythm. And the band was awesome. They started with Pink Floyd and drew from bands like Jet, The Eagles, Journey and many many more that are now lost somewhere in a haze of beer and dancing. Finally at 2:30 AM my legs gave out on me and I had to declare myself a pumpkin. The reference was completely lost on Chucho, but my sleepy eyes got the point across and a cab ride (and a glorious shower) later I was happily passed out in bed.
Finally the header(‘Location: .’); simulates a form submit without data and the exit() function exits the current script and we re-enter the Controller (index.php) file at the top. The logic will process the Controller file until it hits this condition:
- Revlon ColorStay eye/ lip: 20% off
Peder Jensen aka Fraudman formerly Fjordman has refused to attend as a witness in the Breivik trial.
10:00am. While hurriedly taking public transportation to the main terminal to catch a bus to catch a train, the downtown traffic stopped, swallowed its own tail, and pondered its predicament. It just folded up itself, pouting like a toddler who didn’t want to eat its oatmeal. Metal boxed me in from all sides. Honks punctuated the standstill like a thousand modern gunslingers bent on justice. We simmered in exhaust fumes that seemed to have every advantage over the thin mountain air, that in all actuality, barely exists in the first place. Most passengers accepted this fate and settled in for the long haul, but one elderly woman insulted the driver—as if all the world’s problems sprouted from his very seed—, humiliating him in a voice more appropriate for a construction zone, then stepped off in a flurry of swear words and disappeared into the sidewalk masses. I was happy to hear other passengers console the driver. “Don’t pay her any mind, she’s crazy” and “Continue sir, we’re with you” were voiced from the twenty some rows inside the blue-painted school bus.
Step 4: The moment you have been waiting for; it’s time to collect your prize! Click on over to the prizes tab and you’ll be able to locate the $10 Runescape card easily. Furthermore, most the time you get the code instantly! It’s very unlikely for them to run out of stock of game cards as they stock a lot of them.
Incontinence
Umm . . . most of them? I know that you have to make changes when bringing a book to life on the screen. But when I cannot understand WHY the changes were necessary, I don’t like it. The first thing that comes to mind is “The Secret of Nimh,” loosely based on Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH, one of the best children’s books ever. WHY was her name changed to Mrs. Brisby in the movie? Why did the rats look like terrifying otherworldly creatures instead of, you know, rats?
Morning all, I hope this finds you all fit & well? Anyone else noticed the fact that all it's done since the hosepipe ban in the U.K. is rain lol?! Go figure!! I had my OH at home to do the school run yesterday & it did that typical thing of raining just for the 20 mins you need to be out......I was so pleased to stay in, can't say OH was as happy as me though lol!!
Well, I can’t say it’s completely done, because I still have to finish typing all my recipes, which takes a while, BUT I just keep doing a little at a time. Eventually I’ll get them all typed up and added to my new binder.
There is a large television blind spot of mine that I like to refer to as The Thick Of It. I’ve heard only fantastic things about the British satire created by Armando Iannucci but I’ve never gotten around to actually watching the series. As there are only sixteen episodes of the show I have no good excuse as to why not. I mention this blind spot simply because HBO’s new comedy Veep is also created by Iannucci and is also an F-word filled satire about the government. Unlike fans of Iannucci’s previous work I’m coming into Veep rather cold. Somebody better versed in Iannucci could tell you whether this is an extension of his old series but all I can offer up is that this feels like a grower.
Patches did not survive the French Revolution. It seems that they have completely disappeared since then. Unless we count those young ladies who put pencil dots on their faces, in a pale imitation of the taffeta beauty patch of yore.
My oldest son says his favorite toy is the firetruck. He thinks the peg person that is small with a black shirt & dark hair is himself. He has quite the adventures, especially when he replaces the fireman with himself! (And the red person in the back is his cousin Parker who I'm told is also a "good guy")
So I'm really not sorry at all that I was late posting tonight. No offense.
*for overseas readers: Jeremy Kyle is a cross between a TV shock jock and a relationship counsellor. He counsels the sort of people who think it's a good idea to go on TV to resolve their issues. It's the televisual equivalent of bear-baiting in a 19th century lunatic asylum.
You may have noticed that I have not been putting up recipes for my projects of late. I have got to the stage where I don't remember what most of the SU products are called anymore, and can't be bothered looking them all up, especially when it is not apparent to me that anyone actually read that stuff! If anyone ever does want to know what I've used, please feel free to leave a comment or send an email and as long as I have some way of contacting you back (and can work out what it was that I used etc)...I'll reply asap.
And on the 5th day…
I'm sure I should probably be able to answer this really easily but it's kinda hard.
so that is why I use the rich chocolate brown cardstock!
An hour passed with Peter sipping drinks and going over the options in his mind for his next great adventure when the door facing Bourbon Street opened and a beautiful black woman entered. Peter was stunned at the beauty of the unknown woman who while wearing just a business suit carried herself like a queen entering a room full of commoners.
Now for some very specific complaints:
Moderator: Donna Flayhan (State University of New York at New Paltz)
Another killer and legendary release from Dirty Rotten Imbecils.This killer EP contains 4 legendary songs.Sound are very good on release very fast and furios.For new listeners who never heard DRI you will like this shit.I hope you will like this killer EP.Cheers!!!
‘Help. Meeeee………….’
Or it's like an alternate plot for Ghostbusters: instead of finding out that Sigourney Weaver's New York high-rise is literally an antenna for the supernatural, they realize that it's some strange form of architectural clock, with a massive pendulum inside – a great damper – its cables hidden behind closet walls and elevator shafts covered in dust; but, at three minutes to midnight on the final Halloween of the millennium, a deep and terrifying bell inside the building starts to toll.
Calls were previously made to incorporate the USPTO (the last serious attempt was in 1997) , but it never panned out, mostly dues to resistance from independent inventors and federal employee unions (POPA). I doubt it will go anywhere this time either, but I still think it's a good idea.
Reading for Monday, April 30: Acts 17
My friend asked me the other day: If you messed up on several tests, and were pretty sure that you had a close to zero percent chance of rescuing you grade in that class, what would you do?
Like an uncomfortable hug. Sweating
I've GOT to tell y'all about the hand lotion I got there. It is amazing!! My hands are always dry and a mess it seems. I've tried every kind of hand creme on this planet, but this is hands down the BEST STUFF. It's called
In 2005 the two opened the West Hollywood design firm, Lucas Studio. Located in Almont Yard, which was at that time the closest thing L.A. had to an design 'colony'- housing other top notch designers such as Kathryn Ireland, Nathan Turner and Peter Dunham. Within 3 years, the two expanded by opening their showroom, Harbinger. As the team's success and business flourished, they knew it was time to step things up and expand. Their newly opened Harbinger showroom now sits along, L.A.'s premier design row on La Cienega.
That was somewhat creative but I have also used rental cars to move between residences, when my car was too small (or broken) or I did not have a car at the time. I have used rental cars to move across the country but those were the days when I did not have much stuff. I would rent a car (or van) for three weeks, giving me enough time to drive each way between California and Florida with some time to visit. I did this three times in a row (nine weeks total). At about $100 a week, it was less expensive and more luxurious and fun than a moving truck. On the other hand, I have seen U-Haul dealers offering trucks for $100 or less, because they needed to get them to another location. Sort of similar to the Florida exodus car deals in the spring.
We had the house appraised this week and the appraiser said that it was the unfinished 2nd floor bathroom that is really in need of attention more than anything else. Time to start looking (again) at tile patterns in order to tile the shower surround, with built in shower shelves.We decided we're going to use the large 1'square tile we already own and just get geometric with it rather than invest in different tile.
It was good to see the rest of the family. But I have to admit I'm still tired. I decided to tackle the hallway yesterday which is a small part of what I yet want to clean out. I have the hallway closet still and then my craft/computer room. I haven't felt up to doing it and now that I do, I need to be getting ready for the holidays instead - but how do you do that when the most important room to the holidays (craft room) is a mess???? LOL! It'll all work out.
That maybe I’m not useless,
If you look carefully, you will notice the poetry of the city sweep through the air. An energy that shuffles with a rhythm that matches the pace of your stride, totally malleable. You can test it by slowly down and picking up, it stays with you and the only certainty about it is that it’s always there.It will always find you. And even the tempo changes, the timbre of it all never does. The texture remains thick and dense and sometimes even subtle, all at the same time. So impenetrable and undeniably present in fact that while you study the vendors on some side arcade of a bustling street you feel like if you stretch you arms out and keep your hands open long enough you might just be able to catch some of it in your palm and let it swim there a while. So you try. Just like that, and in the midst of your pseudo-meditation you’re pushed over by the drone of a stampeding crowd. Always a stampeding crowd. Groups, going somewhere, always. As you steady your stance against the murky, stained glass of a corner store that sells dodgy electronics, fire-crackers, the odd cell phone charger (and possibly doll-house sized tubs of some or other menthol ointment), you notice the sari clad woman sitting between the angle of your feet and displaced balance. Humming. Back and forth. Just humming. You straighten up and find your way forward in the momentum of some more stampeding.
They were happier because of it.
With Adam out of town on business and me with our two munchkins, there was bound to be some insanity but add to that, incessant screaming and it's just plain, bad news Brehms. So here's a bit of the back story...
When I was a very young kid, I can remember Gene Autry singing this song about Easter time!
DuClaw -Devil's Milk Bourbon-Aged Porter
On 6th August 2010 disaster struck the Himalayan region of Ladakh. Flash floods transformed the picturesque landscape into a disaster zone, destroying vital infrastructure, houses, schools and medical facilities. More than 200 people died and 1000 families were left homeless.
But what if the Holy Bible turns out to be true? What if there is a judgment, a Kingdom of Heaven and a Hell? What if? If you are wrong, you have much more to lose than I do if I am wrong. Christ refers to an awful place “where the worm does not die and the fire is not quenched,” a place of “outer darkness,” where there will be “weeping and gnashing of teeth.” I’ve heard people say that there is a great party going on down there, but somehow it doesn’t sound like a good time to me. I have a friend who despises hot weather and I have always been afraid of darkness. I mean really dark darkness. I panic when I can’t see anything. My friend and I would not do well in Hades, if it is as Jesus described it. I have nothing to lose by believing Christ’s teachings. I will hold on to my faith.
Yesterday, I had the chance to hear his Holiness, the 14th Dalai Lama, speak. I went to see him with my mom and my sister. I’m glad we went together. Something this special needs to be shared with special people.
Favorite New TV Comedy
Oh, well. I’m going to buy my sister a ticket so she can come, because I can’t really invite her and then not pay for her ticket, and I’m going to enjoy going out with her, and I just won’t drink any wine.
Anyway, I'm currently working on some new projects which are really exciting but also really time-consuming, so for the next few weeks posting will continue to be sporadic. I just wanted to let you know that I'm not dead or trapped under something heavy, and to thank you for your patience!
Online reading is a whole different ball game. We skim, our eyes flick over the screen, we get the idea and move on tout de suite. We don’t spend any time looking in the columns to the left or the right of what we’re reading. Occasionally something with catch our eye, something nice and shiny, and it has maybe three or four seconds to hold our attention before we’re off. But what about ebook reading? Do we read ebooks as if they were web pages or pages in a real book? Skim, skim, whoosh, whoosh.
All of us crafters who will be participating in DISNEY WEEK will provide a list of all our friends also posting Disney projects this week. You can visit as many as you'd like at your convenience.
their redeemer
It Gets a Little Red by '68 Comeback
A two mile trip marked this bikes maiden voyage yesterday, and I was very pleased with how it performed. Other than a front brake and seat adjustment, there was nothing else I needed to tweak. During the overhaul, I completely disassembled the rear wheel hub for cleaning and repacking of the bearings. I had worries in the back of my mind about how the gears would shift, but they functioned perfectly, needing no further adjustment.
I was so excited, but you know how it goes… After you feel that you are heading in the right direction, something (or someone) tries to throw you off the right path.
What is it? It's the Munchkin Easy Squeeze Spoon and I got it at Target. Basically, you load it up with baby food or baby cereal, twist on the spoon, and go...ANYWHERE! The spoon twists to an "open" or "closed" position, so it is self containing. You squeeze the bottle part and it squirts the food onto the spoon. You don't have to worry about the baby grabbing the bowl and throwing the food everywhere because it is all contained in the bottle!
I helped for about an hour and a half, and then I had to go to school. The Prof. this week was talking about our next assignment–annotated works cited. Seeing as how the works cited page was still a bit of a mystery to me, I really couldn’t skip. I am glad that I went for two different reasons:
There has been years of ongoing dispute as to whether the teachers and school system are primarily responsible for the care of a child or whether that sole responsibility lies in the hands of the child’s parents. I have always believed that it takes a village to raise a child so in this bill; you will see that the responsibility will lie at the breastplate of all parties involved.
Ms Supkis continues: Here is an old story of mine from 2005 on October 11, nearly exactly 6 years ago, where I discuss the implications of the Federal Reserve hiding the true data of money creation within the Fed: Culture of Life Financial News: Federal Reserve Will Conceal M-3 Monetary Aggregate To Hide Inflation
Which pretty much sums up how I feel about it. The fact is that billionaire Buffett is more than welcome to pump money into the IRS if he feels like it. But he doesn’t. Instead he wants tax hikes for higher income people… who can all then avoid having to pay for it using dividend payments, bonus schemes, charities scams… you name it. Meanwhile, John Q. Public sleeps happy in his smaller, colder bed. Safe in the knowledge that Buffett’s feeling the pinch also, except he’s not…. and deep down everybody in the media knows it.
In a small saucepan, poach the shrimp until pink throughout. Drain and cool.
Obviously, I read Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy in preparation for seeing the movie. I’d never read this acclaimed spy novel and thought it was important to do so before entering the theater. I’m looking forward to seeing the new film despite hearing that it is hard to follow even if you’ve read the book. I’m grateful that I’ll be one step ahead of the non-readers in the audience!
And the black beast of the beetles' pews
The Alberta and federal governments have said the Oil sand pipeline is crucial to building new markets for the country’s resources. But environmental, aboriginal and social action groups say the risks of a pipeline rupture or oil tanker spill are too great. Money the root of all evil is evident here too..
We went for a drive to see how things were,and how far the water had risen.
Resurrection is the ultimate new beginning. It calls us from oldness and failure to vitality, opportunity, and fresh starts. Undoubtedly, we’ll get dragged backwards, again…and again… But, Jesus persistently calls us back to new life.
Rene John-Baptiste, 21, of Plaistow, Sean Clark, 19, of Holloway, and a 16-year-old from Finsbury Park and a 17-year-old from Holloway, who cannot be named because of their ages, have all pleaded not guilty to murder.
to follow a trace he has created, leading along a lot of splendid spots, ending at..........
Mary McArdle was in jail for her part in the murder of Mary Travers
I will continue to feel restless and unsatisfied.
Post number three for today... For this card, I was inspired by this week's challenge over at The Play Date Cafe - PDCC114. The challenge is to use the color combo Burgundy, Gold and Plum. I would have never thought to combine these colors but I think they work awesome together! Here is the inspiration The Play Date Cafe provided:
Interviewer: Some Arab authors have begun to discuss this openly, in newspapers and in their books. Homosexual characters appear in some Arab films. In addition, homosexuals gather in public, and show up at parties in a loathsome manner.
Now, I’m going to use myself for an example. Currently, I’m juggling three writing projects. Two novels and a short story, each one very different from the others. One novel is currently being told with something more akin to my talking voice, mostly because I’ve been in a hurry and had to crank out word count quick, so I’ve gotten lazy. I figure I can edit later. That story has a very particular sound and voice. The short story is set in 1918. It’s got almost a high fantasy, archaic storyteller voice, and tends to use a lot of older vocabulary and odd sentence structure. Lastly, I have an urban fantasy novel that has its own very different voice again. There’s almost no passive sentences in that one, almost no dialogue tags, and very little reflection. Okay, so there’s three different voices going all at once, and none of them would work right narrating the other stories. Sure, I’m writing all three, but for each one, I’m assuming a different mask, a different way of speaking, so that I create the right voice for the story.
No one left and no one came
the birdies is...
212"Obedient slumbers that can wake and weep;"
I imagine you are in denial about your sensitivity to the word fuck, cause if you were not; how would you explain: "when you can not express your thoughts without using that word that shows that you aparently have no thoughts."
You can mark it in whatever way you want. Here are a few suggestions to get you thinking how you might show suits some love:
We go further even than this in South Africa, however.
7C. Düsseldorf Altbier
2 cups arborio rice
In an article by the Mirror (January 16th), it was revealed that one in 20 cat owners would shut their kitty outdoors all day if it had excess pounds to lose. Of course, this isn't something that would necessarily be welcomed by, or safe for our cats, either. Getting plenty of daily exercise is important for your cats but they need to have the opportunity to rest when they want. If you are concerned about your pussy's weight, seek the advice of your vet or a pet specialist, who can offer you guidance on the recommended calorie intake of you pet and tips to keep him/her fit and purring.
To finish the card, I cut out windows using Nesties Label 4 in red cardstock and brown woodgrain cardstock, then layered them. I tied some twine around them and added the sentiment. Then I put foam tape on the back and popped it up on the card base.
“As I would not stand the humiliation any longer, I warned the armed man to know that the lady is my wife and that it would not be good doing the thing in my presence. My effrontery angered the idiot, who corked his gun and threatened to shoot me. One of them armed with machete, got more infuriated and hit me with a sharp object on my head and I fell. “At the point of death, I watched the idiots raping my wife in turn. I passed out as I could not stand it any longer.”
Standing in the Shadows, Shannon McKenna (Kindle edition) - This is the 1st of 3 or 4 Kindle books I bought for the whopping price of, I think, $1.99 each. Cheap or free, that's the way I'm testing the waters of e-books, for the most part... This was good. I never heard of the author before, but I liked the story of how Connor (one of the four brothers who star in this series of books) always loved Erin, but she was unreachable since he was responsible for her father's arrest. But when someone's out to get her, Connor comes to the rescue, even though she doesn't want him around. Good chemistry between the two, a pretty good story, and lots of hot romance!
Watch out for my special deleted scenes post for this book tour! :)
Or will you shut me out when I ask, Baby
I wonder if they've done studies on the twenty-minute factor. Maybe everything gets easier if you stick to it for 20 mins. Maybe the payoff is always better if you do something for longer than that allotment of time.
This first novel has been a huge learning experience but I love it. I can honestly say I’m finding my own path now. Finding what works for me to produce quality work in a relatively short amount of time. Which is good. Because as I draw closer to the end of the book, the more pumped I get to see it in my beta readers hands.
huh? This is so confusing it's hard to know where to start. He makes a living on the gameshow circuit signals that this isn't literary fiction, it's obviously some sort of comic novel. Then "utilitarian Barnacle" makes me wonder if if it's science fiction. Then stamp collecting sends me back to comic-novel again.
Every single manuscript is unique, therefore making its journey unique from the manuscripts before. Each and every story only happens once.
Well I am the very vision of a walking fashion faux pas today. That’s okay…I never was a fashionista…and while I have gotten a bit better at dressing myself, I wonder sometimes what goes through my head when I am packing up my gym bag before bed. I am wearing light coloured clothing that is actually a bit too big…but very comfortable and for whatever reason I brought black socks with my black flats.
Now I can laugh with you, Peter. But I wasn’t laughing then. I mean, look at my name! A freakish superheroine and a fucking male outlaw combined. Can you blame me for having this little gender identity crisis?
I have tried to make the review request look as proffessional as I can, or at least as proffessional as PowerPoint can make it look. I started out with a list of reviewers offered under the resources portion of the blog: http://www.write2publish.blogspot.com/ (a great blog for self-publishers to follow, by the way). Most reviewers have other reviewer blogs they follow so a potential reviewer list can quickly grow into the hundreds. After I have a substantial list, I will post it here.
The Gen Y ideal of making our dreams a reality NOW is just that: an ideal. It’s not perfect, and it’s an ideal that does NOT work for everyone. Matt Cheuvront wrote a fantastic post (my favourite of his, by far.. actually, to give Matt due credit, he sparked the inspiration for me to write this post, so thank you to you, good sir!) – Breaking Away From Generation Now. It’s about how Gen Y is the generation that is all about the now now now. Impatient for our dreams to come true NOW, or even.. well.. yesterday. He outlined it quite nicely like so:
Somewhere in there I graduated from college, got my first job, got my much better second job and then got my bestest third job. Then I got divorced. I dated some losers before finding the love of my life...and then we had a kid.
*The invocation may even be repeated several times if the fraction is prolonged. Only the final time, however, is grant us peace said.
I was thinking about something that I heard on the radio (heheheh) while driving to work yesterday – a news item about lawmakers from New Jersey wanting to change the regulations regarding tanning beds. They want to raise the minimum age from 14 to 18.
So I hope you will pop over to the Dream Valley and look at all the wonderful projects that have been created - get inspired - then have a go!!
Preheat the oven to 425ºf. Bake until the biscuits are lightly browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Brush the tops with the melted butter and serve hot.
Small Madison Window Shutter,Grand Flower Box
P.s. My brother just so happens to own the room with the full length mirror in it and happened to have tyres sitting in there on the weekend. Related: I feel like they make me look even shorter! Oh dear.
Until then, this is home decor worthy. You could decorate a little girl's room with it, or a wedding reception with several, we used it for a baby girl shower. If you are decorating with it, I would mod podge the layers together rather than just spray glue, to make it more durable, but it's pretty sturdy.
Snow is as much of a character in the Shining as a member of the family. It creates the whole set piece and functions as a plot device as Danny runs from Jack in the hedge maze and covers his tracks with snow. Cold, cold snow. I think about that in the middle of a snowstorm when I'm in my house. These would be the people I'd stuck with. And it's always good to come up with a plan if one of them goes crazy. And you had better hope they do. Because, if someone doesn't flip a logic switch that means you're the crazy one.
1 heaping tablespoon raw cacao powder
Lovely organic asparagus topped with a dollop of chicken with veloute' sauce. Then a Raclette Crepe was created with sliced boiled potatoes, the Prosciutto Ham and that fantastic cheese which melts to perfection.
So yeah, the older and wiser me does not experiment much anymore. In the rare event that I go to a doctor and he prescribes something new, I won't take it until I'm at home and don't have anything important to do, and even then only under controlled circumstances.
Here’s a closeup. Iranian pistachios are the best in the world. The bright red berries which look like tiny raisins are barberries (Zereshk) and they are used to top rice dishes. They have a very sour acidic punch to them, sort of like dried cranberries. And they are loaded with Vitamin C.
Green scalloped border: EKSuccess border punch
A recent study in Britain, a country known for it's probing, cutting edge and highly useful surveys, has found that two-thirds of men there rely on their wives or partners to tell them how to dress.
That was five years ago now. I've only wavered once, on a day when I just had that feeling. Selected the names, popped into the bank and then to the bookies. I'd swear my hands were shaking as my mind formed arguments for and against. In the end, it didn't' matter. The machine was bust. I'd have to go back later.
Collaborate- After you have highlighted and identified the important portions of your transcript, you can export that data, by issue codes or topics, in an organized, efficient way. This information can be shared with co-counsel, your staff or client to help clarify issues.
1144. – Whitney & Joey Fleming’s Amazing Wedding –
Once while trying on a dress in a local boutique, Lotus, I think it’s called, the owner was helping me but I lamented that the dress wouldn’t fit my boobs at all. “They are beautiful,” she said, “did you buy them?”
staring right at u and all u can think of is CHICKEN SCHNITZEL.......
Light filtered in through the generous picture window of Sandra’s third floor condo. The moon reflected off chrome and glass tables. As she slid her hand across the smooth granite counter top a tear rolled down her cheek.
Welcome to our new Mpact Group Ministry Blog. As the small group ministry of the Belpre Celebration Center- Mpact Groups meet on the first and third Wednesday evenings of the month at 7pm in Host Homes throughout the Belpre and Parkersburg area. We have Bible study, prayer, food, and fellowship. Mpact Groups encourage the building of relationships with the church body and a growing desire to share the gospel of Jesus Christ with our neighbors. We want to make a lasting impact on our communities.
1 ebb
Hope you are all ok. Thought I'd better post a card as I will be disappearing for a while. I am off to hospital tomorrow for a back operation and wont be able to sit down for about 8 weeks, so crafting is out of the question. But at least I will be able to blog hop and actually post comments on peoples cards for a change :-)
Iván Meade - Does your Israeli heritage have any impact on your designs/design style? If so, what elements have inspired you, and how have they parlayed into your work?
SS: One of the most difficult sections of a screenplay for young writers is the second act. Can you give us any secrets about how to dominate the second act?
They wanted to use this money to start the Marshall Plans for Asia and Africa.
If you read the post and then read roughly the first 30 or so of 380 (at last count) comments, the basic premise is that she doesn't like mum's with gifted kids (she hates the G word) talking about their gifted kids and she especially hates gifted kids because hers isn't. She then spends paragraphs explaining how nice her Violet is (of which I have no doubt and am very glad she is, because I'm not sure her mum is).
Political commentators attribute the noticeably subdued reaction among attendees to the fact that Republicans and Democrats sat jumbled together rather than each party in its distinct spot. I agree that one would be more hesitant to strongly react to a Presidential statement when seated with members of the opposite party than when sitting with your own crowd.
“You find that in a well and it’s saying that is the only possibility. There’s no arguing over attenuation, and there’s no arguing over whether there were chemical reactions and what not.”
on this perfect cloudless night
2. Decide what shapes you want to make. Use the internet for ideas. I like to cut out shapes from cardboard cereal boxes (easier to trace). Some designs I have made are birds, guitars, elephants, whales, guitars, hammers, cowboy boots, LOVE.... The sky's the limit!
When I told my son I had scheduled a post that mentioned Sonic the Hedgehog, and that it was for Chili Mac, he got all excited. “I know,” he said, “post a recipe for Chili Mac Dogs. That would be an original recipe.” He insisted I modifiy this post to include his original recipe.
Those of you who know me also know my glasses are significantly thick. As a child, I may or may not have tried to use them to set fires. I did this because they resembled nothing so much as two magnifying glasses held together with pink plastic, some metal encased in the earpieces like a prehistoric praying mantis arm in amber.
Amen!
The only experience most of the Apple customers have is seeing the book on the Hot and Top charts. I'm not discounting that as an influence in itself. In fact, I think that's likely a high influencer. I'm also sure some of those readers were disturbed by the content, but none of them enough to 1-star it.
My second observation is that the Doctor’s 1966 appeal was rejected by Stott and other leaders, including EA officers, because they disagreed with its message. To blame Lloyd-Jones, and him alone, is to fly in the face of the facts. Again, I quote Alan Gibson who was present on the occasion and who attempted to submit a motion the following morning proposing discussion of the practical implications arising from the first meeting. “To our huge disappointment”, Gibson writes, “the organising committee had decided that no such motions would be accepted. Responsibility for closing down any real consideration of steps towards evangelical church unity does not belong to John Stott alone. It lies also with the 1966 officers of the Evangelical Alliance who changed the advertised programme and denied the Assembly, set up for that very purpose, any opportunity for practical consideration of the issues the Doctor had raised”.44
Sad, those who let the animal prevail.
But I am heading in some new directions, and I’m excited to see what God has in store for me and my family.
The problem with people like me is that when someone manages to push me into actual ANGER, the reaction is like 100x what it would be in a normal person. A normal person gets angry and talks smack about you behind your back until they eventually get over it. Me? I get angry and I will RUIN YOUR F**KING LIFE.
AWARDS
7. I resolved to perform more random acts of kindness, because it will make me happy.
The WDDC is an unusual place. It's a home, literally. Situated in a residential neighborhood, there's a kitchen with two volunteers cooking barbequed pork and yams, a living room with sofas and chairs and books, a dining area, and then several rooms devoted for client consultations and offices. The home is old, but still, it's a home. It feels comfortable and welcoming. Instantly upon my arrival, at least three people bid me hello and ask me if I need help. I can't tell if they're working there or the clientele.
I created this fun doll suitcase for my oldest daughter and we love playing with it together. It has three interchangeable rooms, a secret clothes storage space under the floor, and it's portable! Would you like to make your own? I'll show you how!
#1) "We believe that the future of our Communion relies on adherence to Scriptural authority, faithful and Christ-centred preaching of this word, the blessing of God’s Holy Spirit, godly leadership and the spiritual commitment of God’s people." (From here)
It happened again in St. Petersburg this past week. Another police officer died in the line of duty. This time the murderer was a 16-year-old boy. The officer was responding to a prowler call and was holding his notebook when he was ambushed. He left behind a wife and children, and family and friends, and a community. He was apparently a teddy bear in a grizzly bear mask who volunteered to help end domestic violence in his free time.
Tamarind juice or Lemon Juice, to taste
01. Good-bye Blues (McHugh-Fields-Johnson) 2:32
Then, as if it was 'my turn' I've been hit by the worst cold I've had in years - I won't go into the gory details but it laid me low enough to only be able to cope with daytime TV; yes it was as bad as all that. So was daytime TV! Still, I think I could tackle renovating a narrow boat, and I've never been near one so you can tell how long that programme went on for.
Einar Örn Benediktsson sings:
Spring Bedroom Linens Breakdown:
National Research Council. (1987). Safety issues at defense production reactors. National Academy of Sciences, Washington, D.C.
This is the closest call yet. It’s currently 4:46pm on Wednesday. I don’t intend to let that happen again. But it will anyway. I know myself.
In a large dutch oven heat butter and oil together. Add in your leeks first for about 2 minutes and then your cauliflower.
Duke's mouth hangs open in awe.
But a sharp, bitter iron scent reaches his nostrils. He tugs the door away further and holds up a hand, reaching out to just barely touch his Mana, letting it run through his arm and up to his fingers. They glow, then, shining brightly, illuminating the interior of the house before him.
As the moments passed we both seemed to begin to relax. Questions that both of us had carried for years were asked- and answered. One thing that is important to me that you know is- quite often people somehow believe that a child placed for adoption is 'unwanted'. While I know that every story is different I also believe that often that is the farthest thing from the truth. Aleigha was placed for adoption for one reason and one reason only- poverty.
I have a confession: I initially bought this wine for the label. I have read about the psychology behind choosing a certain image or color to evoke a feeling in the consumer. The label is supposed to evoke a “lifestyle” for the consumer and I guess The Other Guys that make Leese-Fitch succeeded . . . at least with me.
Jefferson is black.
BF: That’s an annual budget. This is the UN development report. You’d have to go through their experts and find out how they did those numbers.
A little something worth noting: A little while ago I changed my Twitter & Tumblr login info/usernames but Path was synced to the old ones but there wasn’t an in-app way to change or reset even after revoking Path from Tumblr and Twitter. One day I saw an update from a friend on my Twitter and clicked the link going to path on the web, where at last I saw an answer! There was a settings tab and I managed to disconnect my Tumblr and Twitter on there. So if you’re in a bind about this as well, go to www.path.com/settings to reset your auto-share settings
I began writing professionally in 2006, and was busy learning the business from the ground, up. I quickly realized how word of mouth can be one of the greatest marketing tools, especially if you speak occasionally about other attention grabbing topics in everyday life. We, as humans, love listening and voicing our opinions and thoughts on everyday issues, and we love to interact with others to gain info or simply gossip about nothing. We listen when people recommend simple solutions to problems, recipes or the hottest, new movies to see.
A church in Galveston.
The women and the girls who wear the veil.
And here's where the math gets really ridiculous, you'd think taking away school students way of getting to class would be the type of last resort that comes after all other options have been tried and failed. But nope there's at least $90 million the M.T.A. is owed that for some reason they're not even trying to collect on.
Not the season between summer and winter, but rather what leaves do during that season.
Cynicism aside, there's a real problem here, if my sample of two is representative. It's for this reason that I'm kicking it to the women of Franklin Avenue (not least because, much to my surprise, the 77th's Community Affairs Officer claims to read local blogs, including Nostrand Park and ILFA): Do police officers on Franklin ever harass you? I'm hoping the anonymity afforded by the comment thread will allow people to speak their mind on this, because with harassment by non-cops already a problem on Franklin, the last thing we need is for the police to be part of the problem.
Hopefully I have some good news to report about Magnum. I’m really surprised by how much he’s been on my mind lately and I seriously can’t wait to see him. I’m also really nervous that this is going to end in disappointment again because really, I don’t feel like dealing with that again.
Fashion magazines have long been criticised for promoting an unrealistic beauty, and with the use of Photoshop, that often results in images of models and celebrities looking unrealistic.
I am wearing sweater by Isabel Marant.
on Easter eve
the other pieces
We DO NOT know how long this road may continue to be. WE do not KNOW what the world will say and throw in her direction. But Marissa- has prepared for this battle. The armor is on. She is standing on the Word. Leaning on the promises of God.
he leads me beside peaceful streams
Wounds to understanding…
Ethan: Uhm... mom? Could the pee have run down the side of the bed?
JLo #americanidol I’m way too pretty to be sitting between you 2 buffoons.
What is incredibly disappointing to low-income families in Washington, D.C. has been the silence of President Barack Obama. The President, who benefited from K-12 scholarships himself, worked on behalf of low-income families in Chicago, and exercises school choice as a parent, has stood silently on the sidelines while his Secretary of Education belittled the importance of helping such a small number of children in the nation’s capital.”
Yeah, that one bore repeating.
07 In The Pines 05:23
I also had a bunch of leftover homemade spaghetti sauce and meatballs from my lunch that week, so all I did was add a can of sauce and another package of italian sausage browned to the sauce and chopped up meatballs I already had. And viola! Yumminess.
Look at what Pope Benedict XVI says about the Eucharist: “In the Eucharistic celebration we do not invent something, but we enter into a reality that precedes us, more than that, which embraces heaven and earth and, hence, also the past, the future and the present. This universal openness, this encounter with all the sons and daughters of God is the grandeur of the Eucharist: we go to meet the reality of God present in the body and blood of the Risen One among us.”
All the navies that have ever sailed
As I have been sitting here on my computer I decided to share my page background frames with you. Now, I am totally not a graphic designer. I will never be someone who sells clip art and such. But, I do usually make my own backgrounds for my cover pages for the items I sell. I thought I'd share them with you to see what you think. You can download the picture and save it just by right clicking on it. Easy peasy. Please let me know if you like them and you'd like me to share some more. Pretty please. With a cherry on top.
- Potential financial return but not for the next two years as no dividend will be paid until at least 2013
- Nothing sums up what the last few years have taught me quite so well.
all of the above. But regardless, it’s definitely true. And of course, there are other interesting positives which can be added to our stereotype of the average Polish woman such as University graduate or experience in foreign languages but that will be the content of another conversation class and another blog
Soon, I was asked if I wanted to speak.
My sewing suffered as I did a ton of knitting for the issues...but my sewing is now in focus for a bit ...i have joined a couple of bees, and a couple of swaps, and found a group of ladies who understand my wit, and creative mojo. (you know who you are!)
Well maybe a bit.
and tear and glue and stick and paint. This cover-image of 'Chunga's
2: Life. It is a simple fact of life that we all have responsibilities; homes to maintain, bills to pay, jobs to do, children to educate etc. Day by day we all face the challenge of meeting our responsibilities. And then, on top of all this, we want – no, we need – to write/paint/compose. How will we ever have time? How will I find the time to learn the craft of writing? Will I ever be able to shape my words, to say adequately what I want to be able to say? Will I be able to write in a way that is popular, engaging, amusing, contemporary, relevant – even successful? These thoughts try to invade our work. They try to shape it into something it is not and never could be. Barkat writes:
There's a twenty-five minute stretch in this musical where there's no music, in which the "obnoxious and disliked" John Adams vigorously argues in favour of American independence. More than any other film, it really captures the drama of political debate and oratory. The film also provides an in-depth look at the necessity of compromising a principle in favour of getting something accomplished: a Declaration of Independence without any mention of slavery might be a flawed document, but it's one that's going to be signed. It puts an incredible emphasis on how personalities-- a wish to stay anonymous, a desire to be well-liked, arrogance, and a sense of honour and duty-- impact political decisions more than static talking points. (Or they did, at any rate.) It communicates a sense of real fragility and danger that's been lost by the time we get to Trumbull, and it deeply humanizes its founders with more than a little salty humour. And, yes, it does all this with some really great songs.
ODIs- 56, Wickets- 87, Avg- 20.35, 4W- 3, Best- 5/22
where his paternal grandparents had settled after arriving from Sicily through Ellis Island in 1906, Tony La Russa spent 32 years at the helm of the Chicago White Sox, Oakland Athletics, and St. Louis Cardinals, winning six league championships and three World Series titles. A staunch advocate for animal rescue, he and his family founded ARF (Animal Rescue Foundation) in 1991, which aids abandoned
Dumped and spread 11 truckloads of top soil the front yard..
Today I'm feeling a little on the "poopy" side. As in, I'm bummin' a little. I've spent a lot of time, lately, just feeling a little on the blue side and, therefore, I have found myself "wasting" a lot of time. I have many more exciting 10 Things topics floating around in my head, but I find myself with little time left to write the post and so... here are Five Things on which I have been wasting my time plus Five Things I feel I should have spent that time doing...
Its fading now, just a lingering tickle in my throat and cough which is good but It really knocked me for a few days.
Continuing the drunk diary seems almost mundane in comparison but here are the units for today.
FYI, I give 11th place, honorable mention to Marilyn Monroe's dress-blowing scene in the zany sex comedy 'Seven Year Itch', But you'll have to read here to find out the technicality that excludes it from this list.
Everybody knows waste is a problem. But did you know trash is now America’s biggest export? That one of the tallest structures in Los Angeles is a mountain of garbage? That the average American is on track to make 102 tons of trash in a lifetime, twice what we were rolling to the curb in 1960?
I think this sounds wonderful.....timeless love.....past and present colliding.....I'm looking forward to it.
This post comes after reading an article about how women can delay motherhood by freezing their ovarian tissue and re-implanting it later on. A few hours before I read that article, a friend of ours was given the heart-breaking news by her doctor that she had suffered a miscarriage.
Right now we are are resting up at hotel Crestwood trying to catch our breath!
“Maybe the Dingo ate your baby”
You must go visit her Blog, you'll fall in love, and don't forget to check out my little feature!!!
I've been sick lately. How sick? Just your common head cold, with all the banal misery that entails. But throw in the stickiness of summer, and it feels, well, a good bit sickier.
GOD’S WORD; AND THE POWER OF GOD IS RELEASED TO CAUSE A DESIRED CHANGE AS I
So I looked deep into my mind
I discovered Courtney's blog not long after she mentioned this virtual 5k, and I knew I wanted to participate. On her blog, she said this would not be about "winning or prizes, its for anyone who has to endure life after something they think they cant. Its about just enduring life each day when we are down. Its a celebration of change and a celebration of
So, I think you can guess what that means ~ our time in Washington is quickly coming to close.
Verdict: Good
Despite accusations he was not up to the job of matching expectations at Anfield, Gerrard thinks it was a bad time for Hodgson to replace Rafael Benítez, a fans’ favourite after leading the club to their famous 2005 Champions League triumph.
Personally, and you may be shocked to hear this, I was an early swearer. In much the same way as I do not remember not breathing or not reading, I do not remember a time when, having been once again fucked over by the world, I did not feel the need to turn the air blue. Where I learned all these wonderful words remains something of a mystery to. There was no profanity on telly when I was eight, not like today with your frackin' this and your frackin' that, and my raising grandmother's most filthy phrase was "Jesus, Mary and Joseph". Nobody at school spoke to me so it seems unlikely that I picked it up there. In truth, I believe I was born with a motherfucker already blossoming upon my lips.
It reminds me a lot of the Bernie Dexter Chelsea dress, but I find this shape more forgiving on my figure. Obviously, I won't be pairing it with wellies!
#19-Lalkygirl
when i'm out walkin', i strut my stuff
When Dr. King argued in our opening reading that there are moral laws that are just as abiding as the physical laws, what laws is he referring to? In order to be clear in our consideration of an answer to this question, we must start by being clear about the nature of morality. Morality is the distinction between right and wrong, between good and evil. So, what Dr. King is arguing is that just as there is a law of gravity that describes the inevitable relationship of attraction between two masses, there are laws of morality that describe the inevitable relationships between right and wrong, between good and evil.
In southwestern Tennessee, the Union Army under Major-General Ulysses S. Grant had found his command camped at Pittsburg Landing, on the west bank of the Tennessee River. Confederate General Albert Sidney Johnston wanted to launch surprise attack on Grant‘s forces and destroy it. Johnston’s second-in-command, Pierre G. T. Beauregardadvised against such an attack, fearing that the sounds of Confederate soldiers marching and test-firing their rifles after two days of rain had cost them the element of surprise. Johnston refused to accept Beauregard’s advice and told him that he would “attack them if they were a million”. Despite General Beauregard’s well-founded concern, the Union forces did not hear the sounds of the marching army in its approach and remained blissfully unaware of the enemy camped three miles away.
So overall, it was a pleasant surprise. We got to meet the crowned Prince and the Deputy Ruler of Dubai, and took a gazillion photos with our Dean as he held his trophy, nice and proud.
I've been on school holidays and spent most of that time working on our house (getting it all pretty to sell, then I can pick out my next house in Brisbane, hopefully outside of the zombie-zoned areas).
Or you can let it lead you to it.
Web site: www.broadpeak.tv
Once pitched outside A&F’s flagship store, demonstrators were greeted by hordes of press, both local and international, accumulated on the opposite pavement. Also in attendance was the Chief inspector of Savile Row Constabulary, who commented to one of the protestors: “In all honesty, this is the best dressed demonstration I have ever seen.” We hope the Chief Inspector will add his signature to our petition and help keep riff-raff off the Row.
When the food arrived, we were rather stumped for a moment. It was all on one platter, with a side of a flatbread called Injera, and we had no individual plates or flatware. But we had caught a glimpse of the folks at a neighboring table scooping the food out of the platter with the Injera, so we gave it a shot.
(Pheonix News Wire) — A military separation hearing was scheduled today for a Camp Pendleton-based Marine sergeant facing discharge on “other than honorable” conditions for his “Armed Forces Tea Party” Facebook page and criticism of the president.
7 random facts about myself...
There are many versions of vegetarian Char Siew. Here is my simplified Chinese Vegan Char Siew Recipe.
It took me approximately twice the time it takes me to shave my legs to get two palm-sized patches (mostly) hair free. While I will say that my skin was velvety smooth, it also burned. A lot. Although, what else can you really expect when you rub your skin repeatedly with sand paper? I would say that I will let everyone know how long it takes the hair to grow back... but realistically there's not point as no one should try this product.
A great and welcome article by David Adams in the Irish Times discusses the media's large scale rush to blame pastor Terry Jones for the violence carried out by Islamists in the wake of his koran-burning antics, and their reluctance to condemn other horrific acts of violence carried out in the name of the "Religion of Peace".
But my father’s family, who live in Panipat, had different ideas. The first-born son of each brother in the family had to have a name beginning with the syllable ‘Vi’. It was a family tradition. My father’s eldest brother had named his first-born son Vijay. My father’s second brother had named his first-born son Vinod. What was all this Amit nonsense? They vetoed the name and told my parents to think again. The name Amit (written in ink) was crossed out on the green birth certificate and the name Vikram was pencilled in. And since Kolkata is possessive of its children, although I am not Bengali, I have once or twice seen myself referred to in newspapers here not as Vikram, but (I am proud to say) as ‘amader Bikrom’. And I for my part certainly consider this city to be ‘amar Kolkata’.
between the hours of 7am and 8pm. That's fine I guess, although 7am on a non school day is pushing it a bit, in fact 7am on a school day is hard, I need at least 1 cuppa before I'm up to the physical labour that is clearing snow off 40 metres of paving. But the locals of course take this VERY seriously, as soon as it stops snowing they're out there, snow shovels at the ready, I'd thought I was imagining this anality (gotta be a word surely?) but I have evidence, and not just from me:
that you could do differently today?
him by they noticed each other . They started to get to know
Shadow Health Secretary Andrew Lansley said: 'When the appalling standards of care at Stafford Hospital were revealed we were assured by Labour ministers that it was "an isolated case". That sort of complacency is simply not good enough.
He should have stood up and said, look, these things are a disaster; this is a crisis. He should have been anxiously telling the American people that these entities were causing a housing bubble that would cause a collapse that we’ve seen here in Florida and around the country. And are they a problem today? Absolutely. They’re offering mortgages, again to people who can’t possibly repay them. We’re creating another housing bubble, which will hurt the American people.
Their stories enrich mine as an entrepreneur. At the end of the day, these inspirations fuel the work I do in building a social enterprise and the brand JACINTO & LIRIO. In the short interval that I have been immersed in this work, I learned how being PASSIONATE about the story you are creating, plays a crucial factor in the pursuit for success. But most of all, I I definitely learned how COURAGE plays a BIG ROLE in pushing through with an enterprise. COURAGE plays a big role in continuing to believe in the story you are trying to tell.
IN any case… we found out fairly early that Hope was ‘in jeopardy’… no real surprise. And then we learned that, horror of horrors, JR MArtinez was also in jeopardy. The hosts are quick to point out taht this doesnt necessarily mean these dancers were both in the bottom.
This Sunday’s edition of El Comercio has a headline embarrassing to the country’s national library. Next to a picture of an old, valuable book the sub-headline reads, Biblioteca Nacional perdio dos mil libros (National Library lost two thousand books)
Saturday... the market in Apt and a tour of one of the oldest villages in the Luberon.. Oppede Le Vieux...
layering one stamp on top of each other,, with inks and paints.
I love these sweet little 4 bract blooms. The tree is planted near my bird feeding stations because the fruit is especially tasty to the birds. It is even edible to humans but I'll just let the birds enjoy it.
Muffy is fixated on making tea, and brings Kit every flavor she could find. Kit busies herself with the tea. hoping to snap Muffy out of her weird phase, and discovers that there's a problem with the water not flowing through the pipes. Muffy explains that when the pipes aren't working, they use a well on the property.
But ah, the wonders of Netflix. I would like to say thanks to my friends Ruth and Russell for introducing us to Netflix. I'm usually the last person to hop on any kind of media/technology bandwagon, and this was much the same. I ignored Netflix the same way I ignored Facebook and fancy new cell phones... until it was forced on me. With cell phones, people wouldn't call they would text, and I finally upgraded to a phone with a keyboard so as not to spend ten minutes typing out two sentences. With facebook, people posted our wedding pictures on it and wouldn't send them to us any other way so I finally joined. With Netflix, we were sent a one month free subscription, so I tried it. And with each one of those things, I was hooked. And I watched all of Glee on Netflix. I am a total Gleek. I think I love it so much because I LOVE show choir.
The stock is now at yet another all time high. After rallying $9.65, or 1.8%, to $535.41 in the regular session – closing at the high for the day and giving the company a market cap of $499.2 billion – the stock has inched up another 96 cents after hours to $536.37. That’s just enough to push the stock’s market cap to the north side of a half trillion bucks.
“Condemn not…”
“But, you went to Steven’s party with her after you took me home?” I struggled to understand his explanation.
"What do you think of this?" I asked her.
These two independent sources, however, will now be merged into one single source: an Internet voting system controlled by SCYTL, with a results reporting system also controlled by SCYTL.
During the first of the monthly gatherings, all night only five people came. For about four hours, there were only two of us at what was then the only BURN furnace in the UK. At the time, that was pretty discouraging. Now, however, I’m grateful that I can remember the journey and put these firstfruits into context. Sometimes, the joy of the offering is greater for the waiting and the pressing in. And it won’t stop there, either – they’re ‘first’ fruits. There’s more to come.
We make a humanly habitable world with stories. Every story, by engaging us in the how & why of events, is about power, & is itself a struggle for power. This will be a class about the stories we carry in our heads—on how to put them into words, to identify the elements of power: an experiment in imagining our way toward what might become the narratives of another possible world. I expect this will engage us in wide ranging discussions of politics and power in our lives, & in the world around us.
These can be used to supplement other mounts if the holiday itself is on. The token based mounts are not hard to get and are very efficient forms of mount collection. The Violet Proto-Drake takes a whole year, but does give you Master riding for free. And a LOT of achievement points.
The first ever draft was when Zeus told Hades (mythical asshole, am I right?), “Get off of my lightening bolt team (this was before pigskin existed) and get the HELL away from my beard.” Everyone was so upset by this — Aphrodite, Xena: Warrior Princess, Cher… These two made the perfect team, and seriously bro, what the fuck? As it turns out, Zeus found a younger, less-expensive player that would ultimately lead his team to greatness. (SPOILER ALERT: it was Jesus)
As the system goes, the only difference is that we now play next week instead of having the weeks rest and forego a home preliminary final. A hand full of cold beers took the edge off the disappointment and life goes on. The Melbourne Storm are still more than capable of whipping any of the remaining finalists and in the AFL my Hawks are still a red hot chance of winning their prelim this week and advancing to the Grand Final on the last Saturday in September.
On a cold and frosty morning,
Anyway, I really should stay here and clean. The bug guy will be here in two weeks. And I've somehow managed to spill something, and it's gotten to that point where I've put off the cleaning so long I'm almost afraid to get started on it.
Dr. Don Colbert provides an easy-to-understand and comprehensive explanation of the toxic battle you’re in. He also exposes risk factors and provides alternative solutions for living free from cancer, heart disease, liver disease, diabetes and more. You may be an average American who is overfed and undernourished, which means you are probably toxic, but there is hope. Detoxify your body with Dr. Colbert’s medically sound and proven program of juice fasting. Deep cleansing your body right down to the cellular level will renew your vitality, restore your energy, reclaim your health, shed toxic fat, lengthen your life and give you a healthy glow.
I know it’s a drop in the bucket, but there are others ready to stand with me, ready to pledge not only their moral support, but their financial support as well.
I admit it will mostly be used for the gun season, but it is versatile enough for bow hunting. And it will allow for bow hunting later in the season. There are other stand locations on the property that I usually bow hunt. Two adults can hunt in comfort with room for a child as well. I may write an update with more detailed pics after the next time I go. And this didn’t cost me much to build. Many of the materials were leftover from other house projects. Many were from friends and family. The remaining needed materials I found at the ‘Restore’ (The Habitat for Humanity resale store). In the end, it’s a wooden blind with vinyl siding and steel roof. It’s properly flashed, sealed, and carpeted. Gun deer season 2011 came and I gave the blind it’s first run with my sister-in-law. We sat back to back with a Buddy heater between us, warming our backsides. An hour into opening day, a forkhorn buck strolled to within 10 yards and pretty much asked to be put in my freezer. Happy to oblige. So I’d say the blind is a success. My father-in-law calls it the Taj Mahal. I said, “Nothing but the best for your daughters and granddaughters”. Not to mention your favorite son-in-law. But I know that soon after my girls start hunting, I will be forced back to my treestand. I’ll start gathering more materials now.
The script is wrong, the tone is wrong, the dynamic is wrong and the content, at least for those bits without Jay and Silent Bob, is wrong.
Holy shite.
Yogi Akal is an accomplished and sought-after numerologist, counsellor, relationship expert, Sikh minister, healer and consultant. Yogi Akal offers one-on-one teaching, counselling and consulting sessions, numerology assessments and private therapy sessions, Yogi can help you to achieve optimal health, balance, wellness and success in your personal and professional life.
It’s Sunday morning. It’s my son’s birthday. It’s been a lovely weekend so far. I anticipate a lovely day today.
That I can bring
“Slowly? I've seen glaciers move faster, cariad!”
Does Pop Rap amount to nothing more than a culture of D.I.Y. Drug distribution, where "Knowledge of Self " becomes a "Self first" attitude? Where Mc's become Gun-slingers and the Almighty Dollar is God, a Hip-Hop Men only jail bait club, perpetual sinners, Hypocrites drapped in Diamond encrusted Platinum Crosses and "Jesus Pieces".
4 megafoetuses
Brother Carl dropped me off at the trailhead on Monday with instructions to come back on Thursday, and off I went with the world’s heaviest backpack. The weight was mostly water (isn’t always); I was carrying nearly 1.5 gallons in two plastic water bladders, intending to hike to a what the map labeled as a “spring.” You can’t always believe what you read, so I wanted to have enough water to get me there and back. Of course I drank water freely.
The way I am doing it is not working for me, I need to take it steps by steps.
I wish that all babies were born healthy, without incident, in the miraculous way they were designed to be brought into this world. I wish that no one had to experience bad luck when it comes to their child. But most of all, for those that choose to deliver at home, I really really hope that you DON'T get unlucky. My heart breaks at the thought of it.
Unfortunately, as in most cases, the initial focus and research is just on the street-level policing. More research will have to be done to determine if all elements of the Philippine justice system have built their capacity to decrease or eradicate trafficking.
But then, who wants to listen to anyone’s constant personal diary, especially when it’s set to such uninspiring music? America’s youth lost 10 years of their lives listening to Browne’s and James Taylor’s navel-gazing drivel. He couldn’t even make his best song a hit; had to let those flannel-shirted idiots The Eagles smooth it out for national consumption.
I was there with my husband Richard and sister Jennifer. We heard some of our favorite musicans, like the Brass Band of California who are always lively, funny and accurate. (I got some tips about 1860s Music Hall traditions.) We also managed to catch Wylie and the Wild West and the Hot Club of Cowtown. I missed Sourdough Slim and his saw-playing sidekick, but Richard and Jennifer loved them.
Parents, families, community members and art supporters are invited to attend this public showing of approximately 150 works of art by high school students.
The other plus is my giveaway prize arrived this morning! My friend Jona had a giveaway on her blog not long ago and I won! (FYI you should read her blog if you aren’t already) I’ll be doing a better write up on the products I won when I feel better. But I tried the shampoo and conditioner when I tried to wash the ick away and they are amazing. I also have to say the color infused lip gloss is a new favorite. But more on that after many naps.
“You really don’t know how you’re going to react until it happens to you, and with me, I remember it was as if I was … falling inside myself,” he says.
it was time to start using them and I managed to do that with this card!
But Dickinson said it’s so pervasive, it’d be difficult to prevent.
Romance may dip a tiny bit into the dark side of life, just for dramatic contrast, but the fundamental assumption of the nature of reality behind the Romance is the existence of the HEA, that it's real, permanent, attainable, and a final ending. You get to win.
we could be two places at once
Meanwhile I sat and stewed 'cause I was without Internet or him or Sarah.
“Medic 6 en route.”
Ted goes around the room until Ethan finally tells him, “I could take you through my list of sales prospects or I could actually call them and make some money. Your call.”
info@theexhibitionlab.com
I think See’s statement “effective technology plans focus on applications, not technology” is correct. Districts already have media specialists to teach the basics. The purpose of technology use for the general education instructor is to use emerging technology to enrich and submerge students. General education teachers need to demonstrate how real world technologies can be transferred to the mach workforce environments.
all dressed up and at church.
This is a really difficult question for me. I'd like a dedicated writing space, which is mine and mine alone, somewhere I can store books, put up pictures on the wall, generally use as a creative space.
“Mom, I was thinking today at work about-” she paused to breathe in, considering her words, “about what we’re going to do with you.”
Strokes suck. They take away the person you knew and replace them with someone who may or may not remember you (thankfully she does know who we are) and it damages their brains and body. I can't even imagine going from 100% independent and living alone to having to be in a long term care/nursing home by myself and unable to function by myself. Having to relearn to swallow, chew, drink, eat, speak and even walk in some cases has to be mentally, emotionally and physically exhausting. I know for me it is and I have the easy side of this. However anyone who has been a caregiver knows, this its not so easy either.
Now here is another example of our PDRM thugs getting caught.
I would rate myself as average or below when it comes to the amount of television that I watch. There are a few shows that I enjoy and make a point of catching, one of them being ABC's Castle. Donna at What's Past is Prologue did a very interesting comparison between the show Castle and genealogy research.
coconut oil - 3 tbsp
I. Sepia
First class was Geology and Professor came in disguised as Gorilla Kong and rwarrrrred holding his baby gorilla in one arm and a banana in the other. After, I had Japanese then Marine Biology the Kanji follows.
Sometimes, as writers, we have such a desire to convey that the good character is good or the bad character is bad that we make them unbelievable.
Because I had enough.
I would really love to tape tutorials and post them in video format too.... we shall see if I can get a camera set up, and find time to learn how to edit video.
If there’s one thing that I really enjoy doing, it’s finding ways to cut costs without cutting quality. I try to do this as often as I can, and in as many areas of my life as possible. I don’t always succeed, of course, and there are plenty of times when paying more for something ends up better in the long run. But there are still plenty of areas in which I can simplify and apply a frugal philosophy without cutting an ounce of quality from what I have or how I live.
Now this is the third time that I can point at where this sort of thing has happened (and by "sort of thing" I mean late night, hosted horror movies). Back when stations actually stopped signing off right after the late news every night, there was a demand for content. Late night programming thrived, and with it the Horror Hosts. Then, when we saw the expansion of cable options, we saw another rise, this time of the national movie hosts, the most prominent being Elvira and MST3000. Now, we're in the same place again - we have an increase in ecological broadfcast niches, and old movies (and old television, and music videos) have moved into those niches, like groundcover after a wildfire.
You have to get out there and let people know your book is coming, and once it arrives, that it is still out there.
We’ve seen your ugly race pictures. But I want to see your favorite race picture! And an explanation of why. It can be ugly or pretty, solo or with a friend or group … whatever reason, as long as it’s your favorite. Oh my. I have to choose a favorite race photo? Strangely, I don’t have a lot of ugly race photos. Actually, there are probably ugly ones out there of me (I can think of one in particular from the Soldier Field 10 Mile where my form is horrific) but I haven’t saved any of them. For good reason.
As a golfer you wouldn’t play in the Masters with six clubs in your bag and I think it’s important to project that we have the full 14 club selection that you need to be a champion; and every day at Sperry Van Ness we are helping our clients and customers not only with their day-to-day real estate requirements, but if they need a club for that special situation, we can pull the right club and strategy out of the bag and help our clients make the shot that they need and the decision process to make the right choice in commercial real estate.
(Silence on my end.) “Is the computer unplugged?”
Gloucestershire Trading Standards also swung into action with a crackdown on counterfeit goods. The co-ordinated move was supported by Gloucestershire police and Cotswold District Council.
Furniture in the style of treble and bass clefs, and...
For men its the testosterone which gives them large bones and body frame, more body hair, deeper voices, and the drive and desire to protect, procreate (I personally think this one is shared between men and women), make money and to kill things (hunting/gathering).
Pull My Daisy
It's hard not to take it all personally, but when I am able to stand back from it, I find this concept of being marginalised very interesting. I am a white woman from southern England and although I do not like to think I am middle-class, I have some of those credentials – for instance, I work in the media and speak a bit posh, like. I would, therefore, not be expected to experience much prejudice other than the usual bilge from the odd unreconstructed male.
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Back at the RV park, Lynda did some laundry while I began to pack up the Trek. Later on, we gathered over at the Fleeman's coach to have some of Judi's homemade chili for dinner.
- I kissed my incredible boyfriend some more. -
The Google Book Search Settlement is a sweeping agreement that shifts the ground on copyright, and has far-reaching implications for the future of books. Whether to opt in or out is a complex, difficult decision. Authors should strive to inform themselves as fully as possible (a tour of the links below should help with that), and should not allow themselves to be swayed by the small amount of money they may receive from Google if they remain in the Settlement.
1. You are an unintelligent and incompetent President.
Comment on any post today for a final chance to win a copy of Streams of Living Water, a devotional book that I co-authored with my father, F. Burleigh Willard.
Ben added:
Overall Opinion
Recently my attention has been drawn to two articles in the local Cape Town newspaper highlighting ‘Sex Work’ in the city.
Biographical analysis
Xypherous: This is never going to work!
Hello Family,
Tourists flock to Italy and Europe to the lodging in italy of the lodging in italy it being synonymous with romance, boasting of rich tradition of lovers, one being the lodging in italy of legendary Latin lover Casanova. Walking through those narrow little streets in Rome can be experienced by families at one of these foreign nationals a second and oftentimes more affordable residence in one of those quaint little peaceful villages in surroundings that brings in tranquility and a sense of nostalgia of by gone days, as you are on a particular region when buying property in different locations in Italy. You should either have a quad band phone responds to all the lodging in italy, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz frequency bands which are entirely different from the EU have actively made the Mediterranean six hundred years Italy was defeated in World War 1, Benito Mussolini organized his fascist party and in 1922 became Prime Minister. Italy was a very high price and also be unaware of the calls.
Oh yeah, do I need an agent? I strongly suggest that you find an agent. Agents are invaluable assets to authors. They can get your proposal in front of the right people and they’re your first critics and constant allies and advocates. They know the publishing business and will help you navigate it. I could go on. That said, it’s true that not as many agents look out for illustrated proposals. The number of agents serving the illustrated gift book industry is just lower than fiction and commercial nonfiction, so finding one to rep you may be more difficult. But don’t fear. You don’t need an agent to get an illustrated publishing deal. Will it help? You betcha. But if your concept and platform is strong, most editors will still look at your proposal, even if you’re not represented.
I have been seeing a lot written in the cooking world about the combination of blackberries and thyme. One recipe that caught my eye was in Bon Appetit magazine -Blackberry, Lemon, and Thyme muffins. You have nice plump blackberries - fresh or frozen, mixed with fresh thyme and lemon zest baked in a delicious batter consisting of butter, cake flour, regular flour, sugar, vanilla and buttermilk. Top this batter with a delicious crumble, bake, and you have one moist great tasting muffin.
New Albany-Floyd County Education Association
early Thursday morning. I will be back as soon as I can because
Balloons. Manchester City. Cock ups. What can you say? The urge for City fans is to say "typical City" - that's almost become Mantra over the years. Whatever can go wrong WILL go wrong. Roll on the "minute's silence".
3T brown sugar
But these romantic movies never really get to the meat and guts about what it is we really crave for in men. It’s a lot easier to portray a man as catering to a woman than it is showing a man in his natural masculine state pursuing a woman and successfully getting that raw attraction from her vs. the contrived IDEALS that women are taught to want in men.
PunchBunch Medium Sky Flake and Sparkle for stamens
“WHERE IS MY YARDSTICK????????”
I used the smallest scooper I had to fill the mini cupcake pan. Once the mini cupcakes were cooled, I piped Hello Kitty with cream cheese frosting, and gave her a pink nose and bow.
Tangerines off the tree and some kind of passion fruit I have eaten here. A bunch of grapes I have consumed from guys crushing grapes into pulp and bumped into Ziggy. He has been walking. Where I have been stumbling he has worn the correct footwear and hitched where I waited for a bus. Oh how stupid you are.
seek and you wil find;
08. Saikai
Geophysical events like earthquakes and volcanic eruptions – the kinds of things that may already be on the edge of discharge – can, with the right resonant energies added into the system, cause them to overload and actually fracture. Former U.S. Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen actually made the statement regarding weapons of mass destruction and the idea of generating earthquakes artificially. In a April 28, 1997 DoD News Briefing at the Conference on Terrorism, Weapons of Mass Destruction, and U.S. Strategy at the Georgia Center, Mahler Auditorium, University of Georgia, Athens, Ga. Cohen stated: “Others are engaging even in an eco- type of terrorism whereby they can alter the climate, set off earthquakes, volcanoes remotely through the use of electromagnetic waves.”
Since Elliott will be having brain surgery soon, he'll have to cut his hair. In the 15 years that I've known him, I have never seen him with short hair, so I can't even imagine it. However, he's wanted to cut his hair for a while, and he thinks that brain surgery is the perfect motivation to go ahead and do it!
Driving through Nevada was similar to southern Utah, very desolate. We did drive right through a wild fire and didn't really know it at the time - like there were firemen on the side of the road tending flames but I thought they were on training exercises until I saw the large swaths of burnt ground a few miles later.
Seahawks Regular-Season Schedule (All times PT)
1. I am originally from Long Beach, California. I especially miss CA now when Virginia has the "mix-it" winter weather. Mix it with a little freezing cold at the beginning of the week, may be some snow flurries at the end of the week...
Revolution
I'm telling it like it is, I've got my way and these are my fucking thoughts for you,
green multi-faceted bead
Such was the lofty original state of man and the creation, and such was man’s lofty original calling. But as we all know and experience every day, the first man, Adam, fell from this state and brought himself and all of creation into a state of corruption and death.
1. Don’t waste your time counting sheep. They are loud and smelly and move surprisingly fast. Instead count something less exciting, such as Supreme Court Justices or list the different genera of Bacteria.
However, two neighbors who were quoted in the tabloid claimed otherwise.
“The Taliban have openly declared they will target the tankers, but we have been provided with no security.”
By: Lionsgate
Arnica montana for trauma, bruises and sore muscles. This is one of the first things I use for first aid. It is also highly recommended by plastic surgeons because it helps reduce swelling and bruising while speeding recovery from the surgery.
Sunday: Happy Mothers Day! Who knows what we will do!
Manchester United
03. I Saw It Cummin' (Back Alley Bozack Mix)
“The people of Kennington will just shrug their shoulders at the development and get on with their lives.
Every day I have to frustrate myself reading some valuable input just to have it corrupted by some corrupted PERSONAL interpretation of the Bible by either a Christian or a non-Christian.
mud between your toes,
I am really worried that although now I am living as a woman and am comfortable in myself, I will spend the rest of my life really really uncomfortable with myself. (For putting my family through this)
At the time, I wondered if any of the SS death camp guards and their Ukrainian volunteers did not deserve execution. I wondered if the small risk of confused identity in this case mattered much.
Depp’s Shakespeare-like vernacular actually provides a ton of laughs, without confusing the audience, like so many of Shakespeare’s writings. Moretz has been growing before our eyes, her performance, as Carolyn was so snide and snarky, I loved it, I just wish we had more of her. I’m so convinced she’s going to be a major star one day.
And then I walked away. I never touch them, I leave them alone, to do their soaking and whatever else they want to do when I am not looking! I watched a movie, chatted with my brother about computer problems, and then remembered my poor skeins!
Crowds wait in anticipation for the first snowflakes to fall from the mall sky. Children wear Santa caps and imagine visits from the North Pole. Hey, wait!! We're in the tropics-palm tree, light breeze, bright sun...
“For the first time in Australia’s history people with significant and permanent disability will receive lifetime care and support, regardless of how they acquired their disability.”
I need to start this post by letting you in on a personal situation regarding my relationship with my husband. Several years ago I had to put hubby on jacket detention. It was either this or something much more drastic such as a family intervention was going to be necessary. The kids really were reluctant to get this involved so I took action into my own hands and just did it. It was hard on all of us for a while, but hubby was strong and resisted. I've been so proud of him, especially in January when he walks through Dillards and sees all the nice jackets on sale.
My birthday is coming up...on September 11th. Yep. My brother was born on December 7th. Yep. If this keeps up, there will be a disaster on all of my siblings' birthdays.
The past weekend both of my feet and legs have been bothering me. Weird sensations, sore and tingly arches, tight calves and hamstrings. I have been afraid to run for fear of bringing back my Plantar Faciitis - had it 2010 in Right foot and 2011 in Left. This fear has kept me from running.....which is stupid as I need to start my training for upcoming races.
Finally, to protect it, go over it one more with a coat of gel medium. And voila. Homemade DIY canvas's.
Island Creek Oysters (Cranberry Verjus, Osetra Caviar, Lily White)
I may be over 21 but the legal drinking age is 18. By all means ask for ID and ask with a smile, but I no more wish to drink in a place that bars 18-21 year olds any more than I would wish to stay in a guest house that bars blacks, Irish or homosexuals. I’m not a member of those 3 groups either, but if that’s your policy you can stick my custom up your arse.
Know how to wail here
Not all books are available in ePub format, but there is a lot of variety. My Kobo came with 100 free books and I received a coupon for two new books. The 100 free books are mostly classics from the Gutenberg project, or as I heard on a radio show a few weeks ago “all the books that you never wanted to read in high school”. There are actually some pretty good classics, such as Bram Stoker’s “Dracula”, Jane Austen’s most popular books and “War and Peace” by Tolstoy. But if you already had to read these in high school or would like to read something newer, you’ll have to pay anything from $0.99 to over $25.
This is all over the South Korean media today. Even though I’ve not been keeping up with all of the news for several months now (I have a very good excuse… as those of you who follow my adoption blog will know) it’s been patently obvious that something was up for a while – and I’m probably just one of many fans feeling totally ripped off by CNR Media for having paid in December 2011 (I know many people signed up in January 2012 but I was an early bird) for a fan club membership that has yet to materialize.
My first step is to chart exactly how much time I spend doing things other than direct patient care. Given that I round three times a day with residents, midlevels, and attendings, then implement whatever they want implemented, I think that charting'll show I'm really busy. Add in all the other stuff, and. . .well, it'll make a good argument for me getting some relief.
Bikes used in cross country mountain biking can be fully rigid frame, hardtails, or even full suspension frames. Through the years, the cross over to full suspension has become very popular.
Using Spellbinders Rose Creations, place the die cuts, cutting side down on the cutting plate of the Grand Calibur. Then place the base plate upside down on top, and pass the sandwich through the machine.
My orders have been taking up my time over the last week or so no time for blogging. I'm up to date now with my orders now so I can make a serious start with my Christmas cards!!!! I'm starting with The Snowman. This year I'm going to use more stamped images and colouring them in using the Speccie pens. I've never had the confidence before but I'm getting more confident in using them now. I used two of the images from The Snowman stamps and decided to use the plate and stand card. The backing papers are off The Snowman CD Rom.
However this does not discount the rear wing is also being blown and stalled by the DRS duct, but I have yet to see any evidence of slots in the underside of the rear wing profiles or endplates. AUTOSPORT reported these were seen in testing, so perhaps there remains the chance the system could be used for both wing front and rear.
That's politics for you.
Customization
At least - I think it does. What does it mean to you?
I checked out the painfully long comments page on the World Nomads website which helped fill in the gaps, and others had questions on whether the essay could be posted to your blog. Turns out it can! Here is the final product of my labour, along with the personal essay on how cool I am and why I should win. Enjoy, and wish me luck!
The problem with some allergies and sensitivities is that they take some time to manifest. This turned out to be the case with Taylor and her neurological allergy to corn. At about 1 year of age after surviving with a cold the entire winter I had to take her to the hospital again.
26If, when I saw the sun shining, and the moon moving on its bright way,
Here’s a LightBox pic taken a week or so back. The subject in question Red lychee Tea. The pic was taken in a fab place called the Tea Box a lovely tea shop in Richmond Surrey.
Oct 8th - Jacksonville, FL taught by Colleen Schaan - Opens next week
4. “Son, no yelling.”
Anyway. I like what Eileen Myles writes about being an artist and working-class, as I'm working-class too, culturally definitely, there's a distinction now in our post-Palin world, my father was a lawyer, but we lived in a working-class suburb and I was the kid who didn't know what a Banana Republic was in high school and wore my sister's hand-me-downs from Kohl's and Carson's and was taunted for my wardrobe, and I never really understood until recently the class dynamics of cruelty in high school where I was definitely the lower rung, the school librarian gave us a ride to school every day because we never had a car. But definitely working-class culturally, in that my extended family is working-class, check-out clerks at grocery stores, bus drivers, people that work with their hands, and my family shops at Aldi and buys generic and is horrified of my penchant for vegan foods, natural foods. Horrified by me. Who has no idea how to make money, has never prioritized making money, and hates the idea of art and money, together, I think it ruins it, I want to have a press someday and give the books away for free, that's my great dream.
It's time to round-up the votes of the Steve jury as Mike Moran and Lynsey de Paul are back with Rock Bottom.
I haven't mentioned the Police Academy films yet, as so many of the Foundry street cops seem to be based upon characters from that series. That is certainly the case with the third figure in line, who passes a very close resemblance to the overly gung-ho Eugene Tackleberry. To be honest, he is too tall for an accurate representation of Tackleberry, so maybe you'd be better of using the name given to him by Foundry - Baker. The addition of the sunglasses is a nice touch.
There are many political and social activists who are silenced systemically or who languish in various infamous prisons, gulags and underground torture chambers around the world, in both developed and developing countries. For majority of them, their only crime is daring to expose injustice, to tell the truth, to stand up for what they believe, to challenge corrupt and undemocratic authorities, and to demand freedom for all people.
One last note, if you're curious, there is some debate as to whether cashews are actually a "raw" food. The process commonly used to extract the nut from the shell utilizes heat, killing the beneficial enzymes. To learn more about raw foodism and why the enzymes are so important to raw foodists, these articles may be helpful: 1, 2, 3.
For tax years 2010 through 2013, the maximum credit is 35 percent for small business employers and 25 percent for small tax-exempt employers such as charities. An enhanced version of the credit will be effective beginning Jan. 1, 2014 and the rate will increase to 50 percent and 35 percent, respectively.
If the answer is: We can get it if we put back one other thing from our cart.
Yet, for some reason, you are out there protesting Israel (the most ‘gay friendly’ country in the Middle East) and supporting Palestine (who is controlled by Hamas, who I already pointed out would happily murder you).
After the panel it was meeting time. I was totally freaked out trying to remember my one liner pitch, but as it turned out I didn't even need it. Several weeks ago we'd sent intro letters, synopsis and first 10 pages of our projects to the agents we were meeting with, and she didn't even ask for a pitch. She just launched into a discussion about my project and basically said she really liked my story and characters and thought the writing was good, etc.
Time and attention are all we have, so we should cherish those things above everything. We as individuals, as a species and as a community live by those simple limitations. We come into existence, we live, and we go on into the void but during our brief time of living we have our attention and we can choose to some degree where we place that attention and use our time.
Break-ins are not uncommon in Oslo. While there is a feeling of general safety, pick-pockets have become increasingly active in the downtown area, and last summer's and fall's spike of rape attacks had the whole city on edge. But I've never felt the fear of being openly robbed, or mugged, in broad daylight. I think I look out for myself well enough.
Another example: Government decision makers are often reluctant to adopt tax reform if there are “losers” as well as “gainers.” As most elected officials are themselves seen as losers, there is rarely an instance when gainers outnumber them, making tax reform nigh impossible.
But now that I've finished it once, I am ready to do it again.
The movements of the 1960s did great things, but the majority of the changes produced affected primarily Americans, rather than the rest of the world. I’m aware that Kennedy started the Peace Corps in the 1960s and that many of the revolutionary events involved the Vietnam war in some way, but there can be no comparing the global understanding of that age and ours.
Horseradish Cheese & Dill Omelet
For your chance to win BLOG CANDY, (a set that will be released NEXT month), visit and comment on each of the following design team members' blogs on August 10, 11, 12, and 13, 2010. On Saturday, (August 14, 2010), a winner will be chosen FOR EACH DAY from those participants who visited all the blogs listed for that day. (There will be four different winners, one winner for each day.)
What to do with the last 10 seconds?
So, here's what's up for elimination.
Here are a few of my favorite items (mostly from etsy) that I think would be the cutest additions to any nursery or children's room! Wouldn't it be so fun to sneak in when you're little one is sleeping & fill their room with these awesome Christmas accessories? I guess they'd have to be old enough to notice, but I think it's a sweet idea! Ahhh all this stuff makes me want to watch Elf right meow! :)
“Yes, Lord,” he said, “you know that I love you.”
Dragon Lady: That pretty color. You want flower on big toe?
3/29: Reading: Mittell, “Narrative Complexity in Contemporary American Television” (online)
Struggling to control both her growing power and her deepening feelings for Alex, Lila decides the time has finally come to stop running and start fighting. Together with Alex, Demos, and the people she’s come to think of as family, Lila plans not just to save her brother and mother, but to completely destroy the Unit and everything it stands for.
Thank you Father! The Lord says there is someone here tonight, he ask me to tell you; stop being afraid, because the destroyer will not visit your family again.
Everything would have been fine if the Spanish tourists had arrived on time.
My love of supple coeds and astute blood-shedding is repeatedly put to test in Pieces, as both come in close contact with one another with an uncomfortable regularity. The fact that the majority of the victims all had it going on in terms of being attractive didn't help matters. As wonderfully shameless as it is, this heady mix of alluring and bloodcurdling had me questioning my loyalties at every turn. Take, for example, the aerobics sequence. A scene like this is my reason for living (I was like a malnourished kid in a leotard store). The synthesizer music (with vocoder-enhanced vocals), the kicking in unison, the super tight exercise clothes, and the overall chromatic splendour of it all was a thing of perverted beauty. Only problem is, one of them has to be murdered to move the plot forward. It's quite the dilemma, and it's not the only time it happens. Every coed who comes face-to-face with the killer's chainsaw is just so darn cute and sexy, that it's a shame they all have to be violated in such a grotesque, yet highly creative manner. Just for the record, the waterbed stabbing and toilet evisceration were my favourite death sequences.
why . . . the best buddy, of course!
voices fall and rise, accompanied
hb Inspired by Emily Dickinson.
Marshmallow Peeps Martini
his legs be of azure
Then lay each garlic head (cut side up) into a small piece of aluminum foil (big enough to wrap the garlic up in and seal) and place each “package” into a muffin pan like so:
-Ribbon Trim
I believe we should come up with our own Latin names
Good morning readers! I hope this finds you doing well.
If you are like most people, the answer is likely to be, “it depends.” What it depends on, a recent study found, is not whether the position that scientist takes is consistent with the one endorsed by a National Academy. Instead, it is likely to depend on whether the position the scientist takes is consistent with the one believed by most people who share your cultural values.
Even as a quick, low end sale, $35 buys you two PLEX which will get you 500 million ISK, so $70 would get you a billion and it would be risk free. Potentially though, played right, that $35 gets you pretty close to the billion mark. So the best case scenario would be paying the same price for a greatly increased risk.
Walking into the nurses lounge from the heat of the parking lot, I registered two things immediately.....
I'm NEVER going to vacuum my dining room chairs again. Hip hip hooray!
Te-Erika Patterson: Today, I have a good body image because I no longer define my worth by my ability to be loved. I doubt if I will ever be loved and I have accepted that as a probability so it has freed me to focus on other things to be proud of knowing that NOTHING is promised to anyone.
Because inmates cannot sign for deliveries, packages must be sent via U.S. Mail. While Amazon.com often sends packages via U.S. Mail, we also use UPS and FedEx. There is no way for customers to request a specific shipper. To avoid delivery problems, you might consider having the items shipped to you and then shipping them to the penitentiary via U.S. Mail.
Somebody to Love – Glee Soundtrack
Gosh, what a surprise…!!!
I'm still in here, ya know.
The theory gets more interesting, however, when considering individuals with negative self-views, such as those with low self-esteem or depressive symptoms. These individuals don't like themselves very much, and may consider themselves unlovable, incompetent or unworthy. Although you may be thinking that a person with such a negative self-image should be the most motivated to seek out positive feedback, self-verification theory argues to the contrary. It says that these individuals prefer that others see them just as unfavorably as they see themselves. What the heck?!
I'm pleased to announce that this blog will be my only stampin' blog. I'm letting my SU! website go. I rarely get orders through it, most people contact me directly so please make sure to do that if you want to order. I just can't afford to keep the site going if I'm not making any money off it. This blog, however, is a labor of my love of crafting and will remain.
But slowly, Mary's truths are failing her. She's learning things she never wanted to know about the Sisterhood and its secrets, and the Guardians and their power. And, when the fence is breached and her world is thrown into chaos, about the Unconsecrated and their relentlessness.
2008 The Associated Press
What is your favorite Hanukkah tradition?
Also, I am about done with Flower Patch. I needed to decide if I was going to leave it this way or add the WDW (Weekes Dye Works) Mascara to the center area around the flowers. Well yesterday while home waiting for the dog to poop, I decided to fill it in. I am about half done and ran out of floss, but hope to have the finished photo for you soon.
yearnings scribed on heart's parchment
This was only the beginning, for it interfaces with two other grids on the planet that are also invisible. The second one is called the Crystalline Grid. The third one we will call Gaia. All of these are together and intertwined, but the one that is the most dynamic is the Crystalline. The Crystalline Grid responds to Human consciousness and that which is called the Kundalini of the planet. This is energy that moves and uncoils itself, but only if it is called to do so through that multidimensional energy called, “Human consciousness.” This is what has happened, and now let us explain why.
Meanwhile, Ross, your cards are coming soon. I was waiting to pick up a few more packs and hit more of your needs and I did manage to add a couple of extras. I wish I had more but I'm sending the diamond parallels and all the Heritage extras I had from your wants. I think it unfortunately doesn't total any more than the number of cards you sent.
Get involved. Scalzi was chatting with all the early arrivals when I got there, funny stories about his travel or whatever. When he started the "real" bit, he asked us a lot of questions. Did we hear about this from his blog? Did we want to hear him read from his new novel, or his next, unpublished one? He let the audience vote on it, and he then he had us all swear secrecy for the excerpt from his new book.
My usual perception of street and bus performers are people with strong needs for money. In Montevideo I was very surprised to see lots of street singers and performers that, from their appearance, seemed to be average people doing it just for fun. And they were really good!
Introduced in 1976, the Eagles are the comics industry’s best-known fan-selected awards, giving the entire comics community the opportunity to vote for the finest publications and brightest talent of the past year, with categories covering the whole world of comics, including manga, movies and web comics.
Under the current system in England and Wales, it is open to anyone to make an application for a copy of the documents on the court file. But that is a costly step to take for a discretionary order and, facing a risk of costs orders, it is a step that would only be taken where there is a substantial commercial, rather than academic or forensic, reason for doing so.
apple ssssstrudel for desssssert.
10. Master Program – Total Fire Ant Control (4:15)
I like the Panko because they keep food crunchy when baked unlike plain bread crumbs that are only crunchy if you fry them.
For anyone who has not seen the past years......
Enter to be written as a character in my book, Great Hexpectations. I'll create your character using your name, description and personality (I'll send over a questionnaire, etc. to find out all about you!)
Then the unthinkable. TWB Girl involves ME.
I will admit to being fascinated by almshouses, especially those that still provide accommodation as their founders intended. These certainly seemed well kept though we were not able to see what they are like within. You will find a short history of them on The Cleave’s Almshouses Web site.
Mantra Yoga and Primal Sound is the most comprehensive book on mantra I have ever encountered. Broad in scope, it includes rare and esoteric aspects of each individual Sanskrit phoneme, drawing from the deep well of Vedic knowledge that Vamadeva has accumulated over many decades of study and practice.
If I get it done, I do. If not, that’s OK too. I’ll just keep working at it and do what I can. The rest will happen in its time; things always do. Time is a funny thing. We all have that same amount of it in a day; some us just make better use of it than others. I lived in New Orleans for a long time and one of the many things my co-workers and I said to each other those days we had to work 15-16 hour days was:
on our walks in Paris.
Just outside the gardens there is a large tree house, most of it is a restaurant but there are some wobbly bridges to charge around, we ate there later in the week when we had the bad snow. The meal was gorgeous.
GINGRICH: Let me say, first of all, having gotten to know them, I think all three of the wives represented here would be terrific first ladies. Callista and I have gotten to know all three of them, and we think they’d be fabulous people. So I would rather just to talk about why I like Callista, and why I’d like her to be first lady, but she’s not necessarily in any way better. These are wonderful people, and they would be wonderful first ladies.
Thursday was also opening day for the Cincinnati Reds. So we all sported our Reds gear (but I only managed a picture of the kids). We can't wait to head to the ballpark. Being so close to downtown means we can decide at the last minute if we want to head down to a game.
My husband and I stayed up late last night watching the movie Courageous (from the makers of Fireproof). It's a movie that really hit home for me. I was raised in an evangelical Christian home, so faith has always been a big part of my life. This movie is really important for any father to watch, no matter the age of your child(ren). This movie is all about honoring your family and raising your children to love the Lord. I guess the movie has been on available on DVD since January 17th. My husband had seen the previews for it and saw it in the store, so we picked it up.
Alex Désert … Skelly
and run to Midnight on April 30th.
So, with that said, don’t let a daunting recipe stop you from enjoying the more exotic flavors in life! Explore the wide food world!
Gwenyth Killigrew, the Witch of Kerrow is used to being woken up in the dead of night. At the spinsterly age of 30, Gwenyth has been performing the duties of healer and midwife for Kerrow and the surrounding lands for many years. Very little could shake the unflappable calm that comes with Gwenyth’s beauty, experience, and her ability of second Sight.
Let us start with the information that can help you in ensuring this power inverter for your usage. This 1000W+USB 12V-220V power inverter is composed from a shell material that is an alloy of aluminum and magnesium (Al-Mg). It offers you an input voltage of DC12V/DC 24V while the output voltage is AC110V/220V. Another main specification that is involved with this power inverter is that it has a power rating of 800watt and if you use this power for longer then it offers 600watt.
You feel alone, worn out, emotionally drained, weak and wanting some guidance.
Avocados–cause upset stomach, vomiting, and pancreatitis
I see that Dr Peter West, retired university lecturer and social commentator, is in today's Age fulminating on the bad manners of Young People at the Opera and the Consequent Decline and Fall of Civilisation. Apparently nobody obeys Rules any more. It's all the fault of entitled young people with their newfangled phones, according to Dr West. Or possibly people on drugs. Anyway, I was inspired, and decided to list some Rules of my own.
We make exceptions for genius with the benefit of hindsight. With the weight of a century or so of bolstering critical opinion, we all now recognise that William Blake was a genius, and so we suspend our disbelief about his visions. Who knows what a genius may or may not see? Perhaps we consider that, as an artist as well as a poet, Blake’s visual imagination produced images so vivid, so concrete, that in some way they did indeed ‘appear’ before him. Perhaps, as Peter Ackroyd suggests early in his book, the faculty of eidetic imagery, fairly common in children who see hallucinatory images as genuine sensory perceptions, was retained by Blake throughout his life.
As part of the University of Ottawa’s History and Theory of Art program, a group of fourth-year students is publishing Millefeuilles, a journal of research papers by this year’s graduates. An accompanying symposium will be held at the University of Ottawa on May 12.
For a full minute I ride hard. Leaning forward, I stare at the control board in front of me and zone out. Pump, pump, pump. My quads start burning. Sometimes I count to ten, over and over. I learned this trick in childbirth. It's the one part of all those Lamaze classes that really worked. Focus on something else. Even if it's just numbers. One. Two. Three. Four. Five...
Lent’s about little dyings.
...a friend was leading a therapy group for mentally ill ex-con drug addicts....one day, a caseworker was talking with a client and had to leave the room...finding, upon returning, that both the client and her lap-top were gone....though the guy came back the next day, to what I imagine was as therapeutic a grilling about what happened to the lap-top as possible...it’s at a crack house, he said, but I can get it back for $20...not surprisingly, the staff was dubious...but given the value of the computer, not to mention all the classified files on its hard drive, twenty bucks really wasn’t much to gamble on the faint possibility of getting it back...so, they gave it to him, and, some time later, he came back, lap-top in hand...leaving my friend and me really impressed by what was apparently a very professionally and ethically-run crack house....making me wonder: can fair trade organic crack co-ops be next?...
Day 3 - We rocked it at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum. So much stuff to see. Michael Jackson's Thriller jacket, letters and contracts, lyrics written on paper... We Didn't Start The Fire, was written on lined paper! Some lyrics were on folders, whatever they could find apparently. We even saw some of Jimmy Hendrix's drawings he did as a kid. Yeah, who knew he was an artist too? I didn't. SO COOL!
In a recent trend, the field of social-personality psychology has become sensitive to the data reporting and analytic strategies that go into the publication of a research paper. Today at the “False Positive Findings are Frequent Findable and Fixable” symposium at SPSP the three speakers presented some very polarizing observations about this trend in our field.
1tbsp agave nectar
The web is changing everything, of course: libraries, librarians, users and statistics. In a knowledge economy, statistical data must be treated as an economic rather than as an administrative resource. Statistical production should be judged by the same standards as other forms of knowledge production. Libraries are knowledge factories rather than media collections. Statistical systems should produce the data librarians need to sustain and develop their services – as well as the data politicians need to make decisions and evaluate policies.
GO FISH GO MARLINS
C’ya
The actions that represent are for more important.
The paintbrushes, gifts and blank journals went to the thrift store. Note to gift givers: Writers are extremely picky about journals. Don't give me a journal unless it's the Twin Ring. Love.)
The ability to read and write.
And let its odors flow,
This view is different. You still see trees, dips, and potholes, but you also see the horizon.
How could such a sacrifice burn? It was in the hands of God and after Elijah prayed in verse 37, “the fire of the Lord fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench.” The end result is seen in verse 39. “And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces; and they said, The Lord, he is the God: the Lord, he is the God.” This was done to manifest the power of God.
She's shy, reading out of a note. Come on, look at us at least once!
But alas things are not so easy. In this part, I’ll present Thurow’s own criticism of this first version of the argument. I will then present his alternative version of the argument (the “process defeater argument”) that responds to this criticism.
In the wee hours of morning, 5:45a to be exact, we were picked up at Casa de las Tias by Laguna Lodge’s bus. More like a mini-bus, it was air conditioned, spacious, and all-around comfortable. As we were the first on the bus, the next two hours were spent driving around the Central Valley picking up the other guests.
of the 20th century. She was
My father is a bully. He is controlling and domineering. I thought he had changed. I guess it was only a matter of time.
ULTRAMAN ZEARTH debuts theatrically. After a hiatus, Ultraman returns to Japan’s motion picture screens. Since 1996, a new Ultraman theatrical feature has been released every year.
8 ounces good quality semi-sweet chocolate chunks
Murray's further distinguishes itself by having a comfortably appointed classroom on the premises where ongoing classes are conducted in cheese making, pairings, and regional samplings. They also boast the elaborate set of caves in the basement where through climate control they age the young cheeses that are purchased directly from small producers.
Most of Lee’s references are easy to recognize – you have Malevich’s Black Square painted on tambourines, you have an early Brice Marden panel painting made of grey and black beach towels, there’s a Fred Sandback made from a clothing seam sagging in one corner, and then there are the light bulbs – a material that in Lee’s context recalls both Johns’ lead sculptures as well as Dan Flavin’s early work (so visible in the recent retrospective). Basically with Lee, you find references to work made by men now reclaimed and remade by another man who is perhaps more attuned to the masculine stereotypes that can be implicit in that history. In other words, Lee is more inclusive about what the history of those robust masculine artists can allow.
Part of what makes it work is the summery atmosphere and the glorious south Wales countryside. This is a pastoral adventure with love in the air. This together with the 50s setting, I am slighted reminded of the comedy drama, The Darling Buds of May.
(2) Pears and Scrambled Eggs
It’s very good news that you are not your brain, because when mind finds its true power, the result is healing, inspiration, insight, self-awareness, discovery, curiosity, and quantum leaps in personal growth. The brain is totally incapable of such things. After all, if it is a hard-wired machine, there is no room for sudden leaps and renewed inspiration. The machine simply does what it does. A depressed brain can no more heal itself than a car can suddenly decide to fly. Right now the golden age of brain research is brilliantly decoding neural circuitry, and thanks to neuroplasticity, we know that the brain’s neural pathways can be changed. The marvels of brain activity grow more astonishing every day. Yet in our astonishment it would be a grave mistake, and a disservice to our humanity, to forget that the real glory of human existence is the mind, not the brain that serves it.
My word of the year suffered last month. I find that the harder I try to change certain things I know need to be changed, the harder it is to do so. I've been letting certain people, mainly family members, get under my skin. I've had less than loving thoughts and feelings towards them. None of which are justifiable. It's just been.......hard!
I asked my Veda Guru what her Guruji did when he was subjected to the views of all and sundry. She said, “He gave them all a careful ear, and if they were silly.. he just laughed”.
9. Instead of the Vinvocci, “The End Of Time” could have featured gloop-faced “runny people” aliens.
Adult onset is typically in early to mid-adulthood, usually after or concurrent with transvestic fetishism. There are two different courses for the development of gender identity disorder:
The above is attributed to Francis Hamit of BrassCannonBooks.net, understanding how it should be.
Add the fresh or frozen veggies and toss into the rice.
The Supreme Court overturned the law. It viewed the case as an issue between states’ rights and federal government rights, over who can set foreign policy. It ignored the issue of individual rights, the Constitution’s Bill of Rights, including the right to speak out against unethical government purchasing, and also to have one’s elected representatives do so as well.
I’m rather light-hearted about it, yes. And, it is quite serious. Many people are about to have their houses taken from them, not by high winds or floodwaters of New Orleans, but by their own investment choices. And then they will be in the rain. And they will complain and blame and some will call for rescue. All I am asking you is if you are willing to be ones of the ones in a position to help… at least to help a few of them.
His hands slowly drift down my body.
Happy Styling,
I developed this meal plan with our garden in mind. Right now, we're loving the fresh tomatoes, green beans, zucchini, cucumbers, lettuce, peppers, and radishes. Everyday there's something new that's ripe for the picking. It's been fun to try out new recipes with all of this "free" produce.
Weeks ago
There is an irony here as well. At the time of taking this course, I shared a home with all the qualities (okay, except the vaulted roof) in this pictorial with my still healthy dog and husband of nearly 30 years as you will see when I, one day soon, share those photos.
The Shelter of His Arms is an emotional read that will touch your heart. I felt for Lani and the choices she has made and the aftermath of those choices. I liked Chrispin and how was so tender with Lani. A wonderful novelette that was just the pick me up I needed! Another exceptional read from J. Adams.
jackie@frenchrivierapropertysearch.com
What else? Well, I’m going to my sister’s for the weekend which should be nice, minus, I hope, the anxiety. But again I will ask for Clonazepam to take in case I need it and there’s still quite a lot of Amaretto to be drunk (drank!?) on Friday night. It’s all planned out. Gotta let your hair down sometimes! I know that it’s not a good idea to drink so much with the meds, so I will keep to my limits and behave myself. I think.. Haha. Not really funny but what’s the point of living if you can’t have a little bit of a nice time now and again!?
He hasn't responded to the link I sent except to do what appears to be arrange his work schedule so that X is dropped off and picked up by him without any chance to do anything other than school, home, sleep, school, home, sleep.
You can put some into your bath water to soften skin, use it in the shower (but I find it to be too slippery to do that) Or y'all can be like moi and put it on damp skin after you shower or bathe. I love this stuff and don't go a day without it! Use lotion afterwards for extra moisture, but I live in a humid climate, so I have enough moisture! I prefer the unscented formula because I wear perfumes etc and I don't want them competing.
"Everywhere you look, wherever there is a crisis, Obama is not simply doing nothing. He's making things worse. America is about to plunge into unsustainable deficit spending? Obama got us started early with the stimulus package and the health care bill. Big states are being bankrupted by public employee unions? Obama wants to increase the unions' power. Not enough power plants? Obama wants to restrict them further. Iran is seeking nukes? Obama gave them a reprieve against a popular uprising. Karzai doubts America's resolve in Afghanistan? Obama wavers on our strategy and declares our intention to bug out, no matter how much disarray there is in our strategy and command.
So at the end of week 1, I have a completed flash story, a completed short story, an outlined story, and a chunk of something else. It's actually better than I thought it would be.
Anywho, a lint roller works pretty well to clean up, especially all the little pieces that got cut off the grass. My husband doesn’t allow me near the vacuum cleaner (oh darn!) because I manage to break a belt every time I vacuum, so I figured I needed another way to clean up. Plus, I can only imagine it would be quite a disaster to get all that grass stuck around the roller of our vacuum.
Be sure to choose a fabric that is fairly soft and drapes well or your pickups won't look very nice. My sample is sewn from baby wale corduroy purchased last week at Joann Fabrics. Perfect for fall weather!
The answers we give to those questions affect what characteristics and behaviors we expect from one another, what gender roles we ideally hold one another accountable to, and how we treat those whose experience of gender is different from our own.
Yuma County – Colorado River – Site of former Japanese detention camp (near proving grounds). This site was completely removed in 1990 according to some reports.
-”Please Amire.You know I won’t go unless you allow me to.”
The Emanation Pale Ale cuts the mustard as a mid strength (4.5%) session beer that is full of crisp, fruity hops, sweet maltiness and lingering dry bitterness that really was rather nice and very moreish. I would say that it's more a bitter than a pale ale but that doesn't really matter. It is still a lovely beer, whatever you call it.
Where the logging track turns abruptly left, I continue straight on, southwards along a wide grassy path, beneath bright sunshine through stands of young pine. Not quite at the stage of first thinning, they line up in green rows, like soldiers on parade, intermingled with a fifth column of seedling birch.
I had fun making the meal. I always enjoy a challenge and we even made Resurrection Rolls..they are always a big hit with everyone.
Many of these southern Bassin d'Arcachon constructions were positioned to enjoy strategic vantage points positioned high up on the dunes. Some are still there, in amongst the sand and sparse vegetation, while some have succombed to the constant movement of the landscape and tumbled 60 to 100 metres down to the beach. Others may have started out on the beach but, with the ocean gaining ground on the land, now lie out at sea at depths that can reach 25 metres.
i have choosen
Social Assistance
There is, however, another aspect to this. Many people do not actually want to know the unvarnished truth: they don’t want to “look a gift horse in the mouth” in case the spell is broken. They don’t want to know that something hideous is lurking behind the walls or that the structure is entirely devoid of foundations. They fall in love with their idea of it, and in their mind’s eye they already see it beautified and envisage their future life within. Few who commit to buying seem prepared to give up the dream of owning outright a property in the sun.
Friday, 17:00
Well, that's my two cents on that whole deal... thanks for bearing with me :)
he would do away with
This works great for NiMH batteries.They’ll retain 9/10 of a full charge while stored in the fridge.At room temperature,there is a possibility that they’d keep only a fraction of that fraction.Alkaline batteries are a bit more controversial.Studies have shown that alkaline battery life is extended by only 5% if kept in the fridge.That’s not a whole lot,but if you live in a hot climate,your batteries may actually deplete because of it,making the alkaline-battery-in-the-fridge idea a worthwhile one.If you live in Alaska,your batteries are probably all right sitting in a drawer in the pantry.
pretty much everyone he would meet.
A quick trip out to the glue-pot, a sample, my microscope on x400 and what do we get? Well, it’s looking good – many cells/spores and a few elongate/fibrous structures; pretty much exactly as in the rather better pictures above, and many others found on the Web.
nature loves itself
Career education planning is necessary and students can seek professional advice on career education from counselors of various career forums and programs. They can also take advice from their friends and family members who are able to easily ascertain their aptitude and interests.
Be patient.
But nothing about the National Broadband Plan white paper is about the best and most efficient use of the spectrum, or it would have addressed… receiver standards. When broadcasters were told to carry high-definition video in 6 MHz of bandwidth, it was impossible. Now they can do it in 2 MHz. Because of innovation. Innovation born of no choice, but innovation, nonetheless.
My head is well and truly spinning with the amount of stuff I still have to do. I have one more work shift to force myself through before I can truly put my mind to nothing but our vacation, but my head is a little ahead of the game. Yesterdays shift was tough, today is going to be near impossible. Thankfully we don’t leave until late afternoon tomorrow, so I will have time to get stuff done.
I had heard that Beads of Courage had found a supplier for their butterfly beads, which is true. However, I have found, through dialogues on Lampwork Etc., that when artisan butterfly beads are available, Beads of Courage does want to use and will use the artusan made beads, too. After learning this, I began to make butterflies again. Here's a sample of what I will be sending in with my next box of beads to Beads of Courage.
As much fun as not having to go to work is, it's a relief to not be frantically searching for a job anymore. Working part-time is pretty much the best of both worlds (with exception of the smaller paycheck).
King of Cool
* Link up Anything, as long as you think it is Artistic, creative and Fun!. it does NOT have to be a craft, although we love those too! You can share food, crafts, activities, shops, advice, inspiration, Fun discussion topics, and much much more ! Anything that used your brain to write and is Family Friendly!
Ingrown Toenails
Then Africa, then Asia, then South America . . .
I’m not great at making resolutions, but I do have a goal for 2012: I want to take every day as it comes and enjoy all that life has to offer.
NHK, TBS and TV Tokyo usually don’t disclose the ratings for their shows on a regular basis, therefore they won’t be included in the list below. Certain dramas or drama specials that aired on those channels and might lack ratings are still included with a ??.?% rating. This doesn’t mean that the ratings were too low to recorded.
BBC News - 8.4m
Apparently, a group in another town turned into a social gathering, and to change the focus, that group was cancelled for a month. Only two people returned after the meetings resumed, and the facilitators congratulated themselves on a job well done. But no one checked to see why the others didn’t come back. Perhaps, like me, they felt betrayed. A place that was supposed to be safe suddenly became dangerous. Sure, I could go back, but I’d never be able to open up again. I’d always be wondering if I was being judged, if I wasn’t going through grief fast enough to suit the facilitator, if I were depriving some other poor soul of a say, if I were being too social or too articulate. (Apparently, my ability to talk articulately about grief is a drawback. Though why, I don’t know. Just because I can put into words what others feel does not mean I’m not feeling grief myself.)
I am hearing... Leif clicking and clacking away at the computer. He's making a movie. The View. I haven't watched this show in a while. I don't think I've missed too much!
It is the smaller version.
For me, November is National Novel Writing Month and Nanowrimo with its challenge to write a 50,000 word novel in 30 days. I'm an avid reader, always have been. Give me a choice between watching tv and reading a book, I'll take reading any day. And of course, I've always thought it would be great fun to write my own story. So for the past two years, I've put aside both books and tv during the month of November to try and do just that.
Mom chuckled. “Those aren’t cats, honey. They’re leopards. Baby leopards.”
To accommodate my laziness and lack of patience...... I baked a 1/2 (stupid stupid me!) recipe pressed into a 8x8 pan lined with parchment, about 1/2 way thru I poked holes and cut the shortbread into 9 pieces.....that I must go hide from my honey because he just walked by and said "those are pretty good cookie thingies".... I will throw him off the trail with mediocre chocolate chip cookies...
A few recovered shows and fragments have come from Guys 'n' Dolls members, but apparently not on this occasion. Maybe they preferred the scaffolding staging of Supersonic.
Article 33: Before the copyright administrative management entity decides to impose relatively large fines or other administrative punishments requiring a hearing according to the provisions of laws or administrative regulations, it should notify the parties of the rights for requiring for a hearing.
A 'booky' dragon or perhaps a secret agent,
When they get more advanced, you'll want to go for better paper, but 140 pound is always fine for watercolor; it's just that another brand like Arches can be much nicer to work with. Arches is the best according to my mom who is an artist. I get to use the back of her old paintings!
Also in the pipeline for this unit are some bomb squigs and a boy with a Tankhamma. I simply can not say no to a weapon so undeniably brutal. I've gone with a slightly different approach though, as the simple "Rokkit on a Stick" seemed a bit too disposable. I went with an actual hammer design, that uses the rokkit as an impact charge to bring the hurt.
No matter how nice you are, would you really be able to keep your cool and continue to be a wonderful witch if all this was going on in your life? Or would you think about coming up with some creative hexes to put a few people in their place?
I may not always love you
My grandparent’s values gave rise to the largest middle class and the strongest economy that the world has ever known. Today, for most Americans, hard work has stopped paying off. Those at the very top grow wealthier from their investments.
Extra 120403:
Oh gee we make it so hot Girls generation we won’t stop
Nikolas awkwardly shook his hand and tried to retract it, but Lenny wouldn’t let go. “But you know my name,” he protested.
So worry not your soul, sweet cherub
I come in gratitude for the richness, the diversity, the great abundance of unique souls in this world. Thank you for the very complexity that distinguishes each one of us. May all people find those who will love and accept them, will value their distinctive beauty and spirits. May we each feel the presence of your transcending mystery, may we know that we are part of a process of life that is rooted in divine, emanating love, and may we feel the comfort of knowing that every one of us is cherished by God.
Although most of my strips for Rebellion have appeared in the Meg, I drew one cover for the Andy Diggle Tharg. Wished I'd done him a better job - maybe I'd of contributed more? Ah performance nerves...
snuggles with my biggest boy
1.one day i hope to live in a big city to get the feel of a busy life style.
Your office neighbors may have a negative reaction or be confused and may not have the resources to receive education or have someone to set expectations regarding this change. They may reach out to you or you may want to reach out to them in order to provide assistance. What you want to avoid is leaving your office neighbors without resources to allow them to be educated or be aware of the expectations. This can result in a negative response and even turn into harassment for your employee.
Here are the bags from what I bought:
i am learning i can bear quite a bit of pain before it really gets my attention,
Candy is open till the 14th Oct 2010. If you become a follower you will be first to know about more giveaways that I will be doing. This is open WORLDWIDE
What is the most recent book you've read that you absolutely loved?
Raimu Faisons un Rêve
I purchased my 1st batch of Lily of the Valley stamps this last week or so also that I cant wait to play with after I get them and some other new girls and some Easter stamps.
all we can really say is thank you.
I started my second All I Need is a TARDIS (Knit Picks Felici in the Time Traveler colorway) sock. It's great movie/tv/car knitting, as it's just around and around until I close the toe (and of course I'll need to add the waste yarn for the afterthought heel). I tried to get the stripes to match, but I believe it's 2 rows off. Oh well, that stuff doesn't bother me. :)
or Baby Girl's 5TH birthday...
Up yer fanny! (Or emmmm bumhole. Or whatever arrangement you've got going on 'down there')
Then again, it's a push poll. The question likely was meant to inflame opposition to the incumbent among less-affluent (and less-informed) members of her constituency.
Ooh La Frou Frou Collection cards:
May your Sunday be filled with doing the things that make you happy.
That, my darklings, is what second drafts are for.
This next book is one of those that grabbed my attention and immediately got me thinking of childish games and hidden faces...
With a silicone spatula, fold the whipped yolks into the meringue, and then fold in the dry ingredients. Spread the batter in the prepared sheet, and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the cake springs back when you gently press the palm of your hand on it. Remove the cake from the oven and let it cool in the baking sheet.
He doesn't chew on them or anything (at least not that I've seen) but this is still a gross new hobby. Kind of cute, but still gross.
Maybe it's because of my own sheltered suburban upbringing that, over the years, I've developed a certain fascination with the kind of art that dares to shed light on the darker sides of human nature—the sides in all of us that we may suppress in the interest of good taste and decorum, but which often simmer underneath the surface. Film noir, at its most potent, is all about drawing out those buried tensions and exploring them to the limits, and sometimes even exploding them altogether.
The delays didn’t take away from the action in the ring as 8 Count put together a fairly competitive card for the night. A raucous cheering section supported local fighters Dimar Ortuz, Adan Ortiz and Granados all night long while Marlon Smith learned that the easiest way to get heat from the crowd
Ryan felt torn between the words of the man he admired and the feelings in his own heart. To himself, he whispered “I hate him.”
playland pee pants
“They’ll go somewhere to get help. And if it works, they’ll be rewarded and they’ll go to a better place,” said David.
2010.08.07 Thailand Yala 1 0 Muslim terrorists kill an off-duty soldier on his motorcycle.
Call me a Romantic, but I believe it goes like that.
BAHASA TRANSLATION :
Willow fence, hopefully living.
Moreover as a public relations and mass communications graduate, I feel as though I fully contemplate the importance of credibility, honesty and transparency, which can be facilitated and help establish relationships with the individuals you interact with.
B.Y.O.B. (System Of A Down)- (Disturbed)- (Gorillaz)Paranoid (Black Sabbath)Sweet Child O’ Mine (Guns N’ Roses)One (Metallica)The Trooper (Iron Maiden)Painkiller (Judas Priest)- (Slayer)Holy Wars (Megadeth)Walk (Pantera)Paint It Black (The Rolling Stones)Killing In The Name (Rage Against The Machine)Crazy Train (Ozzy Osbourne)The Haunting (Kamelot)Pretty Fly (For A White Guy) (The Offspring)Freak On A Leash (KoRn)Schism (Tool)Come As You Are (Nirvana)Before I Forget (Slipknot)Du Hast (Rammstein) – (Drowning Pool)- (Dio)Are You Dead Yet? (Children Of Bodom)Smoke On The Water (Deep Purple)
Not much has happened garden wise since my last post. The chives are still going strong, the peas sprouted and are now about 2 inches high. The strawberries are flowering and have taken over another foot into the Roma tomato area. Everything in the inside seed trays looks pretty good, some of the little pepper plants have some yellowish leaves, but I hope to be able to pull them through till it’s time to plant them outside. The crocuses, daffs, and tulips that managed to hide from the squirrels have come and gone and half the front bed is being taken over by the exuberant bleeding heart bush. Next year I really should take pictures of everything as it comes and goes. The front bed kind of transforms throughout the growing season.
The Southampton Writers Conference, as it was long known, began in 1976 with just a few offerings in fiction, poetry and nonfiction. Over the three and a half decades since, it has gradually grown to include dozens of creative writing workshops across multiple mediums, and serving hundreds of participants annually.
1/4-1/2 cup whipping cream
THE OPERA GARNIER
That furthest right group of voters has never been all that friendly to Romney though. What has to be a greater sign of concern for him is that with those labeling themselves as only 'somewhat conservative' he still trails Perry 37-19 with Bachmann at 11% and Cain at 10%. When Romney's primary threat was Bachmann he was still winning this group of voters. But Perry seems to be filling a void for voters looking for someone more conservative than Romney and more credible than Bachmann and if he can sustain his lead with that segment of voters he's going to be tough to topple.
The bar staff are friendly, as are the majority of the diverse crowd but I would advise, as for most clubs, to keep your handbag or purse close to you and secure.
I, a peripatetic Northeastern expat living in the American Midwest, came across this recipe for chocolate-chocolate-chip cookies on a Canadian food blog. She had picked them up from an NYC food blog (or should I say the NYC food blog), who had in turn found them in a cookbook by a Francophile American, who had gotten them from a well-known Parisian chef who, apparently, came up with the original recipe. First published as Korova cookies, they are now more commonly known, at least in the food blogosphere, as World Peace Cookies for their purported ability to spread peace and harmony wherever they are baked and shared.
Copies of your Book despatched to the British Library & the other 5 Legal deposit Libraries
Now is
have enjoyed every minute of it.
While the right to a balanced and healthful ecology is to be found under the Declaration of Principles and State Policies and not under the Bill of Rights, it does not follow that it is less important than any of the civil and political rights enumerated in the latter. Such a right belongs to a different category of rights altogether for it concerns nothing less than self-preservation and self-perpetuation — aptly and fittingly stressed by the petitioners — the advancement of which may even be said to predate all governments and constitutions. As a matter of fact, these basic rights need not even be written in the Constitution for they are assumed to exist from the inception of humankind. If they are now explicitly mentioned in the fundamental charter, it is because of the well-founded fear of its framers that unless the rights to a balanced and healthful ecology and to health are mandated as state policies by the Constitution itself, thereby highlighting their continuing importance and imposing upon the state a solemn obligation to preserve the first and protect and advance the second, the day would not be too far when all else would be lost not only for the present generation, but also for those to come — generations which stand to inherit nothing but parched earth incapable of sustaining life.
I glance away, annoyed. “I guess I do care. Somewhat, you’re fair enough.”
I left the above ^ section about his personality the same from the last update because that hasn't really changed. Gabe is super easy-going and fun-loving. My MIL can't get enough of him and she thinks he is the best little baby boy and so well-behaved. He is super chill and just...fun! He knows his boundaries and is very obedient when he is told to stop. He is always trying to make people smile and laugh and is usually pretty successful!
The Course of the Battle
The comments that were made were about what the people saying them want for me, not at all about what I want for myself.
1st Prize - All FOUR New Stamp Sets
Sewers
Did you trick ot treat today? Halloween is not very big here in OZ but I did take my girls for a Trick or Treat around our cul-de-sac, as all the neighbours know each other. Here is a photo of my girls before we set off...
1 expressive
Since it often so offends you, we'll keep our history, our name and our flag.
NELSPRUIT: Anton Naude wounded by black attackers on his farm.
Visit Guardian Angel Publishing authors via their blogs as they celebrate Children's Book Week. Each stop includes special topics of discussion: teaching writing and grammar using children’s books, road to publication, professional critiques, educator guides, Skype and in-person author visits, what’s selling in children’s non-fiction, writing narrative non-fiction, interviews, book reviews, individual book information, and so much more.
there to
Hold’em Probablities + Test
Pokemon
The tide during a storm
Let awe and wonder stroke the flame of curiosity.
up all over the place and an industry comprised of mostly independent businesses is staring a recession in the face, raising a middle finger and shouting FUCK YOU! This isn’t because of one single brewery, beer or bar, this renaissance is down to us, the drinker, the end user. We’ve been buying these beers and shouting our love for them all over town, we are responsible for this and we should be proud of ourselves. The UK beer scene is only going to get bigger, ale of all kinds is going to continue to take market share away from other beverages and more breweries, bars, bottle shops and brewpubs are going to continue springing up all over the place. Hell, if I had the cash and
moves his delicate feet
‘Well I never.’ The woman hugs her knees, trying to hide her breasts the size of honeydews. ‘It’s Jenny. Herman must’ve chucked her out.’
To some people, sports are very important. They plan their lives around the different events, they name their children after players, and they bedeck their cars with stickers declaring their associations. I received road rage from a guy the other day with no less than 13 stickers supporting a single sports team on his car. Heated arguments aren’t uncommon when it comes to one team vs. another, specifically when it gets close to the end of the season and championship games are being played. I understand this identification with a team, or really an idea. The idea that you are somehow a part of the sports group that you root for is absurd, but you see people using the “royal we” all the time when it comes to any sports references. “We made it to the playoffs!” and “We’re going to beat you like a dusty oriental rug!” are examples. Humans, like it or not, identify with symbols. Sports provide not only these symbols but also a color, memorabilia, and chances to gather with others who support those symbols. For instance, the University of North Carolina, Duke University and North Carolina State University are all in the area where I live. This causes heated debates, discussions, and all around mischief. You rarely go for more than five minutes without seeing a team themed shirt, car license plate, or even dog collar. Even though I’ve never been to many other places, I’m positive this is true everywhere for different teams.
On the other hand, a new six-bedroom home with eight baths with tidal waterfront in the Belle Haven section of Greenwich, has not sold after 17 months on the market. In Mr. Pruner’s estimation, the current price of $16.7 million, though down from the original $17.9 million, is still “astronomical” given that the back of the 2.3-acre property is roughly 100 yards from Interstate 95.
Yesterday I'd written about the ugly finances underlying the all-but-empty Jack Harwell Detention Center in McLennan County, and it made me realize that right now there are quite a few jail and prison facilities out there - many owned by counties - that overbuilt banking on ever-growing inmate populations that haven't materialized and now appear unlikely.
Back to me being weird...Why wear uncomfy thick socks when I can just wear my low cut athletics that I love so dearly??
Pumpkin Spice Latte, while I still can!!
How is that possible you ask. Simple he is 17.
and then all over again.
Jimmy Cliff - The Harder They Come - 1972
Be back later (once I'm awake), hoping I'll have a picture of snackage and books.
The plan is the result of the first comprehensive review of the downtown since the 1970s, said Mayor Karen Farbridge.
And that's where we got cut off, never making it to Uncle Billy's. Not enough time on the bus schedule to make it there and then back north.
And that was the end of the crib.
Artist and author, Jackie Battenfield, has written a useful and well-organized guide to helping artists make a living doing what they love. Using step-by-step exercises, each chapter begins with a necessary stage in building a foundation for an art career then offers steps to put the ideas into practice.
The two had been fighting inside Ms Denmark’s mobile home, where she and Whaley lived for the past five years
Mirette Cocktail Dress is like poetry in motion….the way it flows with you, the way it shimmers with each step or turn…be “drop dead gorgeous” in Mirette. I love this dress and you will to!
- Bake sale
That’s why we love to read, those of us who do. And that must be why musicians love to write and perform. Its as if we are magically transported through the trekkies beam-me-up Scotty magic to another place and time. Sometimes that is just the perfect escape!
I went to the school to pick up my yearbook, and I saw all of my old teachers. I was so excited to see everyone, and it just hit me how hard college is going to be without them. I’m still going to keep in touch, because I’m so close with a few of them, but I won’t get to see them everyday. It’s going to be quite a change.
Nothing. Like the proverbial author who sits down to his typewriter and taps out the word “The”. And that’s all.
Nick Name: Piggy Chops
Nonetheless, I did a fair amount of work on Dunkin' and because I am quick-witted and know virtually every joke that's ever been uttered my brand of humor (such as it is) matched the tonality of Dunkin' Donuts in those days and I was welcomed into the fold.
So Raina and I (Monica lost interest because she just “couldn’t get into” Mike D) started our Beastie stakeouts, parking across the street and ducking any time a car drove by, hoping to catch a glimpse of Ad-Rock and MCA going in or out. One night we even bought eggs, in homage to “Egg Raid on Mojo” (from their punk rock EP Pollywog Stew) and “Egg Man” from Paul’s Boutique, and smashed them onto the sidewalk, our own in-joke calling
ISBN: 978-1592322916
This small bear with the package of an arrow wrapped around its body and resting on its back was also something she gave to me. This was given to me way back in the '70's and was given to me when I moved to Siskiyou County to be with Bill. The bear symbol represents protection and with a fetish spirit bundle on his back he comes with extra protection. Even then Mary knew I would need extra protection and provided me with this "just in case". It has remained in a safe and sacred place since then. And even though in all that time since it was gifted to me I have only moved a few times, each time these gifts were carefully wrapped and displayed again at the new location.
The characters in this are very believeable. I also liked the way that the main protagonist of this novel Katniss, is a strong female character, who doesn't pine over boys and is generally silly.
Should the applicant choose not to have a first action interview, a First Action Interview office action will be promptly issued and the applicant will have one month or 30 days, whichever is longer, to reply. If an interview is scheduled, the applicant must be prepared to discuss issues related to the patentability of the claims. In this interview, if the applicant and the examiner reach agreement on all claims in regards to patentability, a notice of allowance and fees due will be issued. If agreement is not reached on all claims in regards to patentability, the applicant will be given a First Action Interview office action setting forth any requirements, objections and rejections to which the applicant will be given one month or 30 days, whichever is longer, to reply, with limited extensions of time. It is this First Action Interview office action that is considered the first action on the merits in the application.
Without use to be had
For now, I’m concentrating on running and the occasional chin-up. While Ma & Pa were here I tried to kick things off with a gentle jog back from dropping the hire car off in Kings Cross. It’s a four to five K run if you go along the main road. But that’s a bit fumey. So I tried to find a more scenic route. 10K later I was back home to a very worried Sarah.
I hugged my arms against my body. Glancing toward the balcony showed that none of the windows were broken or open. It wasn’t because I was cold.
Let's just say that I've been looking forward to this class for a long time. I'm hoping Joe is still wearing his smiley-faced tie.
Talking of mean, I mean…why didn’t the photographer have the heart to tell me that grape really isn’t ‘my’ colour and that pouchy pockets on a blouse isn’t a great look on the well-endowed and that what I thought were nice jeans look like jodhpurs? And that skinny jeans really should be tucked into boots, not dragged over them. Men, huh?
I must add that today weather isnt helping. I mean I live in Ohio and its almost 60 degrees in December. Really how wonderful is that. I dont like the cold weather. I quess having many years of really cold weather will do that. I also know that we are going to have a wicked winter because of the weather patterns now. Trust me come Jan I will be mad and miserable because of the cold, but today I will take the weather and just run with it. I dont want to think about cold and snow but because of the weather it doesnt seem like christmas time. I am having a hard time with getting ready for christmas. If it wasnt for my kids I would just skip it. Just Kidding.
It isn’t any secret that I was a born in the 80's. I’m technically a Generation Y baby, and I’m embarrassed about the attitudes and behaviors of my generation. Some people assumed that I was given things like my house. Sorry, I bought my house when I was 21 by saving up all that I had earned as being a nanny. I could afford to invest in my hobbies because I worked many hours during my early years of graduate school. Now that I started my own business, I get emails and phone calls from people asking me how I did it. The short answer is, “I worked hard.” Fortunately, my doctorate is in social psychology so I had a knowledge base that translates easily into marketing and social media. But most importantly, I worked hard to build up my skill sets and to build relationships that now support my business.
2 Tablespoons sugar (I used Splenda)
Across the street from where we live is an empty plot of land. When we moved in, the land was barren; the usual desert natural landscape with a few desert shrubs and lots of tumbleweeds. Suddenly, there was activity with bulldozers, blades attached, merrily scraping the plot of land; leveling the surface. Right now there is silence, but, soon we will have a parade of construction workers, pouring, pounding and building.
She lives happily ever after with her new beau, three boys and one little Shih tzu named Peppy Le’Pew in NC. One day she plans to retire and sail along the east coast an adventurer to the end.
- Seeing is as important as doing, expanding your sensory awareness: touch, sight, smell, sound, seeing patterns, themes.
Sorry I haven't posted all weekend but I've been busy with the start up of my Master's Course. It looks exciting. I've already read two interesting chapters in my textbook. I'm going to have to work on my reading and writing skills along with my students. I know you'll have a thing or two to teach me.
My Husband Gerwin has chose a number between 1 and 10
Verse
He is fairly certain the Easter Bunny has beady red eyes and sharp teeth.
4 – 7 p.m. New Belgium Brewing Company, Sampling in the Beer
A few weeks ago we decided to try our hand at growing mushrooms. We bought a mushroom kit from the local nursery and set it up in the garage where it is dark and cool. We have tried it in the past with no success, but this time, we have had excellent results, having already harvested 30 or more mushies, with plenty more to come.
Just released from prison, Kyle Rhodes isn’t thrilled to be the star witness in a high-profile criminal case — but when Rylann comes knocking at his door, he finds she may be the one lawyer he can’t say no to. Still as gorgeous and sharp-tongued as ever, she lays down the law: she doesn’t mix business with pleasure. But Kyle won’t give up on something he wants — and what he wants is the one woman he’s never
So will you be joining on my little journey? I would love to hear about your experiences. I do increasingly believe in the power of this here little blog and this community who can support each other.
Ok, funny into going on. James Franco is a lot more attractive than Alec Baldwin that's for sure.
Laurie Shutt MacKeigan
Why bother getting impact sockets? Regular sockets can explode when you use them with an impact wrench, and you just may strip or round your bolts in the process. Firstly, regular sockets are not made to last the constant pounding that an impact wrench will give. Without getting too technical, regular sockets are made of a fairly brittle steel, and they have a tendency to fracture when used with an impact wrench.
15. Ménage á Trois - K-Ram / 3:46
We arrived at their house all kitted out in our gear. All of us wearing grey/black and sporting Batman symbols. Tahlia went all the way ... she dressed head to toe as Bat girl. Our car had officially become the Bat Mobile.
10:45 – 11:30 a.m.
Meanwhile Callie is working on a man who fell off a garbage truck during his work and his hand is severely damaged. She tells him that he might lose a couple of fingers when he becomes very upset. He digs through his bag to find his phone when he accidentally pulls out a tool. Callie freaks out, which is only natural since she’s giving him really bad news. Add to that the shooter Callie came face to face with and you got a solid reason to freak and she steps back. The man tells her it is not a weapon but he’s a wood-carver and he makes prints with the carved wood plates. He has a lot of downtime on his job so he takes his tools with him everywhere he goes. Callie is impressed with his skills and promises him that she’s an artist too and that she will do whatever it takes to save his hand. She does with a stack of hardware and says with lots and lots therapy she’s convinced he’ll be able to do what he always used to do.
You can argue its pure coincidence, but I think not. The old proverb “all good things come in threes” comes to mind when discussing this auspicious occurrence and Grimes latest album Visions, which was also released on January 31, 2012, proves my point. This dream pop damsel first came to my attention when she toured with one of my favorite singers Lykke Li last year. Recently, my awesome friend Amy reintroduced Grimes to me and I couldn’t be happier.
The tax hike would raise the tax millage rate from 18.266 to 18.631, Mary Lynne Kniley, director of finance for the district, said Tuesday evening.
The Rangers are 11-2, have a 4.5 game lead in the division and the best record in baseball. Where have we seen this story before? Texas might be even better than the last two seasons. That’s terrifying.
This is my dad's big old head at the Spice Market in Istanbul. That's his Turkey hat. Everyone thought he was Turkish. Luckily he speaks the language fairly well. Isn't Dad handsome?
Final image: Liz has moved in, she and Shaun both seem happy – and Shaun slips out back to play video games with zombie Ed.
~St. Francis of Assisi
Waist:
This is a project I have been tinkering with for quite a while. It's an old Harley Davidson shovel head. They get that name because the top of the valve rocker covers (on top of the cylinder heads) look like the back side of an old shovel.
about the "recipe" so I figured I'd just share!
When I was a student at Ohio Northern University, I lived on the west end of a large open space on campus. I could see the sunrise (or a moment or two after, because of buildings and trees in the distance). I once had a horrific dream where I saw the sun rise, on which was emblazoned a black swastika. In the midst of the Red menace when I went there, that would have seemed ridiculous; but it convinced me then that Fascism would be a greater threat to this country than Communism ever was.
I think he has time and time again shown distance from Israel, and that has created, in my view, a greater sense of aggression on the part of the Palestinians. I will stand with our friend, Israel.
There is no catch. No hidden fees. You won’t pay activation, reactivation or termination fees.
But all the pretty boys and girls at prAna, with their peace sign necklaces and fair trade hemp pants in earth tones, and the faint scent of patchouli, were marketing the “spring line.” Yeah. Just like Chanel and Rodarte and J. Crew, prAna has a spring collection.
The Design Team have some examples for you, please check out their blogs for more info, links on left hand side :-
I purchased some white fondant and colored some of it black and some of it pink ~ it's a good idea to wear some sort of glove (or, coating your hands with a little vegetable shortening will help too) while coloring your fondant or your hands may look like this (for most of the next day):
It started with some strange flickering and flashing across my visual screen. Then it worked its way up to bursts of static. All the while I kept trying to work, kept sending emails, kept trying to brush off the vertigo, dizziness and rising nausea. I didn’t have time to be sick. I thought I could just push through it like always.
kept me busy...
He is super-duper smart and talks so intellegently.
I was inspired all over again to confront the challenge of vegan baking after watching an episode of the Food Network’s Cupcake Wars , where Chef Chloe enchanted the judges with her all vegan cupcakes. Her ginger nutmeg spice cake with vanilla bean butter cream frosting and a date caramel drizzle, topped with a sweet almond tuille was deemed “extraordinary” and “perfect” by the judges.
- 'Add-In-Food's' Posts
Perfect angle for both playing and napping
In my new job, I get to write from my living room. I don't have a commute. I don't have other people annoying me with their quirky habits and strange bodily noises. I have ample time to exercise every morning and I can take a little longer getting ready if I want—all I need to do is set my laptop on the bathroom sink and it's like I'm right there in the office. If Mr. W sends me an IM asking me to put his laundry in the dryer or go find a bank statement for him, I can do it in a flash. I can sit next to my open sliding glass door and listen to the neighbor practicing piano. I can make myself smoothies after lunch. I can sing a song to my cat (although I probably would have done that at Yahoo! too). I can run to get my hair cut in the middle of the day. I can burp loudly whilst drinking my morning Dr. Pepper.
But look at it from another angle: how must the first set of locals have felt when they moved into the new estate and found a comfortable pub with soft furnishings, soft orange lighting and a lounge that looked out over a panoramic view of Halliwell’s ‘New Jerusalem’ and with the lights of the east side of Bolton twinkling in the distance. That isn’t a sarcastic comment. After a warm, dry house with a small patch out of grass out the front replacing damp Victorian terraces with outside loos, and (relatively) clean tarmac-laid streets instead of the cobbled setts the Spinners must have seemed like the icing on the cake, the tin hat, the final realisation that the long days of post-war austerity were finally behind them. Instead of beers from Magee’s and Walker’s they could drink a pint of keg Red Barrel that tasted the same every time and would never go off and was another facet of this modern world they suddenly found themselves in. Or they could head into the games room to the left of the entry for a game of darts or American pool.
I think they are pretty good don’t you think? I should also add here about blogging more. But you will get at least 1 blog a week from me, every Monday after 7pm (UK time) which is my new weigh in time. Infact you’ll get some more when it comes to F1 weekends. Because I’m sure I’ll have more opinions to express and get frustrated about over the remaining races!
writing quietly about their afterworld,
On Friday he told me I was 3.5-4 cm dilated and asked if I wanted him to strip my membranes. Because that only works if the baby and I are ready, I decided I was fine with that. He did it 2 or 3 times with Evelyn and nothing ever happened. I planned on seeing him back for my OB check the following Monday. Immediately I started having the lovely pinkish discharge. I had some cramping, but it was minimal- like early menstrual cramps. Saturday morning, I started to realize that my minimal cramping was coming at regular intervals. I never had any contractions with Evelyn until after the Pitocin, so I didn’t know what I was supposed to be expecting. Steve and I both remembered that I was told with Evelyn that contractions make your stomach hard- like your forehead. But these were just felt down low, below my big belly, and in my back, like a minor backache. No hard belly-tightening.
Good news: your PhD degree will earn you about 26% more than your bachelor's degree. Now the bad news: a Master's degree, which takes considerably less time will earn you about 23% more than a bachelor's will. The numbers here are simple: if the outcomes you are primarily concerned with are financial, the PhD doesn't seem to make sense (or cents) for people.
The latter part of your questions, branding Albanians as Islamists talks about the idea for “Satanisation” of the Albanian pro-Western politics. The Albanian politics has always been and will always be pro-Western. That is why the strategy for connecting Albanian politics to Islamic fundamentalism and radicalism has been triggered.
And as I look upon your delicate face,
Condemnation
China Glaze Instant Chemistry from the 2012 Magnetix collection
I didn't have this one. In fact, the last time I saw it, the four photos had been cut into mini cards by yours truly as an 11-year-old.
When Lincoln took the oath of office on March 4th, 1861, he was President of a divided nation. Seven states had already seceded from the Union, and formed the Confederate States of America. Although the Republican Party was against slavery, Lincoln was not for abolition at this time. In his inaugural address, he repeated his previous statements about his wish to only prevent the expansion of slavery to the new territories, and not to bother it in those places where it already existed. But he also promised he would defend the Constitution he was sworn to uphold, and that it was in the hands of the South, and not his, that the “momentous issue of civil war” existed. He would not start the war, unless the south started it first. But by the time of his second inaugural address four years later, he would have overseen the bloodiest conflict in American history.
Of course, if those precautions are taken, and actually work, and no damage is done, then everyone will cry that it was all a big fuss over nothing, like they always do. So the scientists can’t win, really. But that’s just how it is.
The other night I was tucking Zach in bed for the night. For the record, it had been 113 that day so it was pretty warm in our house. This is how the conversation went...
Nakamura (1964) claims the Chinese preference for concreteness may be related to their lack of consciousness of universals. The Chinese language has many different words used to denote subtle varieties of the same thing or action. The English word “carry” is differentiated into (in hand) ning; nik, (in the arms) pouh, (at two ends of the pole) daam, (on the back) me, mejyuh, (in the pocket) doih, doihjyuh, (on the head) ding, dingjyuh, (on the palm) tokjyuh, (on the shoulder) daam, (with the pole) tok, toih, (with both hands) bung, bungjyuh, (bulky things with more than one person) toih, in Chinese.
Brown ground meat in a large skillet. Follow seasoning mix instructions, and combine with meet. Add corn and cooked rice. Put in a 9 by 13 inch casserole dish. Prepare both Jiffy mixes and spread on top. Bake at 400 degrees for 20-25 min. Eat with 2 tbs of caso and for those not on WW, add grated cheese.
Sorry, mama!
Be nice or be nasty…….. Be happy or be lonely…….
And a crooked finger
I commit myself to prove to myself and others that human nature can be changed by changing myself into a being that is standing stable in every moment of breath and in all ways considers only what’s best for all life
Slice apples (I only did two apples) to make them look like french fries. Coat in cinnamon and sugar. Place sugared slices onto a pan, bake for 10 minutes. *make sure whatever you place the apples on has sides to it. The apples give a lot of liquid that will spill over the sides and make a lot of smoke. Yes..... I learned this from experience.....
So I’m using my little forum here to get this out. But before I do, I want to make an invitation: Michelle Obama – have lunch with me. I believe that you are a good person and that your intentions to improve kid’s health are good, and I don’t believe that you intend for the media to be too scared to publish pieces that are critical of you. I’m a champion athlete, a trained researcher, and a real live obese woman and I think that a good place to start is for us to have a conversation. Tell me where and when you’d like to have lunch and I’m buying. In the meantime, here’s the piece that the media was too scared to publish:
Almost Every night, violent vagrants are chasing each other with sticks, screaming and shouting and running into the road in front of oncoming traffic at night.
Meanwhile, I have no idea who else was in Celebration. The Interwebs describe them as a “studio band.” Not sure whether Brian played on the record, or simply appeared in the videos for promotional purposes.
When I got home I was sick in my bin. Whenever I hear this song a wave of nausea comes over me. As you were.
One thing I do love, though, is the mana regeneration mechanic. The concept of pausing to sip tea in mid-fight is just awesome, and totally suits the easy-going Pandaren.
- The Metro system is AMAZING. We rarely took taxi's unless 1) we were very dressed up and freezing, or 2) we were very lost.
After about 35 minutes I started to feel like something was happening. I wanted to get really excited, but I also wanted to rest too. It's a strange feeling, being up that late with those surge of emotions running through you. It's a surreal feeling. After an hour I decided that I would tell my boyfriend and mother (she was in town, waiting on the baby to arrive) that I may actually be going into labor soon. The birthing tub was in my 2½yr old's room and I needed that placed in the front room, as well as few other arrangements. Once those things were done, I told myself I would tell the midwives what was up, let them know I might be calling them back and then catch some shut eye!
'we are forever seeking the light'
It was interesting to note that both the parents in the film tonight had suffered at the hands of their parents - parents who had let them down. It was this that drove them so relentlessly - and ultimately unrealistically - to be the perfect parents, living the perfect family life, for their boys. And it was ironically this which led to the collapse of the castle in the clouds which they had built for themselves. There was much to reflect on in this sad, sad tale where a young man was still struggling to come to terms with the isolation he feels as a result of that one horrific day when his world and all his preconceptions of family life and relationships, of love, trust and respect, crashed around his feet.
Jackson was born August 29, 1958, in Gary, Indiana, to an African-American working-class family. His father, Joseph Jackson, had been a guitarist but had put aside his musical aspirations to provide for his family as a crane operator. Believing his sons had talent, he molded them into a musical group in the early 1960s. At first, the Jackson Family performers consisted of Michael’s older brothers Tito, Jermaine, and Jackie. Michael joined his siblings when he was five, and emerged as the group’s lead vocalist. He showed remarkable range and depth for such a young performer, impressing audiences with his ability to convey complex emotions. Older brother Marlon also became a member of the group, which evolved into the The Jackson5.
Starting a "House Church" on site.
Enjoying the moment? Not so much.
I wanted to make something nice, so I went to one of my favorite Cricut cartridges 'Art Nouveau'. I have to admit it took some time and some wasted paper (don't worry I recycle) to get this finished. I tried a few different colours before I got to this; though I am still not pleased with the dark green but I didn't have much to choose from. I embossed the background with the Cuddlebug. This was a must as she bought it for me for Christmas. It's like wearing the sweater your grandma got you when you visit her. I really like how this turned out and I hope you do too.
“Now this,” Connar shouted with mad glee, “this, is a story!”
I wonder if wild birds are just on holiday all the time or whether they have a job to do? I’ve never seen a bird with a camera strapped to it’s neck or pulling a heavy suitcase… so I assume they all have a job to do…
.....he learned to train a dog
A few pictures of the Buddha statue that I was able to snap during the brief moments that the rain stopped... It was such a beautiful place, I only wish the rain came happened.... I guess it was just not meant to be.
any Mod Podge onto the photo, lining them up evenly with the foam board
2-3 sprigs fresh thyme
2. You See A Broken Heart
I feel utterly unable to make a decision about a pile of things that range in importance from "extremely" to "not at all." So in no particular order, here they are:
Two notes before we get there. First, I’m pleased to report that I was able to talk Viva Editions, the publisher of Apocalypse Not, into offering a winter solstice present to readers of The Archdruid Report. (Yes, one of the benefits of Druidry is that you get your holiday presents a few days early.) From now until January 1, if you go to the Viva Editions website, buy a copy of Apocalypse Not, and type the code APOCNOT25 on the order form where it asks for coupon codes and the like, you’ll get a 25% discount off the cover price. A happy solstice, or whatever else you celebrate at this time of year, to all!
And just an example, three of us we're sitting in the front hallway with the station speakers playing in the background when a song had just ended. It when really quiet for a few seconds, that's bad since it's our job to make sure that there is never more than 10 seconds of dead air playing at any time. After about 15 seconds we were about to get up and see what was wrong in the DJ booth when we heard birds coming out of the speakers, then monkeys, then a lion and back to birds. After about a minute of this, African music started playing and I mean like someone had just came off the boat and starting playing on the street for tips kind of stuff. As of now we're a rock station (mixed with a bit of techno if we have a DJ who wants to do a show on it), this is the last thing that should be on the night list if in a list at all.
Face Graphic is like the Character Graphic tab. Here you do the same thing – choose which Face Graphic you would like to represent your character. Face Graphics are used to identify characters in your party. They can also be used to liven up dialogue in-game.
WHERE: Grand County Administration Building, 308 Byers Ave., Hot Sulphur Springs, CO 80451
Mother of the bride asked how the rain affected the harp. I told her it wouldn't affect the harp because I don't play outside in the rain. (So says the handy performance contract.) She said they would have to scrounge up a boom box then, because the kids were determined the wedding would be at the park and not inside at the gorgeous reception location.
My friend's husband, meanwhile, has managed to get from the ICU to home in three days! The bleeding on his brain stopped on Thursday and by Friday the blood was re-absorping and the swelling in his face was going down. He could open his eyes and the opthamologist determined that he would not lose his eyes. While he will have at least one surgery, after the swelling is gone, we are all blessed by his quick turn around. We feel optimistic and he feels well enough to watch basketball and talk about going fishing!
Hope every one is well
Levon's vocals have always been some of the most soulful ever cut to tape, and his drumming epitomizes southern funkiness. He will be missed, but the music and his spirit will live on forever. (I stand corrected- I initially posted Levon is the lead singer on this track, but it's actually Richard Manuel. Levon is driving the song with that incredible drumming)
This, of course, is not at all what he is saying. His only assertion of substance is that ignorant people, or people under popular pressure, may apply the law improperly. He neither states nor implies that there is anything improper or unreasonable about the punishments themselves, only that they must be applied with deep knowledge and understanding of what the shari’ah requires.
What is the basis of knowledge?
Our menu is modern English and European. We do a lot of pasta and vegetarian dishes, so it’s not all straight-down-the-line English pub food. The average spend per head here is between £25 and £30 for two courses and a glass of wine.
Just as important to me is the packaging issue. It drives me nuts to see all my food wrapped in plastic. Plastic that will just end up in garbage island one day (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Pacific_Garbage_Patch)... The worst is the supermarket meat, with its Styrofoam tray, plastic wrap and most repulsive absorbent pad that lines the tray. The meat I buy from my neighbor - or the meat you can buy at your farmer's market - is neatly wrapped in a brown wax paper, which will rapidly biodegrade in one way or another. Styrofoam egg trays? Foods wrapped in plastic, then plastic again and again? Would you like a plastic bag with that?
So this has given me the energy to get off my rear and kick things into motion. I am even now writing up my recap and impressions of the episode, and will acquire the appropriate screencaps to go along with the review. Look for it sometime tonight or tomorrow. More than likely tomorrow. LATE tomorrow.
Skully was struggling to breath at this point, shaking and pawing his head, gagging and his eyes reflected his fear. Poor little guy! He was also snapping his teeth, tryin' to dislodge the jerky.
“Hunter’s Inn” was the place’s name and its appearance was warmly inviting.
I think there is something to taking one’s time and reflecting when writing stories.. I know that when I write–I take my time.. at least before I start writing. I require a lot of thought before writing.. a lot of organization and processing.. and rushing this does not ever help things.. but then once I do start writing–it comes out pretty fast. Is this rushing? Overall, it may just depend on the process one uses to write….
A plaque was added to the bicycle rack memorial to Mike. It’s a sweet place to see, when it’s full with a variety of bikes.
Who can catch pox from toilet seats:
2 pound cake slices
The Who - Sell Out - 1967
booming mistral, more tesselated than
“I know I was close to death in Kurdistan when the young boy shot me in the arm; I still bear the physical scar.
Anyway, what you gonna do about it?"
Either way, this represents a remarkable feat of engineering. At least Bin Laden got the human touch. This latest requires the identification, targeting and assassination of a carload of human beings from a position hundreds and perhaps thousands of miles beyond the boundaries of the state in which the car motors along. This is trial, conviction and execution by remote control.
Nobody told Kirby to lie down & die, so he didn’t. Kirby is living his nature, which is to have fun and be a chick magnet for every girl walking by, including my 5yr old daughter. Joy is all this dog knows; he is beautiful in all his glory. This little dog is truly the meaning of the underdog; he is "Grace in action.”
The movie made 235 million dollars worldwide and 45 million in rentals. On a 16 million dollar budget. This thing was a giant freaking hit.
109 would
PERSONALITY PLUS
Since this is the first Beer Week in Cincinnati, I thought I should get in on the fun. This weekend I'll be participating in the Hoperatives 5B: Believers in Better Beer, Bites and Blogging Conference leading up to the final night of the Cincinnati Beer Fest.
“It was good to see you up close again, old man.” The sound of his voice wavers against the other noise filling these streets. By concentrating some more, I hear him more clearly. “That reporter’s disguise of yours isn’t entirely a disguise anymore, is it? The skintight suit isn’t quite as flattering as it used to be, and there are a couple of wrinkles that weren’t there before. You’re not running as hot as you used to, are you?”
d. Coldplay
At March 31, 2012 global ETP assets stood at US$1.7 trillion, having added US$67 billion in net new assets in the first quarter, a 57% leap compared to new assets in the first quarter of 2011. The level of new Canadian assets was up 30% compared to the 2011 first quarter, with total ETP assets now standing at $58 billion.
You get gorgeous, you shave where you are supposed to.
The novels are suspense, first and last. They aren't boy-meets-girl, or will-they, won't-they. The romance in the stories grows out of the characters' lives. So it's deep, sometimes risky, and worth fighting for. As it is for all of us.
Writing is something I feel I must do. It is the only thing I feel I “must” do. I trust that it is by design of some great positive energy beyond me because, no matter what, I always wind up writing about it.
On the first day back, it took all my effort to attempt not to cry constantly. I succeeded in the not constantly part. The drive to work was difficult. It was so final. My baby is gone so I have to go back to work. This, of course, made me cry. I tried to only let myself cry a little though; I didn't want to set precedence for the rest of the day. Yeah, totally didn't work. I cried on the walk to my desk. Just being in the building, walking by people I hadn't seen in a month was enough to overwhelm me. I also cried at my desk. I came back on the first Wednesday of the month, which is when we have lab meetings. I skipped it. I decided there was no way I could be around everyone my first day back. Instead, I went down to my mom's office to talk. I told her how difficult it was being back and how I was afraid everyone would ignore me, which would make being back so much worse. She said she had told people and was sure they wouldn't ignore me. I was hopeful but knew, under certain situations, the same person will almost always act the same.
But the honeymoon is over.
Krik, Krak by Edwidge Danticat: I discovered this collection of short stories during one of my Undergrad courses that I considered crucial to the development of my adult self. Krik, Krak is striking. One of the most well written collections I've ever read! Beautiful tales of Haitian life, dealing with trauma, love, and self discovery. It really caused me to understand the beauty of being a woman of color, and the beauty of talent in our communities.
Anyhow the music on this split 7 inch are two bands that I have posted about prior. The Insurgent play anthemic pop punk with a emo flair that is one part Crimpshrine and one part Rites of Spring. The one song that The Insurgent contributes may be my favorite song of theirs. And on the flip side Sometimes Walking Sometimes Running played chaotic, noisy hardcore screamo that was like City of Caterpillar, Pg.99, etc.
Perhaps I'll do my own little "purdy" tree in my bedroom...teehee!
But in its submission regarding the CPO, Croydon Council said the arena was vital to regenerating Croydon and changing its image as a 'concrete jungle'. Jon Rouse, chief executive of Croydon Council, said in his evidence: ‘We all want it to happen because we know that it will have a profoundly positive impact on the prospects of this town.
It was an absolutely lovely day! On the way home we stopped in the town of Canmore (the first town heading into the mountains along the Trans-Canada, or in our case, the last town before heading home) for a walk around and a small shopping break. I wouldn't be so pushy to mention this, but Mr. Confessions found a wonderful treasure for me at an antique shop. Now, since it's dark and the lighting is bad, you will have to wait until daylight when I can take some proper pictures....
'We demonstrate for the first time a robust association between cultural values of individualism–collectivism and the serotonin transporter gene,' said Joan Chiao, from the department of psychology at Northwestern University.
add 1 bag of spinach and cook until wilts
the official website promotes its overnight accommodation services for horses that are just passing through, one of the main selling points being the racecourse’s location within easy reach of the Rocade, the Bordeaux motorway ring-road. A stable with hay bedding will cost €20 per night, or you can splash out on wood shavings for €30. So plenty to ponder there if you are passing through Bordeaux with a
I believe the inspiration from her is only beginning.
Bulerias A Lebrija/Amparo Bermudez
The wife sarcastically laughed. “We used to have 37 fly swatters in this house and now I have no idea where any of them are! I think you and your son secretly eat them when I’m not home!”
The December Holidays are right around the corner and we are definitely in the spirit here at First Grade and Fancy Free. We've added two new items to our teachers pay teachers store.
The morning is just perfect in its early mist clearing to give a perfect sunny day sort of way. It starts with porridge and a stiff climb for us and the legs are not happy at all.
-Davis 113
My sparkle
Drinking and driving is bad. Drinking and walking home shouldn't be a crime. Drinking more than 4 beers in a bar shouldn't be a crime. Going to a local festival and having a few beers shouldn't be a crime. But we have to realize, we live in one of the notches in the Bible Belt. And the Religious Right are not as quick to "Judge Not Lest Ye Be Judged" as Jesus was. They'd rather tuck a Bible under their arm, hop on a soapbox and denounce the actions of others. This isn't the end. It's just a pause.
Falling from the sky, wetting the orange soils, these rains are cleansing. This earth and its movements, its forces, churn ceaselessly, driving change and bringing relief from the previous season.
Well, time to eat some breakfast and get ready for my run. 8 miles today and in the 70+ degree weather!! This is insane!! We are getting May weather in March. LOVE IT!!! Hope you have a wonderful day :D
Tilly
But it was late at night already and didn't have time to bake a whole new cake, so instead I just cut out the main part of Hello Kitty's face with the majority of the cake, and then with the scraps I cut out the shape of the ears and bow. Then I fit them into the mold, hoping the mousse that would go on top would end up holding the cake in place.
Well done, lovely card!! Drop Kath a little email and she'll arrange for your prize to be sent to you and feel free to grab our winners blinkie from the sidebar!
tents are fun.
Anyway, the main purpose of this post is to tell you about some fabulous blog candy that Hels Sheridan is offering over on her blog to celebrate passing 800 followers. I don't often advertise blog candy but Hels' blog is one of my favourites because as well as being one talented lady she's also very funny and reading her posts always brightens my day. Do drop by and see what you have to do to be in with a chance of winning this lovely booty. Just click on the pic in my sidebar to be transported to her lovely blog.
chip With regards to the processor, the actual Universe S2 is about pure energy. The dual-core one 2ghz Bande A9 processor chip the actual Universe S2 operate in blazingly great speeds, however the LG ELECTRONICS Nitro HIGH DEFINITION is actually subsequent carefully using its dual-core one five Gigahertz Scorpion processor chip, which provides the actual LG ELECTRONICS cell phone a few fireplace in order to warm up your competitors.
Commercial production of food and goods
Step 2 - Keeping the end of the wire that you just secured firmly in place, push the ribbon towards the secured end so that the ribbon gathers. (That seems like the single most complicated way to describe something very simple but I just can't find the "easy" words.)
The fish were specifically 'caught' for Mr. Manpants. But this deliciously-cheesy cracker made us all happy.
I can't get another husband.
The Tigellans lived underneath the surface of the Tigella due to the dangerous plant life on the planet. Their society is split into two classes. The Savants were the logical scientists of the Tigellans who ran the planet and wanted to study the Dodecahedron. The Dions were the religious Tigellans who worshipped Ti the Dodecahedron which is believed to be a holy object.
The thread is Lizbeth Christmas size 20. I already know I don't like this colorway but I tried one more time. It's time to find a new home for it but that will have to wait until after the holidays.
“Doesn’t seem like a dream,” she remarked to herself pointedly.
The type of agreement selected will determine who or what will own the life insurance. Buy-sell agreements also can be set up to allow the business owners to accumulate funds in a tax-deferred permanent life insurance policy. But selecting the proper agreement and determining whether the owners or some other entity should own the life insurance policies becomes more complicated. This article explains how to simplify the process and meet each business owner’s objectives.
.imelda's shoes
We spent a couple of hours at the museum, and learned that Hugo was Not Human. I have read Les Miserables (the whole thing, every single word, even the boring-to-me battles) and Hunchback (or, Notre Dame de Paris, to be accurate) and Toilers of the Sea, and already knew that he was a writing genius. But did you know he was well-versed in math and physics…
It has been a very difficult summer. When I started this blog I was just trying to keep a journal for myself to help me remember the things I had been doing. One of the medications I take really effects my memory and getting older just adds to that. It was also effecting my cognitive functioning so that writing was very difficult. Since my poor memory and cognitive functioning was making me depressed I decided to reduce and then stop that medication. This was not a good idea. (This seems to be a lesson many folks with bipolar have to learn over and over.) I think things would not have been too bad but I was hit with a string of separate events that had me worrying for the lives of both of my sons and my father. A few other difficult, but minor by comparison, losses and troubles added to the burden and I cracked a bit. Except for the lessons learned through these trials I would rather not remember much of what happened since I last wrote.
I have attended both festivals as a member of the paying public and later covered them in my capacity as arts and entertainment reporter for ¡Exito! and Hoy; but now, after working from the inside, I have a deeper appreciation not only of the hard work that goes into producing both events but of their unique roles in the promotion of independent and foreign language, and most specifically Latin American, cinema in this country. Especially at a time when the number of movie theaters abandoning 35mm projection in favor of digital projection is on the rise and the number of theaters dedicated to this type of adventurous cinema continues its regrettable decline. I strongly believe that, when it comes to Iberoamerican cinema, both festivals complement each other.
Mr. Speyer, VP-head of strategy at Wing, a Hispanic marketing agency owned by Grey Advertising, feels his experience isn’t uncommon. Mention a brand in a status update and watch it appear as a page you might “like.” Facebook enables marketers to reach huge population swaths or a segment of fewer than 50 profiles—about 0.000008% of Facebook users. All planners have to do is toggle through a list of demographic and behavioral variables and watch the pie slice get thinner.
We often post about brands we admire, many you have heard of. This next one could be the exception — unless you’re in the film/video industry, that is. Among these folks, the mention of a RED camera brings any discussion to a different level. Here’s why.
Insurance: Works will be insured while on gallery premises. Insurance covers theft, vandalism, damage caused by gallery patrons or staff (in accordance with insurance policy). PLEASE NOTE: Insurance does not cover damage caused during shipping due to any reason, including mishandling by carrier or failure of packaging to protect works in transit. Also not covered is damage caused to work by failure of the work itself, its mounting systems installed by the artist, or disintegration/degradation due to the nature/quality of materials or craftsmanship.
I cannot begin to express how unamused I am by this turn of events. There is nothing wrong with my son and if he'd stopped sucking his damned thumb 2 weeks ago the show would have been on the road and he'd be here right now. No one thought to do an ultrasound then though. They're giving him one more week to give up the thumb in utero and then forcing him out whether he wants to or not.
That’s really the most boggling part….. No one saw it coming or knows why it happened.
Translation of enclosed Yiddish letter indicated in red ink. (from passport application, December 1920.)
Look up
and flyers for pizza and men
Let love lead us. Love is Christmas.
rug for kitchen
In each case, the information delivered to the patient (in both cases friends of mine) was entirely correct. The problem was not in the decision making, the outcome, the skill, accuracy or dedication of the professional discussing their case, but in the way it was discussed.
earn 2x $5 +up
Down to the Rose and Thistle
As I waited in a rather grand reception room as my father attended his meeting, my eyes were increasingly drawn to a beautiful young woman sitting at the big polished desk. I don’t remember what she was wearing, just that I was very impressed with her beauty and poise.
Who loves CBS Sunday morning? Whenever I’m home visiting my parents, we sit in the sunny living room, drinking coffee while watching this show. Usually the stories are interesting and we cannot tear ourselves away. Yesterday’s edition was all about the Presidents and the White House, and it was fascinating. Here is some of my new presidential knowledge, thanks to CBS.
Souvenir-Book appreciations are typically written by friends and long-time associates of a con’s Guests of Honor and usually focus on the GoH’s personal and professional biography. Since I have had the pleasure of meeting Carol Emswhiller personally only once, I will focus instead on my many years’ relationship with a single aspect of the person who is Carol Emshwiller, viz., that mysterious presence readers sense lurking within or perhaps behind the texts of her stories and novels, a presence generally known as the "author." This relationship between a single reader and the particular presence of an author, although seemingly abstract and impersonal, is in practice a deeply intimate one. It is also an extremely privileged relationship, since only a relatively few authors’ texts create a sense of that mysterious, very particular presence with which readers so delight in engaging. I recognized and engaged with that presence the first time I read a Carol Emswhiller story, a presence that so intrigued and teased and dialogued with me that the author went at once onto what I call my "magic" list of must-buy authors whose work I’m always on the lookout for.
Finally, another post! Yeah! But it’s also a sad one. Boo hoo. I will just keep it laced with humor to keep from sobbing my eyes out. Again.
The wooden birdhouse came from Michaels. First I base coated the birdhouse with acrylic paint - pink for the roof, green for the base, and white for the walls - and then I traced the parts of the birdhouse to make patterns for cutting the patterned paper. The scallops on the roof were a little harder than I thought they'd be, since each side and each row was slightly different. I used Mod Podge to adhere the papers to the wooden birdhouse and then coated the entire project with Mod Podge as a sealer.
Cliff Walk will be published on May 22, but both hardcover and Kindle editions are available for advance orders here.
Here is a view of the inside looking out of the front doors. All that teal colour around the doors and windows will be painted out in black. After the installation of the floor, I will call the painters. Once they start, I will share with you the colours that will provide our background and let me tell you, this was not an easy decision!
“I can’t make those cute decorations on Pinterest.”
Paper Trimmer
When I get up, I usually feel this urgency to grab pen and paper and get the thoughts written before I lose them. This morning was one of those days. I walked into the kitchen, poured myself a cup a coffee, poured my spouse a cup of coffee and said, “Don’t say anything to me.” He just smiled and nodded. He knew immediately what I would do next.
No questions will be asked of those who surrender their black jelly beans to BJBRS. I would rather you give them a loving end than cast them off to the bottom of the waste basket or damage their delicate psyches with hurtful words.
to sorrows and death – He had the honesty and the courage to take His own medicine.
You want for nothing. You even have a cool jacket with an Air Force One patch on it. Congratulations. Perhaps you might consider giving it to the kids, who are going to need to “go shopping for winter coats” in March.
Just click on this page to get a larger view to copy and paste to your computer.
You can e-mail this information to refund@boulevard.com or mail it to “Imperial Stout Refund, Boulevard Brewing Company, 2501 Southwest Boulevard, Kansas City, MO 64108.” You should expect a check within 2-4 weeks of your submission.
Now, I know not everyone likes wild colors, but I'm pretty sure every polish princess (definitely the ones that I know) loves GLITTER! A hot new trend this spring has been the prismatic effect. Wet n Wild and China Glaze hopped on this trend; however, these colors went fast. I was fortunate enough to snag the reasonably priced/elusive Wet n Wild versions for Andi and myself and skipped over buying the pricier (although VERY pretty) China Glaze versions. I would highly recommend both.
SYLVIA- "What happened?"
Hard to believe it was his only Oscar.
Have you ever suppressed a gag when meeting someone for the first time?
Thankfully, the reveal of Waterfield as a time traveler is addressed quite early in the episode. And through quick thinking and deception, Waterfield is able to knock out and bring The Doctor and Jamie back to 1866 with him. They both awake in a Victorian manor with severe headaches. The Doctor soon meets Theodore Maxtible, who claims responsibility for the abduction. We also learn that Waterfield and Maxtible are at the mercy of The Daleks, and that Waterfield’s daughter Victoria is being held prisoner to ensure cooperation. We then cut to a scene in which we see Victoria being menaced by a Dalek who chastises her for not eating enough.
10/20/2011 SELL 0.01 gbpchf 1.42603 10/20/2011 1.40925 +18.76
Shooting will take place for a month, and Julia-Levy promised to have a teaser within about six weeks and to release the film well before the December date on which the Mayan calendar cycle ends.
After the victim ends a relationship with a psychopath, this behavior is likely to escalate into downright stalking. This happens for the reasons I have explained in previous articles:
This is very basic. The concern with most professionals at work nowadays is they take their break more than what they are allowed to. For example, they know that there is only one unpaid 1-hour meal break and two 15-minute miscellaneous breaks (depending on what industry you work in or the culture or practice/s the company got used to or promotes to its employees) but they take a break every now and then. Think about it. What they could have done or accomplished during the time that they were still supposed to be working or serving the company was/were wasted in spending time with unnecessary breaks frequently. I know, at this point, you may want to ask me. “So, are you saying that we are not allowed to leave our work station in special cases in which we have to wash our face or smoke our lungs out to shake sleepiness away or maybe to take it easy for some moments just to breathe in fresh air to socialize at work? Or, to have a temporary escape from all the pressure of work?
I could stay awake
Sleuth (1972) as Milo Tindle (Second Academy Nominaiton for Best Actor)
Car Sharing
And in its place I regained my full self-determinism and clarity of mind to effectively be able to postulate the future. Gone were the accumulated evaluations and invalidations received as part and parcel of every interaction with the church. And in its place I found a peace and inner happiness that evidently is native in me. Gone were the multitude of instances in which I had to choose to either “go up the Bridge to OT” or agree to something I knew was a basic violation of my own integrity.
Replies came in thick and fast. As I began to compare them it became apparent that they followed no discernible pattern. For some, it is memories as opposed to words , and in particularly a smash and grab mid-week 1-0 win over Hedge-End Rangers back in xxx 2007. In truth I was not fully prepared for the broad and contradictory tapestry of loyalty, waterlogged. One opted for Barrie Becheley’s iconic moustache. Others found it too complex to put into words.
2. Create something new - no back-linking
Has brought me to His voice
In cool, out warm…in cool, out warm.
As you have gathered, my academically dessicated brother and I do not get on…. it was ever thus. He is, however, to me…. an amuse bouche, and I do like to poke the odd academic occasionally, if you forgive the expression (in the circumstances) - so I like to draw him in when opportunity allows. I suspect that Kealey was having a laugh – but even I would not have ventured into that territory. It is quite possible that my fellow blogger Geeklawyer would have been happy to do so – but I must not encourage him any further in his ‘depravity’ – Geeklawyer’s that is, not the VC’s!
marriage, (fornication) and against God’s will (disobedience) is what I call an illegal soul
Actually there is none.... Just some college band I played in... maybe I'm just experience that period now!!!
ANGELA: Yes, but there grandfather is also helping out right now.
This is the most random bunch of blog entries ever. Really. I do apologize. I will even apologize for apologizing, as is the way I usually seem to go. The Canadian in me, I think. We aren’t doing much for this weekend, my parental unit is coming down next weekend though for foodstuffs and so that I can be an awkward host because I really have no idea how to act or what to entertain people with then they are over. I just sort of…point out the cat and the laser pointer and that usually takes care of it.
Nah. I just branched out in certain other directions for a creative outlet. That, and the day job has REALLY been cutting into my time to write. And I also needed to break with my damned Farmville addiction. It used to be a fun time waster but now it's such a pain in the ass that it's like having a second full time job. There are probably real farmers who spend less time and aggravation on real farms than I've been spending on the 4 farms I operate in Farmville.
Show respect for the dead. All of the dead. Even the ones you didn’t know.
I would like to go to a zoo. An aquarium. Horse farms, where I can learn more about horses.
boxer...we chose the colors together. i spared all y'all the various colors swatches that were painted on the walls, but know, we have at least 20 in the garage!
You can also download and read eBooks on your desktop computer, but it is nice to be mobil once in a while………. for a small fee you do have email, but who wants to be interrupted, while lost in a wonderful book?
- You have to be home before midnight.
Sierra Nevada Celebration
When we were there last year, the enclosure for a Jaguar exhibit was under construction, and we were very pleased to catch a look at this awesome cat, and hear him cough! LOUD! Donald and I thought he was trying to bring up a hairball - we know that sound, even it is so much quieter with our little cat.
Agnetha Faltskog - One Way Love (1985). Although this track from her second solo album conspicuously failed to bother the chart scorers over here, it sounds rather good to me, and certainly deserved better. She may well be singing over the top of a backing track here but who cares? It's Agnetha off of ABBA!
And, time to go.
Hugging the rock wall, we followed the path back to the top as quickly as that path would allow. By this time, we could feel our skin starting to tingle from the electrically charged air. Once we were safely ensconced in the car, we sat in silence and watched as, all across the distant mesa, deep pink lightning flashed again and again and again, against the darkening sky.
The new amendment was jointly introduced by Councilmember Jim Graham, Chairman of the Human Services Committee, and Councilmember Michael Brown, Chairman of the Housing and Workforce Development.
He is pleading with the court to grant him bail because
“Having a starting point for inspiration is always a fun experiment, helping develop and explore my concept and work into a new realm,” says Lara.
and his mouth made words like I’m-so-proud-of-you.
Ah, sci fi. It does warn us to exercise extra care, and get it right. And watch out for crazies.
See every man in forced labor
Climate changes are everywhere, demonstrating our interconnection with one another and our interdependence on the same earth for existence. It does seem that there are vast differences in opinions as to what has caused all these changes but I have always believed that those who confess to know our loving Creator, The God of the Bible, should be the most concerned about our environment and the most willing to take care of it. After all, the earth is His gift to us and as He created, He saw that it was good and very, very good! So as for me?! I Declare Every Day is Earth Day!
I was hoping to spend today the only "day" I have nothing planned beside boring chores to catch up on my blog and to upload and look at all sorts of fun pictures from our busy weekend and the big monster bash!
Eyes: E31, E35
In our new summary of Chris Brogan and Julien Smith’s Trust Agents: Using the Web to Build Influence, Improve Reputation and Earn Trust, the authors repeatedly emphasize the need for companies to be more human toward their online customers. While yelling at one another is certainly a human action, it’s probably not what Brogan and Smith had in mind. In fact, this situation is a perfect example of how trust gets broken online. It also demonstrates the exponential power of one poor customer service interaction. The actions of Evergreen’s VP toward one customer now have 4,300 people lining up online to take their own shots at the company. You can only imagine how much the VP wishes he’d never hit “Send” on his rage-fueled e-mail.
2) Chicago White Sox (14-17) J. Peavy (3-1, 1.99) @ Cleveland Indians (17-12) J. Gomez (2-1, 2.82), 6:05 pm
At the time I was recovering from a chest infection, and suffering from lack of sleep brought on by having an eight-week-old baby yelling all over the shop, so I have no idea if I made any sense at all. If you've listened to it and I didn't, why not shout at me about it in the comments section?
So one day I make a trip to Independence Center. We're not talking Bannister Mall here, so I'm not as security conscious as I should have been. I leave my dad's lighter, a pack of Marlboro lights with maybe 3 cigarettes in the box sitting in the cup holder of my jeep. I didn't lock the jeep.
Let me finish by saying that I, Negatron am NOT a bandwagon fan! I’ve been a fan since 2000. Back when they had Lamar Odom, Darius Miles, Quinten Richardson, Olowakandi, Correy Maggette, and Eric Piatkowski. Oh and let’s not forget that back stabber Elton Brand.
1. Read good books of all kinds, but mostly fantasy, and primarily Diana Wynne Jones when in that category.
I fancy myself to be a pretty good cook, always spending a lot of time in the kitchen, reading recipe books, cooking new things... Well that was before I had kids. For the last three years, I have cooked what I know, quick, easy, home-cooked meals, with limited experimentation.
>10%: According to the U.S. State Department’s “Trafficking in Persons” report for 2004, the fraction of all “human trafficking victims” who were “enslaved” in Japanese hostess clubs (see also “800,000” and “80,000” above).
(Hey, we didn't get that nice included poster!)
Before we go into the details of the subject let us first clarify what we mean by the terms “general” (aam) and “absolute” (mutlaq). When a verse is described as “general” it means that it covers everything related to the subject. “Absolute” means that the verse is not limited in a particular aspect of the subject in question. If a verse is general, another verse (or evidence from Sunnah) is required to make it specific (khass) otherwise it must remain as general. Similarly if the verse is absolute another evidence is required to “limit” (muqayad) it, otherwise it to remains absolute.
“VANCOUVER – A booming gas extraction process that has environmentalists all shaken up is being probed by two different studies to determine if it’s also causing the depths of Canada to rattle and roll.
Their diagnosis was surprisingly similar to the one accepted by stress researchers: Life delivers stress in very complicated ways and is inescapable. Memory stores deep impressions, and the body responds to these memories as strongly as it does to the original stressor. We can easily insert “karma” in the slots where the word “stress” appears. But here the world’s wisdom traditions sharply diverge from modern medicine by saying flatly that suffering is inescapable as long as karma exists.
Waste Land, which is playing in November and December in theaters across the United States, is a series of vignettes about the pickers who become the subjects of Muniz’s photographs. We meet Tiaõ, the leader of the Association for the Pickers of Jardim Gramacho (ACAMJG), who becomes one of the protagonists of the film. We meet Isis, Irma, Suelem, and Magna. We meet an elderly gentleman, Valter, who is compelling not only for his pithy philosophy, but for his comfort with his status as a picker and his fundamental belief in the value of his life. Then there is Zumbi, who dreams of building a library of discarded books.
5. Danny Zella & His Zell Rocks - Wicked Ruby
If I were like her;
Messrs. Obama and Karzai both wanted to sign the agreement in Afghanistan before the North Atlantic Treaty Organization summit in Chicago this month, the officials said.
11 down
I first came across this garden when I interviewed the owner, the renowned Australian interior designer Stuart Rattle, for the Sydney Morning Herald and Age newspaper's Sunday magazine. It was for story on city professionals who had moved to the countryside. He told me that when he first set eyes on the old dilapidated school house that would later become his home (above), it gave him something of an architectural shock. "I was expecting Howard's End," he confessed with a laugh, "but this looked like the World's End". But then he returned at twilight and in that shimmering golden light, the old house made his heart skip a beat. "I no longer saw the reality," he said, "but the fantasy."
What I do, every day I write, is all because of Michael Jackson. If MJ hadn't been there to fire my interest, to show me a path that could be taken, I'd still be a librarian. I might be happy with that, but I wouldn't have had the fun, the late nights with great people, the satisfaction of a well-written piece or the satisfaction of opening someone's eyes to a great beer, if not for Michael Jackson.
Or will the country face 90 days of chaos and confusion as citizens fight for fuel?
Two nights later, on New Year’s Eve, my daughter, my sister and I had a cocktail the Carousel Bar, where you can literally feel the room spinning every fifteen minutes.
The end result: I did some serious digging on this story, but I found no updates. There have been statements from Phil's lawyers saying that an investigation is warranted because there’s a “shakedown” present, but I've had no updates beyond an interview Phillip did saying that he wasn't gay. Sure you aren't.
The huge cylinder lifted off! Higher and higher it went trailing flames as the bailout money was consumed by the ravening afterburners! The leaders cheered from their bunkers. The bankers cheered as they stood on their magically-increasing piles
2) they want 100% success with 0% risk
President Barack Obama last night took his victory lap marking the first anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul amid elaborate secrecy to deliver a live televised address.
“Five ampere would do it. To excite the particles, reinvigorate the tissue, reawaken cellular intelligence.”
“Where is Thumbkin, where is Thumbkin? Here I am!”
Alas, tomorrow the work week begins after two weeks off. I'll miss having so much time with my family.
Three steps are presented in Andy Stanley’s excellent book Visioneering, using Nehemiah as a model for handling criticism. We go back to these steps in times of rejection and criticism.
How does SodaStream work? It’s simple! You fill up the plastic bottle with tap water up to the FILL LINE. Then you thread the bottle onto the machine and press until you hear it buzz. By pressing the button, you are carbonating the water. This was my daughter Rose's favorite part! The average fizz takes 3 buzzes. Unthread the bottle and add your favorite tasting syrup. Our first flavor we tried was the lemon-lime flavor (aka Sprite).
Well, never mind that everybody and their grandmother is on Pinterest now (I'm serious. I know grandmothers on Pinterest) but "pinning" has become as much of a household word as "Facebooking" someone or "Googling" something. Aaaand apparently the selective period is over since I recently got a shitload of hate comments on one of my pins. Seriously, who does that? Pinterest began as such a grown-up place to get ideas on pimping your house and making your own make-up from scratch, and all of a sudden people look at a before-and-after pic of a chick (not me!) who lost weight and got ridic in shape and are like "Sorry, I don't think that's possible." Wha? I just wanted to pin it for inspiration. Now I have 35 comments of people basically arguing whether it's possible or not and 400something repins (all of which were getting emailed to me when repinned.) Get off my pin, people!
There could be no grosser misconception of the realities than is entertained by those who vociferously demand legislation as they call it "against discrimination". The discrimination and the deprivation, the sense of alarm and of resentment, lies not with the immigrant population but with those among whom they have come and are still coming.
Next, pour your almond mixture into the bag. Enlist a friend or loved one to help you secure the bag while you pour!
If you recognize any of the above symptoms in yourself or others, get help. You deserve it. Together we are strong. Perhaps it is time to start a blogging community dedicated to the plight of sleepbloggers. We admit we are powerless over our addiction to blogging and we turn ourselves over to our higher power.
To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall!
The food table included a white lego man border that was the backing for another project that I will show you tomorrow. I just taped them in line to the table cover. I also took some DUPLO lego blocks (the larger ones) and holders for the silverware and napkins. One of the foods on the menu were sub sandwiches, that I displayed the cardboard tray (to the left) that I wrapped in solid blue wrapping paper and then covered with the 'lego' logos that I saved from my son's boxes of lego's that he got for Christmas and Easter.
Before, boring old coat closet again:
Next, there is also activity that transpires that is of a sexual or lovemaking action. There is no action that a human being can engage in that is more “God like” than the act of creating a new life. Although each time there is a sexual act, the creation of a new child does not occur, it is still the act that is symbolic of creation, and it puts you in the position of being better able to understand what it means to use your “Godness and Goddessness,” if you will, and to create life, within you. By doing this the charkas generate an abundance of creative energy which can in turn be used for any purpose that one sees fit. It can be utilized to work with art, with creating music, or some other creative activity. It is very important to realize that creative energy is the most powerful human energy that exists, meaning that it is truly an energy that is cosmic in its nature. Every atom that exists, and every particle that makes up the atoms, has within it an innate “knowing” of how to create, of the need to create, for creation is the generating of energy and this energy is the force that drives one’s life on all levels. And so, your body, mind, and consciousness, thus your psyche, is generating creative power at all times. If you do not have an outlet or purpose for using that energy, then it will begin to build up within the various energy centers and eventually will reach a point where the body can generate no more. There is no room for it or the body has nowhere to store that energy and thus causes the energy generated within to cease. That energy that has built up will eventually dissipate. Thus, having a creative outlet is so very important for the purpose of utilizing your creative power in a constructive manner. There is a thin line between constructive energy and destructive energy. Actually, there is no difference in the energies, but there is difference in the intent for which the energy is used. Intent motivates. If your intent is positive, then the use of the energy will be positive and constructive. But if your intent is negative, which means totally self-serving, then the energy will be used destructively. This happens often when a person is angry and spits out their venom that directs what would have been constructive energy in a destructive manner. Energy never misses it target. If you think ill of another person, then that person will receive those thoughts in a very subtle, often unconscious way. In fact, we would say that they rarely manifest on the conscious level of the one receiving the thought. Rather, they influence or manifest on the unconscious level. Things can happen as a result. The person can feel depressed, or a sense of despair or, in severe cases, a sense of hopelessness and even self-destruction. And so it is so very important to know that thoughts carry a great deal of power, and the greatest of these powers is creative power.
Brrrrr - am sure even with wet suits the North Sea is cold in February - also we don't get the waves here for surfing - mad people!!
He forgave everyone else on this planet of their sins against me. Really.
Sauteed green beans
I have an episode of ‘Southland’ airing in March. I start shooting a movie with a director friend in late April, and after that I don’t know, that’s one of the perks of being actor, not knowing too far into the future.
brush tops of chicken breasts with smoke mix using a silicon basting brush
OK, I’ve calmed down now. Luckily it’s not only passed, but I also didn’t wake up during the night with anxiety which usually happens when I have anxiety the night before. Wow, it totally knocked me out. I slept all evening and then was up until 1am, took my meds and was knocked out by 1.30am. I’m pretty sure that I didn’t wake up during the night whatsoever. If that is true, then it’s unbelievable! That hasn’t happened to me in many months. I had a really good nights sleep. Something worked.
we keep out of
The characters are well formed and believeable. I could identify with a few of the characters, they reminded me of people I know in real life. However, in the case of Topaz, there is a unique quality to her.
This was a wonderful pattern. It was beautifully charted and all instructions were very clear. Wendy included a stitch count after each major section finished. This shawl is designed to start from the bottom by casting on the highest number of stitches and decreases to the top. It was a very enjoyable knit!
Óli: guitar, handclaps, cowbell and a drumkick
Closely related to this point is the principle that the implicit must be interpreted by the explicit, rather than the explicit interpreted by the implicit. This particular rule of interpretation is violated constantly.
“My son and wife are very angry, embarrassed walking with me on the road,” he said. “People call me a joker, a cartoon, mad.”
*I promised Ava that I wouldn’t take videos or share pictures of her pre/post surgery. The surgeon did a great job, scarring will be minimal.
Paul professed to all his listeners that he belonged to God. He had experienced a change of ownership. He had recognised that the purpose of the cross was to purchase a lost human race from the bondage of evil. No one could do it but Jesus Christ. Hear these words from Romans 8:2-3.
While putting him down in his crib right before he went to sleep as Ferber recommends would definitely involve a crying jag of unknown length, we would be checking on him and reassuring him at gradually increasing intervals. This was not just letting him "cry it out."
Costs of printing * £ 3.72 £ 8.02
That being said, the GOSA report is true and factual. And quite powerful. The truth is that we knew there was very damning evidence and that the statistics were sound, even if this particular type of erasure analysis is a relatively blunt instrument. When the report was initially presented, it was obvious that GOSA had not thought through providing district’s guidance or standards for investigation. It stands to reason, as well, that they were so pleased with themselves that they had identified this black-eye for APS (and for Dougherty County/Albany) schools, that they hadn’t thought about what doing an investigation into 58 schools would really take.
However, I don’t want you guys to be bored by my depressed feelings over laying in bed for days and feeling like I’ve been gangraped by a tribe of 829320 Indians. I do want to be really honest here without being included in a worldwide sympathy organisation for sick people. This last week has been – by far – the most horrible week of my life. Thank you very much.
Glossy Accent
“Harold, the cats do that.”
Ira Papageorgiou, Hellenic Open University, Athens, Greece: Educational activities in campaign organisations: Promoting migrants’ socio-political involvement through language education
This week has been very fulfilling. The kids and I accomplished a lot and had some fun while we were at it! I am linking with Sue over at The Homeschool Chick for the weekly Homeschool Mother's Journal Post. If you haven't already, hop on over to participate.
To this moment
Sour Kraut was the proper name and it had to be done just right. Mama made sure of that even if it took the whole day and all night.
Questioning my integrity and worth -
Jordan lost that case but chinese company search engine Baidu won a suit against a condom manufacturer for using the baidu name on its condoms.
Rewarded for launching 50 red fireworks = 1 Anniversary Token.
With that being said, I am finally able to show you some of the fabulous quilts from my trip to Montana earlier in the month. I am going to set it up similarly to the Stampede Parade photos so you can have your own little walk through the park with your cup of tea and the quilts. The majority of the festivities are in the Historic Village in the town of Eureka. You can click on any image to enlarge it for a better view. So, without further ado, here they are! A gallery of quilts...
Flats - I'll rotate between flats and sneakers during the event. Always, always bring a different pair of shoes for each day of any conference. Your feet will thank you.
From the video’s description:
Watching Dark Shadows I felt firmly that it was more a Burton fantasy than a legitimate adaptation of Dan Curtis’s beloved series. Here, we get an allusion to Martin Landau’s Bela Lugosi (from Ed Wood) in Barnabas’s hypnosis-by-hand. We also get the outsider attempting to build a family for himself while facing the scorn of the community (Edward Scissorhands). We get the tragic back story of a child, like we saw in Sleepy Hollow (1999). And like Beetlejuice, the supernatural world is portrayed here as half-crazed and half-frightening.
I am jittery and pissy and totally on edge.
I'm not even sure politics would count. The now Prime Minister (as at the moment of writing, possibly at the time you're reading) is 50 on September 29.
Next up: Emma's dance recital.
On March 16, Sgt. Mark Gottlieb and Inv. Ben Himan conducted a field interview with the accuser. Gottlieb asserted that he took no contemporaneous notes; months later, he produced a “straight-from-memory” typed report. Both Himan and Gottlieb brought from this interview the accuser’s claim that she was attacked by three people. But they recorded radically different descriptions—almost as if they hadn’t attended the same field interview.
“And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, did the Chaldees break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon.” - – (II. Kings 25:13)
I could laugh without coughing my brains out for the first time in years.
But hey, I'm imperfect, so are you!
My dad used to call me on Max's birthday and wish me a Happy father's day because that is the day I became a father. He would wish Lauren a Happy Mother's day for the same reason.
and many Noahs too,
On Wednesday, the world’s second-biggest burger chain pledged that all of its eggs and pork will come from cage-free chickens and pigs by 2017, hoping to satisfy rising consumer demand for humanely produced fare and increase its sales in the process.
Tubal Abortion Abdominal Pregnancy
15 OBSESSION (Giorgio Moroder) 4'52
Seau was a guy whose career I followed, even rooting for the Patriots a little so he might finally get that Super Bowl ring. I wish 1994 had ended with a Chargers Championship and Seau playing out the rest of his career with them. But what we want and what happens are many times two different things. He was a major part of my growing up with football and I’m saddened his life ended in such a way.
Slip N’ Slide was one of those disappointing toys, wasn’t it? The commercial was full of guitar solos and people having an absolute blast. In reality, you were lucky if you even made it all the way to the end without veering to the side, touching the grass and/or pavement, and doing a horrifyingly painful backwards somersault. I guess toys like that set us up for being disappointed by a lot of things in life in general as adults. Oh shit, remember Pogo Ball? How were those asshole kids getting so much air in those commercials? Again, guitar solos, turntable sounds, jump kicks, sideways or backwards hats and flying happy ninja children. I’ll tell you, my brothers and I barely got the thing off of the ground, let alone got three or four feet of air. Picture trying to jump with THE PLANET SATURN between your ankles and you get a bit of the idea.
Though this recipe is fairly filling for one person you can easily double or triple the recipe. If you're using pancake mix pay attention to the quantities given on the box and simply grate enough zucchini and onion that it seems like you have at least half of each. I like the sweetness that a generic pancake mix gives these pancakes but for a healthier option try making the mix from scratch.
MAIN EVENT- TAG TEAM #1 CONTENDER’S MATCH
- she has amazing eyes. they started out blue and recently, they can't decide what they want to be. there's a small amount of brown, a lot of blue, and sometimes they are green. when the light hits them, they literally sparkle. our girls were blessed with sparkly eyes. the thing that makes her eyes unique is her lashes. extremely long and DARK. the girl will never have to wear mascara if she doesn't feel like it. she definitely got her daddy's lashes and I'm grateful one of our girls were blessed with them. we get comments & stopped by strangers on a daily basis about her eyes. I'm hoping emerie won't get some sort of complex, because Tim & I think her eyes are incredible, too.
Aware of the failures of the Pakistani authorities to convict Saeed, US agencies seemed to have checked and cross-checked the authenticity of the evidence they had collected on him before the State Department announced, on April 2nd, its reward for his arrest. This was nothing less than an implied declaration of Washington’s lack of confidence in the executive and judicial organs of Pakistan.
Not so long ago I was invited to spend a day in a secondary school since one of my stories, 'Compass and Torch', is included in the AQA GCSE exam syllabus. This is a psychological story about a relationship: it features a moment on a camping trip taken by a father and young son estranged by divorce, and deals with the emotional tensions between them, and at the end suggests a prognosis for their future relationship. It's chiefly a story of repressed emotion, symbolised by the watching wild ponies ignored by a father and son intent on the practicalities and the tensions between them. The story ends thus, as the father and son bed down for the night:
Will the people of Egypt has a better government if their current President stand down?
Thanks to comments and suggestions I have been trying to drink iced water instead of water at room temperature.
Please be seated at least 15 minutes before the start of the function.
From the support of my educators, titles by my name, awards I’ve received and praise that I’ve heard: I thought I was successful. I thought I was happy. I thought I was a positive person. I thought I loved myself. I thought that I loved my life.
My Dad’s just ordered a replacement treadmill – the one I broke had lasted 17 years apparently, so wasn’t too much a decision to order a successor from the same company – which is now en route – hoorah! Hopefully home training will resume soon – I have managed one swim and lots of baby weight training in the meantime, though.
I'm can't make a bow.
With Let’s Spend the Night Together, the viewer gets exactly what he or she would expect: a filmed concert. The “story” of this concert is told through the various editing of clips from two separate concerts, as well as a few behind-the-scenes clips. The two concerts in question are from Sun Devil Stadium in Phoenix, Arizona, and the Brendan Byrne Arena in Meadowlands, New Jersey. Most of the film is watching Mick Jagger get crazy on stage, dancing his heart away. There are only a few clips that show the band backstage, before they perform, which is disappointing because these are the most interesting of the clips in the film, and help break the monotony of just watching Jagger and the rest of the band. For hardcore Stones fans, watching Jagger kick around the stage for an hour and a half will be a blast, but for casual audiences, Let’s Spend the Night Together can get boring quickly.
What should we do instead of praise. ? To answer this we must revisit our parenting goals. We want our kids to be self directed and act in an autonomous way, self assess and evaluate the impact they have on others and the environment, find meaning and enjoyment in what they are doing, focus more on the process and less on achievement, focus on their feelings – the intrinsic reward rather than achievement and pleasing others. We also want them to be supportive of others and not to manipulate them with praise to get what they want or show approval to others who jump through their hoops.
In East New York at the junction of Broadway and Jamaica Plank Road stood an inn, alternately referred to in old Eagle articles and elsewhere as Howard House, the Howard Halfway House or the Howard Inn (pictured above). It was owned by generation after generation of the Howard family, a brood of British lineage, and was an ongoing establishment into the 1920s.
2) the entrance to the Reformation Museum; and
Sprinkle chopped coriander leaves on top and serve hot with steamed rice.
I'm glad some people have met their soul-mate. It must be so hard to loose them if they should die. But what if the relationship was hard like in my case? I have met others who had a hard time when their partner was dying as the cancer changed their personality such as in liver cancer. Yes I found that to be the case, although my husband suffered a brain tumor & not liver cancer. But my doctor said it wouldn't have effected his personality. However I had had problems for years with him. I had always blamed the steroids he was taking for colitis as he had seemed a reasonable person until then.
Are you starting to wish Ray Shero had caved and given Sarge the third-year on his contract in 2010? I sure am. Hell, I would trade Sarge for Paul Martin straight-up today, except Sarge is busy scoring goals for the Senators, calming down Power Play partner Erik Karlsson, and helping his team attempt to upset the Rangers; you know, the types of things he used to do for the Penguins.
Overall I really enjoyed reading this. I do hate having such mixed feelings about a book, but I think it was still for the better. I like that it was just two books and the story was so enclosed and tight.
I hope to get the ceiling in the kitchen tomorrow, and maybe the upper cabinets. We’ll see.
In Frey and Liese have known each other for a long time. He is faithful, supportive and tolerant (which I know might be annoying to some). He knows Liese like the back of his hand, and so does Liese. Frey has managed to hid his love for Liese for years, believing she was happy with her boyfriend, and later on husband. And the only time he reveals his love is when she is no longer attached to anyone. As his best friend and someone he cares deeply for, all he wants to do is heal her of whatever hurting she is going through. Once the best friend (beta) gets his girl and they decide to take their friendship to the lovers level, everything changes, and marks the beginning of a challenging relationship.
I got to see all three of my beautiful nieces in one day. (the 382 mile drive was totally worth it-- and yay for my 15 year old car- she did it on one tank!)
1 package Pamela’s simple bites gluten-free extreme chocolate mini cookies
NYC Council Member Letitia James
The reality in all this is that we are fighting a war with an ideology, a religion that believes in lying and deceit to achieve it’s goals. And our president has done much to hide or disguise that fact. All references to “radical Islam” Muslim terrorists, and anything else that identifies violent acts as being motivated by the Islamic religious belief has been ordered purged from all official government communication. Meantime the Obama administration is funneling not just millions but billions of dollars into the hands of these radicals through all kinds of back doors and under many guises.
Thousands of people would have surely been killed by now.
Life is just not like that.
Soup Dragons I’m free UK
That have impelled me to explore thy volume!
Dallas County has now exonerated 32 people since 2001, most of them during Watkins’ tenure. Most of the cases, including Monday’s, involved faulty eyewitness identifications.
But when lots of people are already now talking about a bubble, what will they do in two or three years from now?
DK: It identifies the audience and opportunities for our clients and puts numbers against them. The CMR effectively becomes a template for a multiplatform sales pitch and a key tool in the selling of advertising around a brand and audience, as opposed to simply selling a single platform.
(Jamie is feeling my abs.)
Your vote matters. If you don’t vote, start. If you do vote, spend more time thinking about your vote than you spend researching your fantasy football team, or picking your brackets in basketball tournaments, or watching reality T.V. shows. Your vote gives someone the power to represent you, to alter laws for you, and sooner or later the actions of the people who represent you will affect your everyday life. You should spend a little more time listening to people who are actually involved and believe that what they do matters. Spend more time listening to the people who are involved, than listening to the people who are just sitting by and complaining.
This is a time when you can and must release all things from the past so that you can move forward in My will and purposes. Cut the ties that bind or keep you bound through disappointment and failure. Keep your focus on the eternal now, and stay ever present with Me, says the Lord. I am doing a mighty liberating work in your hearts and minds. You would do well to cooperate with this work and set your sights on freedom.
Leafing-the-Green is a two year writer in residence project focused on The-Green-Townscape-Heritage-Initiative (THI) area of Aberdeen. It is funded by Creative Scotland’s Partners programme and the THI. The project reaches its conclusion in October 2012 and part of the planned legacy is the installation of a plaque trail through the area using the writer’s work.
Alternatively, you can manually generate a new Client Login token now and replace the one currently in use. ClientLogin can be used with any application that can make an HTTPS POST request. The POST request should be structured as a form post with the default encoding application/x-www-form-urlencoded, like this:
Little did I realise, when I retired from my job back in August 2008, that two years later I'd be kitted out in knee breeches, bells, baldric and rop (that's what they call the spotted neckerchief, apparently), stepping out with Long Man Morris at various venues throughout East Sussex and beyond. And I have to admit, dear bloggy friend, that I find morris dancing curiously addictive. Only yesterday I was dancing Much Wilmington in a freezing car park in Polegate, and next week we'll be in Eastbourne and Alfriston (a pretty little village, and in Hailsham a week after that. So, why, when others are sprawled in front of their TVs, drinking wine and eating chocolate, do I put myself through what is to all intents and purposes a special forces style workout every week? Apart from the sheer enjoyment of the dancing (frustrating though it can be when I can't get the steps right), the motivation is acquisition of The Hat.
Jo Yoonseok may be the most interesting man in Korean indie scene. Not only is he a gifted singer/songwriter, he has a doctorate in chemistry. Although Lucid Fall’s style may be a little too calm for TV, Jo’s former band Misoni (<U+BBF8><U+C120><U+C774>) had plenty of interesting and dynamic numbers. It will also be an interesting test for the show itself: can the audience tolerate a string of very calm and sensitive songs?
“Conservatives have figured out their moral basis, and you see it on Wall Street. It includes: the primacy of self-interest. Individual responsibility, but not social responsibility. Hierarchical authority based on wealth or other forms of power. A moral hierarchy of who is “deserving,” defined by success.” [George lakoff, Framing Memo for OWS]
We shall rise from the dead: we shall be there in body as well as spirit. These very bodies will stand upon the earth at the latter day: when Christ shall come and the trumpet shall sound his people shall rise at the first resurrection, and the wicked shall rise also, and in their flesh shall they see God. Let me think of all that I have done then in the light of that. There will be present every man who has ever lived on earth. How shall I like to have all my doings published there? My very thoughts —how shall I feel when they are read aloud; what I whispered in the ear in the closet—how shall I like to have that proclaimed with sound of trumpet!
This book spoke to me. I have never been diagnosed with depression but so many of the things that she was saying I could relate too. I was also understanding for the first time how my sister's mind works. (She was diagnosed with bi-polar some years ago)
will satisfy me.
When I came home the house was immaculate. Carissa and a friend had cleaned it from top to bottom. She'd also done all of her washing, fed and groomed the cats, enjoyed a home cooked flat head dinner and rearranged and de-cluttered her room. And she said "You should go away more often. I completed three essays and read a bunch" and that made me feel both proud and not missed. What can I say? We raise our children to live without us. Mine is doing just fine at the moment and she's almost 17.
2. Back Stage (Meyes, Fredriksz) 5:53
Rama! Of Course!
People visiting the wilderness in mountain should avoid contact with wild animals, especially if they’re sick or dead, avoid camping by animal burrows, and treat pets for fleas or leave them at home.
Anyway, long and short of it is that the "Temperance Movement" was not about temperance at all but about total abstinence. And this movement finally had its way with the enactment of full-blown Prohibition in this country in 1919. One effect of this was to devastate the vast network of local Wisconsin breweries.
This dazzling flowering shrub or tree, relatively new to gardeners and flower enthusiasts, has already won its fair share of awards and praises, including the 2007 Plant of the Year Award at the National Tropical Plant Industry Exhibition in Florida. It’s an extraordinarily beautiful addition to almost any landscape design growing 5-6 feet tall as a shrub and up to 15 feet as a tree. Although technically not an evergreen, it provides year-round dark green foliage resembling a fiddle or a spoon, depending on your imagination.
Anyway...race morning. Kelsey got all glammed up in her finest race wear and we met up with her mom (who walked the half marathon as well!).
Another common complaint I heard from the audience, clichés. That was probably the word I heard most from the crew that sat behind me. Yes, they used A LOT of horror clichés and references to other horror films throughout the course, but I think they worked really well. Besides that, the whole scream franchise is pretty much based on the satire of clichés in the first place. This combined with the comedic tone was just perfect. There are a lot of one liners that I know me and my crew will be quoting for weeks at least.
I am gratefule for the bits of fabric that make up her bird mobile, and the way that mobile gently spins in the flow of air from her vent.
I've been really bad at staying on top of this blog, so I'm trying to catch up with this larger post. Below are compilations of sketches from the past few months and SketchCrawls:
Stumbling to the front of the class where my teacher sits (pretending not to troll Facebook) I ask him if it’s too late to take the test, and he stands up and starts screaming at me that I have failed the class and am to leave, then proceeds to push me out of the 80th story window. Now I know what you’re thinking, how unrealistic is that? 80th story, no school has that kind of airspace.
On his colourful liner notes to Dojo Cuts’ new album Take From Me, Russ Dewbury (of Jazz Rooms fame) calls the band the “undisputed champions of the sound” and says “Dojo Cuts go route 1 to your soul”. I couldn’t have put it better myself.
Affidavit of Probable Cause- Second Degree Murder
2. Puree the tomatoes and keep aside.
This area has turned into a sort-of wishing pond for tourists.
The first section of the prescribed reading begins with Nietzsche explaining that ‘ressentiment’ is the beginning of the ‘slave revolt’, and that it is a force which creates moral values.
That was never a very good argument. Gaddafi has never treated the military well, because he feared a coup. In part, that explains why sections of the military placed themselves in the head of the rebellion in Benghazi – many of these same people have been developing relations with Imperialism for some considerable time. Moreover, the Egyptian military was much more powerful than Gaddafi's, but it was neutralised. Indeed, it had been not only neutralised but turned in Benghazi.
it's saturday morning. the column's up. i want to say something witty and har-di har har, but i'm not in the mood. the day's too lovely to think very hard and i'm on my way to the diemersfontein pino on tap fest. well, soon, at least. after some breakfast. and a steam. maybe a wee coffee somewhere...
selfless requests and supplications to my Father with praise and thanksgiving
*Simpleish Mango & Blackberry Tart
In addition, ladies, Darwin didn’t lose his faith because he discovered natural selection; he dumped God because he couldn’t stomach the doctrine of eternal accountability and damnation. That’s what made him switch teams. I think that was about ten years after he had married his first cousin. Git-R-Done, Charlie!
This masterpiece is my wedding gift from H. I always secretly hoped she would bequeath Younger Dad and I an original canvas to mark our nuptials. And I wasn't disappointed. On the day before our wedding H arrived in her car and unloaded a very large and beautifully wrapped square shape.
The deep cake tin turned out to be a mistake - it was well-burned on the outside, but still wobbled when you shook the tin. The arrival of visitors in the crucial last 10 minutes of baking resulted in it being VERY dark around the edges. But inside was soft, golden, moist and lemony. Forgot to take a photo of it :-(
Here goes: I am deeply troubled by the seeming slack this group of respondents is cutting Mr. Gibson. I am fully aware that the relations between exes often bring out the very worst in people. I am also fully aware that everyone needs safe spaces to vent the fullness of their frustrations and emotions. But these words take on the language of sexual violence, obligation, and abuse. Aimed at a woman Gibson clearly hates and has admitted to abusing in the past. In a world where 1 in 4 women are raped, exploited, and abused.
Sounds unreal? Maybe it is or maybe these are next steps in using bicycles within commercial businesses. What about having a tricycle with carrier in the back or a folding bike pulling a shopping trailer while negotiating the kilometres of highways within those colossal shopping super stores?
Because let’s face it, it’s easy to fall into a rut and live everyday if only to make it to the next, but to say that the people who are doing just that are children who just don’t get what’s going on outside of their own bubble (which to an extent, yes, is true, but not entirely) and who look for someone to show them what’s going on like children do as students is to also not fully understand the situation of these people. Meaning that Siddhartha was just as child-like as the people he called child-people. Oh the irony?
Sharshar's reaction was a mixture of perplex and rage. But he recovered quickly and stood up and walked the few steps into the fray.
* Re: The submission letter. If you've been published in a different area should it be mentioned? Should you include writing qualifications?
This is a large 8x8 card and is destined for a very special friend, I hope she'll like it. I'm entering it into CraftyHazelNut's Christmas Challenge where they are asking us to 'make a scene'
David Rose has carved out a reputation as a gifted writer of short fiction, and it struck me more than once that those skills were strongly at play in “Vault”. The work is short and to the point, but it is also complex, and the reader does need to work to make their way through the maze. I like that! I must admit, though, had I not been helped by the description of the book on the back cover, I might have got a tad lost, and had to retrace my steps.
A terrible thunder’s roar shook you,
However, if we look a bit deeper into the films context and history you might be able to see that behind all the crazy stock footage and Lugosi interval is a film that truly came from the heart. If you don't know the history of Ed Woods life then you probably didn't know that he too was a Cross-Dresser. He also plays the main character Glen in the film; a transvestite who has a fetish with Angora Sweaters. Wood also had this obsession in his own life so it could be said that the character and stigmas faced throughout the film are based on his own experiences.
A truly formative experience was his stint as assistant to the Davenport Brothers, the most famous spiritualists of their day. These were the same Davenport Bros. who invented the so-called “spirit cabinet”, wherein a restrained subject would be placed alongside a lot of bells and chalkboards and similar objects. When the lights were put out, the bells would ring, the chalkboard would be written on, etc. The secret – duh – is that the subject would slip out of the restraints in the dark, ring the bell, write on the chalkboard and so forth. It was in imitation of the Davenports that Houdini first developed his escapology, and it was in rejection of the Davenports that he later mounted his anti-spiritualism campaign. Note: the Davenports were NOT magicians. They did not claim to be skilled illusionists performing feats of dexterity. They claimed to be spiritualists, conjuring actual spirits. Therefore, though Kellar was their assistant, he was not made privy to their secret, or even told that there was one. He figured it out on his own anyway. By performing several experiments on his own, he was able to replicate the Davenports’ effects. He then partnered up with the Davenport’s announcer William Melville Fay and they began to tour their own show, hitting Canada and South America in the years 1873-75. A shipwreck on the return trip destroyed all of the props for the act and a fortune in gems and coins the men had collected during their travels. Fay returned to the Davenports.
Everybody knows that the war is over
I end on this tune though, for no other reason than it being a top track by a top reggae singer who’s performing here next month at the annual reggae festival in Barbados, it’s your boy! Everton Blender with -
Arya and Gendry continue to have the most compelling plot, going from peril to peril. Now they’re imprisoned in the ruins of Harrenhal, which looks appropriately huge and terrifying. The scenes of torture make you really worry about the fate of these two beloved characters in a show where plot armour is often shown to be asreliable as a shield made of rice pudding. We get to see Arya’s first nightly revenge-prayer, which is something I think that non-book readers will latch onto and really enjoy, especially as her kill list continues to grow.
History, right up to the current news, shows that an African tribal culture cannot be grafted onto a European-derived republic. It has never worked; it does not work.
I thought we'd escape
-You must be a follower of Ravenous Rowie
God is SO good & I can't wait to tell you all what He is doing in my life! I'll be able to update y'all next week :)
Another Easter Egg Hunt where someone was afraid of the Easter Bunny (these years won't last, I am enjoying them as much as I can)
“Definitely, I wouldn’t have signed it. Part of our family is Caribbean.”
MANNY: You’re just jealous.
And lastly, my little one (age 7) is very into poetry at the moment. Specifically, she is reading several Shel Silverstein books - for what seems like the hundredth time. :) Runny Babbit is on one of her all-time favorites, and as such we're using it as inspiration for several language arts projects. Runny Babbit, for anyone who doesn't know, involves poems in which the first two letters of words are switched. This creates funny creatures, like a Pinky Stig. This book would make a great gift or a good addition to the family library. We keep borrowing it from our public library, but I think I may put this on my birthday shopping list...
The application must have reached the Malko Competition by
I shudder to think of my tip being added to the likes of hers, but I'll give it a crack anyway. No point quitting before you've failed, right?
Canada also has an opportunity to play a bigger role in the knowledge based economy by developing higher-level skills and expertise that will help offset uncompetitive labour costs. “Canadian firms could…further exploit the tremendous opportunities in mobile computing and customer-focused applications that capture more of the value in the shift to digital commerce that is occurring across the globe,” said Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney in an April 2012 speech.
Ramsey Kanaan was involved in the early UK anarcho-punk musical scene of the 1970s and 1980s, yet is best known as the founder of AK Press, one of the largest distributors of anarchist and left-wing books in the world. In 2007 Kanaan left AK Press to establish PM Press, a new radical publishing outfit.
However, while we have got this far in reverse engineering the Mercedes front wing. We now need to work out what the benefit of stalling the front wing is. When stalling aerodynamics there are two possible benefits. Reducing drag for more top speed or reducing downforce.
get the jingle out of our heads. Apologies to those readers who find the stinky, slinky Mustela putorius furo their equal or that Ferrets are worthy of being a domesticated pet. I should add that there was a GOLD MINE of images available featuring COSTUMED Ferrets -JUST SAYING.
Paranormal
On July /5 / 2011 the jury found Casey not guilty of aggravated manslaughter, first-degree murder, and aggravated child abuse. She was however, found guilty of four misdemeanour counts of providing false information to a law enforcement officer. 1) Casey told law enforcement that she was employed at Universal Studios during 2008, pursuant to the investigation of a missing persons report, and leading the investigation astray. 2) Casey also told law enforcement that she had left Caylee at an apartment complex with a babysitter causing the authorities to pursue the missing babysitter. 3) Casey told law enforcement that she informed two “employees” of Universal Studios (where she lied about being employed) of the disappearance of Caylee. 4) Casey lied to the authorities and claimed she had received a call and spoke to Caylee on July / 15 /2008, causing them to expend further resources. None of which will carry a sentence that has much impact.
ASSHOLE: Yes.
“Mom, can you just give me a taste of wine before, so I’ll know.” No.
It was fairly hostile environment, as it was exposed to salt water and hot sun for 8-9 hours.
I wad hae gien them aff my hurdies (Hams),
I'm a summer girl.
I was recently contacted by Attune Foods and asked if I would review their Probiotic Chocolate Bars. I had never heard of Attune Foods before - so I did some research and asked lots of questions. They also have granola and granola bars in their line - but those are not gluten free. Their only products that are gluten free at this time are the chocolate bars. And the only ones that are casein free as well are the 3 dark chocolate varieties. If you are also soy free - which I know many of my readers are - this product is not for you - all 3 of the bars I tested clearly stated that they contain soy.
The other funny thing is, stuff i have no control over is happening too. Synchronicity maybe? Destiny perhaps? Both nice and nasty things. Strange coincidences or people getting in touch out of the blue. Doors opening that i've not noticed before. It's all very mysterious!
I also believe that about prayer. We've learned to start and end each day by praying for each other. I never EVER feel safer in my marriage then when Neal is praying for me.
Cut out cookies to shape as desired.
By the time lunch was done, it was overcast and gloomy, threatening to rain. It finally did, around 4pm and I thought, perfect, let me grab a cup of tea and cosy up with a cookbook. Made tea in 5 mins, settled down on the couch with a throw and the rains had disappeared and the sun was out. So I jumped up immediately, frantically arranged my props, prepped up the food and yes, you guessed it right, it started raining. I was so pissed off, I didn't even have the energy to put back all the stuff I had painstakingly arranged (strewn all over the floor would be more precise). I hoped it would be sunny again and it did become bright for a couple of minutes, but by then I was so engrossed in the book, I couldn't care less. It's sad really, because it was a recipe I would have definitely loved to put up here. This morning isn't any better and the weather forecast says, its raining all week. So I guess the recipe is not meant to be displayed as yet..Sigh!
It's been and gone. Gone and been.
What am I scared of?
For parents who speak the foreign language they are teaching to their children, it is important to remember that in the early years we do not want to critique a child's language skills.
28. Your car? bus
And no one feels it more than the migrant worker with limited English. When I ask R why he is sad, he says ‘It’s nothing. It’s everything. It’s the system’. He tells me why he is so worried right now. In the last place he lived he had a contract which had all bills included. After he moved out he received a notice from Thames Water asking him to pay the water bill, which was in his name. He spoke to them to ask how a bill could be in his name if he had never had anything to do with the water supply contract; he showed them his contract as proof. They apologised for the inconvenience and told him it was sorted. Less than a month later a debt collecting agency had written to him explaining that this matter was now in their hands and that if he didn’t pay up they would take him to court. He spoke to them to ask how a bill could be in his name if he had never had anything to do with the water supply contract; he showed them his contract as proof. They apologised for the inconvenience and told him it was sorted. Two weeks later a second debt collecting agency wrote to him. Now he tries to get a second bank account because he has reached the overdraft limit of his first one. Barclays says they won’t give him one because his credit rating is too bad. Why is it bad? Because of this water bill. R feels trapped in a web which he can’t get out of because his English isn’t good enough.
mona lisa
In 2000 the eyes of the world turned to the Mansion when Texas Governor George W. Bush was elected President. As you’ll recall, it took several weeks to ascertain whether or not Bush actually won the election, but when the matter was decided, more or less, Bush turned the house over to his successor, the first Aggie-American Governor of Texas, the pretty boy with the professional skateboarder’s name and impervious helmet of hair, Rick Perry, who lives there still.
~Hikari
5) Real progress, not just pledges. We've seen a massive shift in this area in the last five years. It's now more of a governmental problem than a big corporate one. Nevertheless, it's linked with the transparency and humility points above in that companies will still seek to make more out of promises than they do out of why they've not succeeded (i.e. using the line 'tell us how to do it better' for ideas as to how they can improve).
If I were the bull, I too would try my damnedest to jam my horns as far up your ass as possible.
I would much rather be planting out my own stuff but for now this will have to do
After a three hour drive I am here and it is even more remarkable in person. Imagine, even grander than the websites suggest. I’m sitting on the edge of the of the pool in the hotel’s spa
The bride wanted a very simple and elegant one. I had to design the text layout and sent it out to be printed and then handmake the rest of the invitation to accommodate what was being printed - invitation body, orchid square, and RSVP card. It may have been a simple invitation in appearance, but my goodness, it sure took a lot of running around. A good thing I have a friend that didn't mind driving me around. We had some fun doing it. However, after making a prototype that she loved, it was then difficult to get some of the supplies!
When Life Isn't Sweet Enough Candy Pie
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. If you want to know if smoking should be banned in your town, turn to grade school kids for the answers. Mayors who are debating the smoking ban issue take notice. These kids have some valid reasons not to smoke.
Work
In this case, all three of the above can be included as they make up segments of the film. We can also say that Statham played it safe with this film as it stays within the parameters of what we know and expect in his films.
Of course, there's the question of how much of the theft was intentional. I don't know a thing about Singularity's development cycle. It's possible none of these elements were purposefully nicked, but given the very obvious Borat reference found in a late level, I doubt the designers weren't aware of what they were doing. To quote my favorite composer, Igor Stravinsky, "Good composers borrow. Great composers steal."
I was looking through some old college pictures today and I came across this one from our sophomore year. Not only is Anna wearing her signature smile, but the angel wings made me burst into tears all over again. If anyone in this world deserves to be an angel...its Anna.
Of course I know, as I always did, that medicine does not work like this in reality. I know Dr. House would be fired immediately, if even hired at all, for his harsh words and his hatred of authority. If my boss were to treat me the way he treats his staff, I would probably go home in tears every night. I know that even a special team of doctors like House’s wouldn’t be able to perform all the different surgeries they do, and work in the lab, and manage to sit differentials. It’s usually one or the other (or the other).
a pinch of orange food colour
“I am Bjroknorenstienalar.”
I made cupcakes from a plain old box cake mix. After they were cool, I cut a hole in the top and filled it with the mini chocolate chips or a gummi worm! I filled the hole with frosting and then frosted the top with red frosting. After the top was frosted, I dipped it in red sprinkles. The stem is half of a pretzel stick and the leaf is a green jelly spearmint leaf, rolled out flat and cut to size.
Haha!… Isn’t the verse I picked to memorize with this one fitting? 2 Corinthians 12:9 But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me.
The gang told cops they were taking Wright north to work in a strip club and faced no further action.
Justin is working his jab, but not landing. Now Choate throwing the jab, which Dustin is ducking under and stepping to the side. Now, he’s ducking and trying to land a counter. But, hasn’t quite found the mark with those yet.
RNC Video: You wanna talk about the “war on women”? Let’s talk about it!
Fine. So grab a bunch of people, say that they pay $199 each, and then donate your fortune to a presidential candidate. Unless you want to do it using the 527 paragraph of the tax code.... as that money will go to your presidential candidate and not be taxed by the IRS. What a system!
Now I am not going to claim knowledge or understanding of the mythology, hermeticism and western mystical traditions which theme or inspire the music on Half Blood and it is not important as the music finds and gives its own meaning as it engages mentally and emotionally. Half Blood is in the words of Miller “a meditation on hybridity, impurity and evolution”, and that second word is the key, meditation. Throughout its movements of dark and light, with intrusive and caressing opposites side by side, the whole experience is meditative. At times the music scrapes the senses and in others it leads them through a caustic dark into enveloping acidic warmth, but it is never less than mesmeric of hypnotic.
Silverstone
"Mr. Meyers went straight home, straight to the basement, unpacked his equipment and started a new batch. Mrs. Meyers kidded later that it was the first time in their forty years of marriage that he had come into the house and started working without kissing her first.
1 didgeridoo of crafted PVC
The first thing that struck me was a woman with a young child, arguing with a police officer insisting she had to get onto the platform as she had to get to Holborn. Some people really don't think, then as I walked out of the station. Bearing in mind my last blog. This
11. March 2007 Honey Bees
Tools: SB Nestabilities classic ovals, classic scalloped ovals, MS bangle chain deep double edge punch
133 Million: Annual Paperwork Burden Hours Imposed By Regulators In 2011.(American Action Network, 1/2/12)
I personally think this one is more easy to use compare with the traditional curling irons. Here is the official tutorial video of how to use this tool.
I wanted to have an authentic Japanese new year as possible, so my friend and I watched Kouhaku (Red and White), a variety music program that's on every 31st of December. The colours represent two teams of performers, and at the end there's a vote to decide which team did the best. The team leaders/presenters were Arashi for the white team and a very pretty actress for the red team, with performances by Kouda Kumi, Wada Akiko (who seemed to be on Japanese television for the whole of my two-week stay), EXILE, Lady Gaga, AKB48, a lot of enka singers and of course SMAP. And lots more besides!
I've been posting my latest book chapter by chapter as I write it, and I've found this very useful. The critters have pointed out a number of things that have saved me lots of further effort down the line if I had waited to post only after completing the book. People seem to be enjoying this book far more than my first, perhaps because thrillers are more popular than Tolkienesque fantasy, but also perhaps because I am a slightly better writer the second time around.
OFFICIAL RULES
-J. A. Vasquez
Trying to have your first baby after the age of 35 is dangerous and often unsuccessful and the risk for birth defects skyrockets. This is a well known medical fact and one that feminism likes to ignore in favour of encouraging women to pursue careers so that they might be “equal” to men.
Hysteric apepsia, he called it. Most often first onset in young women in their teens and early twenties, though sometimes in males of the same age. Denial of food to the point of severe emaciation and sometimes death. No signs of “tuberculosis” or other illness; causes unknown.
It's very much my opinion that women are often toxic towards other women in all walks of life, and it's something I work very hard on myself as I will admit that, as I've got a fairly unique territory, my knee jerk reaction is often to jealously guard it - which I then stop myself doing unless it's justified.
03/27/2012
We have 2 dogs (Pugs from the local rescue) and two cats (adopted as kittens from a shelter)
i plan to look back so that i never forget the little things.
If your child does get into a situation where somebody is trying to push or hit or knuckle her or his head, you could practice by holding your child gently and acting as if you are going to do the action gently. Coach your child to pull away and yell NO! really loudly. Coach him or her to say "STOP! I don't like that!" Coach your child to look the bully in the eyes and speak in a firm voice with both hands up and in front like a fence. Teach your child to leave and go to an adult for help.
Ball 1 3/4 inches
My little angler needed some bait so I pinched out a live cricket from the bucket and slipped it on the hook.
I then wanted to try making the same design with 3 mm bicones to see how it'd look. A tiny bit too small it seems: you get more of a gap between crystal and twin bead, exposing the thread in a less than pleasing way.
At least five feet into the sky!
He continued caning me between the scolding. When he started up again, I almost freaked, thinking he would aim high again. "You aimed really high that one time, you know." I whimpered.
Star Trek forums are amazing. They allow people to communicate with others that have the same interests, and share things that they find interesting. One can enter a specific "thread" and read various opinions and explanations for episodes, personalities, and inconsistencies. There are people who prefer for discussion to be canon, and those who wish to include all references such as novels and comics. Entering a Star Trek forum is truly a unique experience - at least to me.
Friday is always be one of the best days. It means weekend is near! Hohoho... It was yesterday that I finally made my plan through. My plan to watch the gig that I have been waiting for quite a long time. Originally, I planned to watch 2 gigs at two different places one after another. First gig was supposed to be Urban Zakapa at Mnet Pub Project in Times Square, Yeoungdeungpo and the other one is 110th The Club Day at Live Club Ssam, Hongdae.
THE BLACKHOPE ENIGMA was my first attempt at a novel and there aren’t any older manuscripts lurking around in a drawer. I had never, ever imagined writing a novel, though I had decided I wanted to write texts for picture books and illustrate them. I wrote several short texts that are hidden away, waiting to be looked at again someday, but I discovered I wanted to write longer stories with more complex ideas (and to illustrate them).
“In the past we were speaking in one voice to all audiences,” he said. “There’s different things, there’s different reasons, why students and faculty might use this, and there’s different reasons why the community might use this.”
Coming Friday: How do former players feel about their baseball cards? Here's the blogger who knows!
We sang.
Limited-ammo weapons can be fired by any model (as normal), but those shooting must have LOS to the target.
Learn and be inspired by a creative tourism experience in Thailand to discover the other you.
We're good people! Richard and I try our hardest to make the best decisions that will allow us to sleep good at night. We give everything we do our all so that at the end of the day we know that we won't have any regrets because we tried our best.
Step 1. Create a Product Line Metrics Matrix – include relevant business and market metrics including market share, growth, % of revenue etc. (see below)
The Tom & Suzie Show is a web radio show out of Virginia. A mix of comedy, current events, rants and whatever else pops up. I’ll be joining them live next Saturday night, but give them a listen tonight at 11:00PM est.
Michael McDonald - keyboards, vocals
Julia Cameron also talks a lot about this, in her well-loved guide to creativity, The Artist's Way. As I understand it, Cameron originally wrote it for creative artists who were stuck, who were not doing their art anymore. The idea was to actually acknowledge the stuckness, to almost embrace it (morning pages), then begin to give yourself creative alternatives. Try new things, let go of how we "should" be doing it. Only then can the imagination stir, buzz inside us, give us those ideas that might lead to a breakthrough. Cameron very gently assigned readers a weekly artist date: to spend an hour exploring something completely unknown.
Thanks for reading, and thanks to all those who give me hope and inspiration every day by persevering in your quiet ways.
Surfing
PS Once things have settled you all better be there for the re-stash ;)
One of the cornerstones of Czech cooking is dumplings - bread dumplings, yeasted dumplings, potato dumplings, fruit dumplings, dumplings with bacon, and on and on. So it seemed natural that my descent into Czech cooking begin with this mass of flour and carbohydrates. Most families here don't make dumplings anymore, as they are quite cheap to buy mass-produced ones in the shops. Some have told me they buy them from their local pub, which makes them from scratch. When I confessed my upcoming dumpling adventure to some, the men seemed impressed (thought I was being a good wifey to the Czech hubs), and the women said they remember making them with their mums years ago and I should definitely give it a shot.
Hope Springs hits theaters this August and is sure to make a splash. Last August, The Help dominated the late summer box office and proved that women have a place in summer movies. Could lightning strike twice? Only time will tell, but Streep is definitely a crowd pleaser and will draw filmgoers of all kinds. Check out all the heartwarming shenanigans below.
Have you ever received a really cute invitation announcing a birth, a wedding, birthday party...etc...and said WOW that is so cute. Where did they have this made? Well, I will tell you....they got it from my sweet BFF Tammy over at Show and Tell Designs.
NICE is a community partnership among Norfolk Public Schools; the Chrysler Museum of Art; Hackworth Reprographics; Navy Chess; Norfolk State and Old Dominion universities; teachers; parents; The Virginian-Pilot; the Norfolk
I have only ever escaped London by car, train or aeroplane never by bike. This was going to be a first for me. The simple idea that a rivers flow could take me on a journey out of historic London and into the British countryside had me wishing the weekend would hurry itself along. I was also looking forward to having the company of my boyfriend. He was as keen as I was to break the boundaries of the M25 on the seat of a bicycle.
TIP #10
Srah Srang is deemed as “The royal bathing pool” or “pool of ablutions”. It is located towards the east of Banteay Kdei and was built during the reign of Rajendraverman in the 10th century. It was later on enhanced and beautified by Jayavarman VII by laying out steps made of laterite stones with external margin of sandstone, on the banks of the pond facing the sun.
So, this class entailed watching movies and sitting around and talking about them once a week.
These are just five favorite events in Willow's Week. I take joy in searching for positive, pleasing things in my life. It just makes the week go better. Thanks to Susanne who faithfully hosts Friday Fave Five, and thanks to all the other people who post their faves to encourage the rest of us.
She smiled, adding a barely perceptible sway, drawing him in the wake of her consent.
“He created hysterical headlines about "Muslim inbreeding " with his comments about the health risks of cousin marriages among Pakistanis. The way he spoke about the issue was as though some Frankenstein-like creatures were filling the baby wards in maternity hospitals around Oldham, Bradford, Burnley and Birmingham.”
time and again words
But, back to the book - my favorite reading material is Spiritual writing. I've read lots and lots of books. There are all kinds of books on Spirituality, what it means, how to find it, where to look, and what to read. Cindy goes right to the source, the bible, specifically the Book of Psalms.
That's been my week so far, how's your week going?
Her new brads and matching ribbon are adorable and fun to create with. Here's a look at some of the samples.
Can't wait to explore Disneyland with you!!!!!
I thought I was clockwise, but after I looked at it a while, I decided that I'm "bi."
"Roberto and his brother Maurizio are the highly advanced lifeforms crewing the mysterious starship that goes by the name of My Cat is an Alien, plotting a quixotic course through three millennia of cosmic music, from the celestial drones of the Pythagorean monochord onwards, to land up in the gravity-free realm of the No-mind." - THE WIRE
Turn out onto a plate and serve warm.
But the regime's own actions disprove the charge of sectarianism. Its suppression of the opposition is totally indiscriminate; witness the horrific torture, murder and mutilation of Hamza Al Khateeb (picture above). The regime has killed at least 1,500 since the ‘Days of Rage’ in February, and in the last days of July, maybe thousands more. Promises of ‘new era’ democratic reforms, the lifting the state of emergency imposed in 1963, and planned negotiations, are just ruses to confuse and divide the opposition. These all failed as the demand of the opposition to ‘end the regime’ became more popular. But how to 'end the regime' is less straightforward. Meeting in Turkey on July 17 the external opposition couldn't agree on whether to form a alternative government or wait to see how the uprising went. But they all agreed that it was necessary to use 'civil disobedience' to achieve 'democracy'. Just what 'civil disobedience' means when innocent children are shot in the streets was not made clear.
“When a man and woman are both in love, their emotions encourage them to make each other happy for life. In fact, the thought of spending life apart is usually frightening. It seems to them that they were made to be together for eternity. In almost every case, a man and woman marry because they are in love, and they are in love because their love bank balances are above the romantic love threshold.”
In the kitchen, Mildred gets to work breaking down chickens and goes into a whole monologue about how much she hates how half chickens are served in most places, and how she’s going to serve her half chickens in pieces. See what I mean about unnecessary detail? She flings off some instructions to the waitress as she works, talking a mile a minute.
My next thought was the washing of the water. As the water lapped at my feet I thought about the washing of my spirit. God’s washing. Taking all that junk and washing it out in the ocean, burying it on the ocean floor.
Patay!
Pilar did a post on “My Sins Against Gender-Stereotypes”, in response to a challenge from a blog friend of hers. I can't call it a sin, though, so I'm going to call it "Celebrating Breaking the Gender Rules".
what kinds of lies do you tell?
2) In a bowl, using an electric whisk, cream butter and sugar till light and fluffy. Add in salt, vanilla essence and condensed milk, whisk till incorporated.
collapsed in the middle of
According to Mazibuko, "an open tender process was followed in awarding the contracts" and "no possible conflicts of interests exists".
I’m not sure how many times Carling have tried to extent the brand. I remember Carling Premier as a stronger lager sold in a can with a widget to give it the “smooth” effect of some canned ales. I have a mate who given the chance will drone on at length about how great Carling Premier was and that they should bring it back. It never did much for me, but I’m not fond of “smooth” beers whether it is done to an ale or a lager. I guess if it was that great it would still be in the shops and we will see if Chrome is that great if it is still in the shops this time next year.
7. What is your favorite color?
EsjaFamiljen (SE)
“Until the current diagnostic criteria for CFS is either scrapped or used only to define those with idiopathic chronic fatigue and a specific, strict criteria for those with genuine ME be applied, such as the Canadian Criteria, then the diagnosis and subsequent research will be skewed. The Canadian Criteria was not intended for diagnosis but it fits the serious nature of the disease and excludes more patients that don't have autonomic, central nervous system and immune system involvement. Until the diagnostic criteria issue is dealt with, there will always be problems with the current system and high patient complaints. The Canadian Criteria should be rolled out for diagnosis and research in the UK. The differences between those with neuro-immune disease, ME and CFS will then become clear.” Christine White, Lancaster;
Well, with all due respect and I’m very sorry for the security guard, but just how is this my concern? I’m presuming when he took the job the guard realised it was a high risk position. Or had he been told he’d be helping little old ladies with their shopping trolleys? I suspect not.
Just to keep y'all occupied in my absence though, I am posting this cassette I picked up on my recent Marrakech visit. It was recommended to me by the owner of a music shop located in the back room of an electrical goods shop just off the Djemaa el Fna telling me the singer is from Marrakech. I have no idea what type of music it is, and its fair to say I've never heard anything quite like it. I was disappointed when I first put the tape on and really though it would not be my cup o' tea, but the tempo increases over the course of side one until you're absolutely swept away by the demented energy of it all. It appears to be a live recording and, gosh, it does sound like some party!
It wasn't 'human relations' that stopped me from pursuing my passion. It was simply that I lost interest. I lost the passion for art making. It just--fizzled away. I don't know why.
My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground:
brown or green for earth
Ram Restaurant and Brewery Salem Double Exposure IPA Double IPA "Hitting 100 IBUs is Ram Brewing’s Double Exposure IPA, crafted especially for the festival"
Indeed I’ve been pinching myself ever since. I emailed Jane yesterday, saying it was good to meet her, and thanking her for the opportunity to submit the full MS which I will do once I’ve made the RNA NWS suggested tweaks. (I was also trying to prove that I could be professional and not a complete drunken buffoon.)Twenty minutes later she emailed back, not only confirming that I hadn’t dreamt Saturday night, but also giving me her feedback and the constructive feedback from Donna Condon, Senior Editor at Piatkus publishing.
The first beers to arrive will be:
We are so lucky to live near such wonderful people. We did not grow up here. By many measures, we are still “outsiders”. However, we feel “adopted” and part of this community. This tornado may have damaged our house and farm, but it certainly reinforced our belief in the goodness of humans. We are lucky. We are lucky. I keep saying that to myself and people keep congratulating me on my positive outlook. I do not deserve that congratulations. It is the sincere offers of help and well-wishes that lead me to believe that “we are lucky”.
The Ottawa Citizen published an Agence France Presse article on Friday reporting that "Thick ice closed vast swaths of the Danube on Thursday, crippling shipping on Europe's busiest waterway, as the death toll from bitter cold across the continent rose...as it has every day for nearly two weeks." The report noted that "Navigation was impossible or restricted in Serbia, Croatia, Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary and Austria, as ice covered the river or formed dangerous floes in shipping lanes."
The brighter, more serious students were the least desirous of grades, possibly because they were more interested in the subject matter of the course, whereas the dull or lazy students were the most desirous of grades, possibly because grades told them if they were getting by.
I found this amazing site recently. It has before and after shots showing how photos have been retouched for ads and magazine covers. The site is run by Glenn C. Feron to market his company’s work. Since they do not want their photos reproduced elsewhere, please click on the link to see examples from their portfolio.
Where to start? When in doubt, I usually turn to my BFF, J.K. Rowling, for wisdom. People really seemed to like her rags-to-riches story, the whole struggling-single-mum-on-welfare-makes-good angle. So with that in mind, I’m going to tell you something—something that not a lot of people know about me.
2009-2012 Gertie Sweet Brewing Co as Brewer and proprietor
The woman testified she did not realise her husband was planning an attack when he asked to meet her boyfriend in person one night in December, 2008.
When I had the fall parent/teacher conference with GJ's teacher (who I really like now, by the way), she told me that they're learning about communities and cities and government--just the basic stuff. But how they're doing it is she had the class found their city by naming it and drawing up a city charter that they all signed. This city, named M&M City (how 'bout that product placement, Mars, Inc.?!), was founded to be a place that's "fun for kids with lots of playgrounds and free candy and swimming pools." Now, for the past week, the teacher has been explaining what the different positions in city government are and encouraging the kids to run for office if any of the positions interest them and if they think they've got what it takes to be the Mayor, Mayor Pro Tem, judge, etc. of M&M City. So The Geej decided she wanted to be on the City Council. She had to write a speech and then give her speech before the electorate, and she also had to make a campaign sign. Elections are today. I'll let you know how it goes.
One sees that this is all new. This is parking area and to the west of it will be soccer fields, lots of them. Soccer is very popular and even though there was some protest about them being built on the wetlands, there was never any real question about the project going ahead. The mayor needed to pass the bond and he does want to get reelected after all. The mountain in the background is Antelope Island rising out of the Great Salt Lake. The black smoke is an anomaly. While we don’t lay claim to very clean air, this smoke has to be a fire of some sort.
The long-term effects of doing this are absolutely astounding. Imagine having thousands of prospects, in your target market, receiving your monthly newsletter. They will appreciate the useful content you will provide, and the best part is that your name will be constantly in their minds as the only person to buy from when the time comes! By publishing a quality newsletter, you are no longer just a salesperson in their eyes – you become a highly qualified expert in your field, they will begin to trust you as a business advisor, and that is what the very top of the top sales pros are to their customers.
The Magicians by Lev Grossman – Many people have said that this book is Harry Potter for adults, but it is much more than that. The Magicians populates a world that any adult fan of fantasy novels would love to wake up one day and discover that they have actually been living in. Darker elements of Wonderland, Narnia, and Hogwarts can be seen in the magic land of Fillory. Grossman recently published a sequel that continues the story of Quentin Coldwater and Fillory, The Magician King. Recommended by Rachel B.
Let me explain: what happens if I close my eyes, sit straight and look at the flame of a candle. I am aware of sounds, my breath, the object in front of me and my thoughts. Can it be that meditation makes me more aware of what is happening around me? Does meditation create the awareness of who I really am and how the world really functions?
Now let’s discuss a few more of your television, film and stage performances over the years. What’s the first thing that pops into your mind about:
Introducing the WX10000.1, KICKER’s ultimate power play in car audio. Code name Warhorse, the WX10000.1 Signal-Modulated Subwoofer Amplifier is a massive marvel – more than 10,000 true watts surging to dual-voice-coil subwoofers with the highest power-handling capabilities…. Read More >>
Once the classes start at the end of August we will clear all the projects away and make room for the students!
The table is snorting in unison. Bread crumbs are being blown from nose and mouth.
The Sleep Of Reason Produces Monsters
Being new to the blog community and a little bit challenged when it comes to common sense, I have only just realised what it is I have to do when an award has been passed to me by another blogger. It’s almost bedtime now but, tomorrow, I shall properly accept the awards and, more importantly, pass them along to other bloggers.
Granted, this puts additional pressure on Oliver Breweries to find new/additional brewing resources of one kind or another, or else start cutting back on distribution to other outlets. Stay tuned......
Nelson Runger (Narrator)
I had a woman from the faith based center that I work at approach me regarding the issue of alcohol a few weeks back. She had been reading Ecclesiastes 9:7 where the author writes: Go, eat your bread with joy, and drink your wine with a merry heart. This verse was a problem for her because she had been taught all growing up that alcohol consumption was a sin. She referenced her church, her family, the Christian programs that she had been a part of her whole life, all teaching that drinking alcohol was sinful behavior that saddened God. Her question was why would the Bible suggest sinning? – - – - -
Everytime, I hear this song (especially on my tough times), I easily break down to tears. A familiar song to almost everyone…
It's a lot easier to pull out a bag when you need masking tape then to sift through a drawer of junk looking for it.
Sensitivity sessions, diversity workshops, re-education programs, ceaseless media propaganda via films and television, along with the cleverly disguised anti-white writings of scholars like Steele, and the not-so-disguised biases of academics like Noel Ignatiev, have taken their toll on white confidence, backing whites into a corner, where their defensiveness often looks like downright surrender.
He called her woman to let all know that he was SON OF GOD. Epitaphs on tombstone reflect the sonship of the deceased. The TITULUS (Inscription) above his bruised and pierced with thorns head did not read that he was Jesus, the carpenter’s son, the son of Mary but instead read INRI – IESVS NAZARENVS REX IVDAEORVM (Latin) which meant Jesus the Nazarene, King of the Jews (English).
Today a report of 3 more deaths.
In case you missed it, Beinart says his wake-up call about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict came while watching a video of a Palestinian man being arrested for stealing water. The man’s five-year-old son saw him being taken away and cried out “Baba, Baba.” The boy was the same age as Beinart’s own son, and he felt a fleeting kinship.
Erasmus Exchange Students 2008
Then, we wait for the biggest hurdle for Cookie and the Husband to clear.
A dog whose motivation is deeper– so deep that it’s a part of the process of their life– is a dog who is called. A called dog comes to its master and enjoys the run, while a driven dog runs to its master out of fear of reprisal, for fear of doing the wrong thing. A driven dog can easily go mad trying to live up to expectations of perfection and productivity.
As you know, to make up for the appalling misunderstanding over the Christmas present of 2010, (a short post about which can be found in Jan, 2011 archive) this time, Mr Dunnit out did himself and utterly insisted that I choose and order myself an iPad. Well, guilt was finally over-ridden by need, obviously, and so I honoured my wedding vow to 'obey' and ordered one.
What is remarkable about the collection as well is that it spans the period from the golden age of the pulps, to when the pulps collapsed after World War II, to the years when nobody was interested, and the resurgence of interest in them in the 1980s and 90s. It is indeed a collection that is probably one of a kind.
Grandma died three days later. I wrote her eulogy.
My favourite versions of the stories were always the fantastical, romantic, plate-armoured ones - not just Excalibur but Malory, Tennyson, and the Pre-Raphaelites . I didn't think I could compete with those so I decided to do the other sort of King Arthur book - the kind that shows him not as a king at all but as some sort of war-leader in post-Roman Britain, which is what he really was if he ever existed at all. There have been loads of good books like that, too - Rosemary Sutcliff's The Lantern Bearers, for instance, or Mary Stewart's Arthur trilogy - but they all portray Arthur himself as a great leader. Rosemary Sutcliff, writing in the 1950s, naturally sees Arthur as a Churchillian figure who leads the Romano-British defenders against hordes of invaders sweeping over the North Sea. But I lived under Tony Blair, not Churchill, so I had a rather different view of leaders!
The Paper Mate InkJoy portfolio includes seven pen styles available in a variety of bright, modern ink colors.
Now, before you leap off to check it out, thinking you'll be inundated with short satisfying stories filled to the brim with graphic sex, let me tell you, that's not what you'll find. Not to say that's not what a significant proportion, if not most, yaoi is, I found this an atypical yaoi. So, if you read this and loved this, that doesn't mean the rest of yaoi will be your cup of tea. Nor does it mean that if you read this and wondered where all the naked sweaty guys were from chapter to chapter, that you won't like yaoi, even if this isn't your cup of tea.
This time though, a head full of steam,
I was in my twenties when I broke free, and leaving everything I knew brought with the fear, a fresh beginning. Refusing to go to my grave with regrets, "what ifs," or tears over the lost years, I set out to take back what was taken from me. Through trial and error and observing the masters I taught myself the craft, and gradually the gift of storytelling returned. Learning basics that many take for granted has been a journey to be sure, but on the flip side, if I ever need to make breakfast for 150 people, I've already got that covered.
Dear Dr. Mikovits,
In training the mind through meditation and contemplative disciplines, a helpful analogy is to regard the mind-brain-body as a remarkable musical instrument that is capable of generating the sweetest of music, yet all too often is poorly maintained, left untuned and plagued with chaotic and noisy sounds. If we sincerely wish to learn to play beautiful music, we must study with a master who knows the instrument inside and out. Both teachers and students alike need to know how to quiet their stress, maintain emotional awareness and receptiveness for learning. In order to develop a calm, clear, joyful, and loving mind, we need the guidance of someone who thoroughly understands what the mind is, how the mind works and how it can be transformed … someone whose own heart-mind is truly open to the full depths of being and embraces the full dimension of all creation.
When I saw the red fox, it was moving somewhat in my direction, so I drove over to a mound that was more in line with the fox's line of travel, and waited to see if it would come close enough for pictures. With the cold temperatures (-25F/-32C), I kept my camera inside my fur parka that I was wearing. That way I don’t have to worry about it being out too long and having the battery frozen up when I'm ready to take a picture. When the fox was about 200 meters from me, it realized I wasn’t just a dark spot on the mound and changed direction, moving away. I started up the snowmachine and started following it, angling along its direction of travel. It let me get close enough for a few pictures before it picked up speed and loped off.
Thanks for your recipe, Jordana!
I fundamentally believe that it is the duty of all G0d-fearing Americans to take a stand upon the principles of liberty and limited government that so many before us have bled and died to defend. I believe that these United States were ordained by God as man’s last best hope for freedom. We are an extraordinary country, but a country that is rapidly sliding into the oblivion of statist globalized Marxism. Once these lights of freedom (yes, these United States are 50 sovereign states) are extinguished from the earth, the dark forces of totalitarianism, socialism, monarchism, multi-national corporatism, Marxism, and globalism will trample the God-given rights of man under an iron boot of darkness. We can not allow that to happen! We must NEVER allow that happen! I believe that our best defense is a good offense and that offense begins with a well educated populace. We must confront the forces of totalitarianism with knowledge and uncompromising resolve! I also believe that we must be prepared physically for whatever catastrophes that may be created, whether that be an economic collapse, foreign invasion, or a maniacal police state turned against We The People. Coupled with that, we must be spiritually prepared. All things are possible through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ! When we get right with God individually and as a people everything will fall into place.
“If you run away,” said his mother, “I will run after you.
Do you remember playing the secret game when you were young? Someone would whisper a few short sentences into the first person’s ear and then the first person would repeat the secret into the next person’s ear and so on and so on. Do you remember what happened at the end? Of course! Those few short sentences would wind up be contorted and distorted into some type of funny scenario.
-be in a race (cars)
I never tried baking eggless cake with condensed milk but tempted to try this recipe by a famous chef. Despite being egg free and butterless this cake turns out absolutely delicious, moist with right amount of sweetness.
I can honestly say that I hadn't really thought much about repatriation. Of course it's always been on the cards, we are due (at this current time) to return to our Derby home in June 2012. Occasionally we have had chats about whether we want to stay on here; for an extra year, for a few extra years, for....ever....and while I practically get a funny shiver at the thought of staying anywhere forever, the prospect of another year seems nice, and another couple of years? Well, maybe, that would be ok too. But equally, I feel, or thought I felt, fine about going 'home' in June.
Republican presidential candidate and former U.S. senator Rick Santorum campaigns at a tea party town hall meeting, Saturday, in Hixson, Tenn. (John Amis – AP) “everybody in America to go to college.”
And thanks to the hit 1999 movie Jantar Mantar, a generation of young people think that a gang of power hungry politicians, led by Jawaharlal Nehru, brilliantly if inaccurately played by Rashed Suhrawardy, killed a saintly president. While this is pure conspiracy nonsense, one can see why it was such a hit –– Nehru the younger was obviously the biggest beneficiary of the changed political circumstances.
Backup and recovery
“Well, thank you Cliff,” I answered, delighted. “I really appreciate that . . . What prompted you to call me at this moment?”
I want to get done in that short amount of time.
And I cried. For a long time. Because I still miss him after all of these years and because leaving this home is so painful and because it just felt so good to let everything out and not have to put a smile on it because little people are watching me. I just let it all out and it was a relief.
This Biblical mandate is based on the fact that we belong to Jesus Christ. We belong to Him for we are bought with a price and the result, according to 1 Corinthians 6:21 is to “glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God’s.”
The artwork in Ragnarok is phenomenal! It is hands down some of the best artwork I have seen in terms of manhwa/manga format! Every page is so full of detail and textures that it really makes you wonder why more people can’t flesh out their artwork this well. If I were to be honest, I would have to say that the art in Ragnarok is better than some of the artwork I have seen that were made specifically to be published in an art book compilation.
What are you doing to me???
Several activities should be part of our regular genealogical activities:
It said “Except with the approval of the Governor-General…”
Navien has requested installers to inspect any Navien water heaters manufactured through the end of December 2008 to ensure all collar and exhaust sections are fused appropriately. The company has stated that application of ULC S636 compliant cement - in accordance with the cement manufacturer's instructions - will be required for collar and exhaust sections improperly fused. Navien stated it has tested and approved the use of IPEX System 636 and Royal Group GVS-65 cements for fusing Navien water heater collars to PVC venting pipes. Navien have
Who had the bottom three dishes?
Could not help but notice
It’s surprising how much you can start out disliking someone and then only ending up completely loving everything they do. I watched a video from PewDiePie last year, and I didn’t like it, at all. However, when my other favorite YouTube person didn’t sate my boredom, I started to look for other videos and of course, the famous PewDiePie popped up. Because he is famous, at least in the YouTube world and he does make his own living off of these videos, something which at least for me, marks some type of success. He’s a “let’s play”-er. Basically meaning he plays the game and offers commentary to it, a bit different from a walkthrough where the person say “you do this and this”.
I guess I should share a bit of my indoor Fall decorations before I take it all down next week...LOL
The Potatoes are now in the ground thanks to some long days and hard work.
3. How have you been feeling? Great! Still needing that nap every other day or so.
Remember me, LORD Jesus Christ, when You come as King! Amen!
Thanks Steph for totally spoiling me as usual! I love them all, the owl is really cuddly too :-)
The decision to end the program, a decision buried in a thousand-page spending bill and announced right before the holidays, destroys the hopes and dreams of thousands of D.C. families. Parents and children have rallied countless times over the past year in support of reauthorization and in favor of strengthening the OSP.
Choose Mission Valley Resort and You Won’t be left Planning on Your Own
And so, in a sense, I welcome the likes of Joan Smith and Jonathan Waxman for finally coming clean and alerting us all about what is afoot.Yes, but I think they should also be welcomed simply for reaching these insane levels of wanting to regulate popcorn intake and put health warnings on bangers and mash (also a wank fantasy of another a revolting authoritarian cunt - the aforementioned Waxman - and also fisked at VG,IF). If something is going to derail their plans, if something is going to halt the marching of those nasty little boots, then it could well be when the owners of those boots strap them onto a surfboard before going and jumping a shark.
And yes, my name would be Jesus.
Since Chris & I are getting married this year we have agreed to not spend a lot on each other during holidays, etc. He decided to break this rule at Christmas & got me an iPad though. I couldn't tell him to return it haha. I love that thing! It was kind of an exception though because it was also my gift from his family.
3 T. sugar
Why is marriage so hard? I knew there would be struggles, but this is so much work, and now that I'm a mom, I'm really tired! I was relieved to find compassion in Jesus' teaching in Mathew 19. He says, "'Not everyone is mature enough to live a married life. It requires a certain aptitude and grace. Marriage isn't for everyone....But if you're capable of growing into the largeness of marriage, do it'" (vv.11-12 The Message). I'm convinced that if we are married, we are capable of growing into the largeness of marriage with God's strength. But it is a huge undertaking, something we must grow into. Marriage is a relationship we start learning about the day we get married, and if we're smart we'll keep learning for the rest of our lives.
The logic is perverse. If we find Abdulmutallab in an al-Qaeda training camp in Yemen, where he is merely preparing for a terror attack, we snuff him out with a Predator -- no judge, no jury, no qualms. But if we catch him in the United States in the very act of mass murder, he instantly acquires protection not just from execution by drone but even from interrogation.
“The goal now is a socialist, redistributionist society, which is nature’s proper steward and society’s only hope.”
It was a little intimidating to think of asking to call on her especially since other boys had tried and so far her answers had always been a firm "No." I finally decided the worst thing that could happen was that she says no to me too and I went ahead and asked for permission. She kept me waiting for several weeks before she finally agreed that I could call on her.
how could that ever be
The Depression of the 1930s is long over, the farming days are gone, and the fake Kettles live on only on film. So too will my in-laws pass, the real-life Ma and Pa, who have given me their beautiful daughter, a ton of laughter, and a sense of how hard the life of two have-nots can be.
A brief bit of background.
We do not need an inerrant Bible to demonstrate the veracity of the historical points just mentioned. We only need a trustworthy record of Jesus’ teachings, claims, and deeds from those in a position to provide us with accurate information. So long as the salient details of Jesus’ life, teachings, and resurrection contained in the Bible are accurate, that is enough to validate Christianity as being true. And we can demonstrate that the salient details of the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ are firmly established as historically accurate using the standard principles of historiography employed by secular historians.
From the Tangueros . .
Drake: keep all contact via phone or Skype. Do not physically meet with Brock.
"Demented Aggression" roars out of the gate with blast beats (and shows other, newer, bands that having been around for decades doesn't mean you have to mellow-- this could've been recorded by 18-year-olds); "Scourge of Iron" and its initial open-chord chug stand out, as does the blistering "Encased in Concrete"....
Usually grammars come high up in the academic league tables, with most scoring close to 100% in the government’s chosen measure- pupils getting five A* to C grades including maths and English.
What’s that? You didn’t actually find me? You just haggled me away from some paleontological grave robber? In that case, I suppose it’s cranial domes off to him, but you still deserve some credit for exhibiting such bartering prowess.
That's great. I'd hate to see you unhappy or uncomfortable.
As a judge, here's the list of items I check when performing the harness and hitch judging. Note: other judges may or may not check the same things I check.
#1. I’m very commited with my job, sometimes even more than with my studies.
What I’ve done is create two circular raised beds in front and plant hundreds more in containers. (And plant different species tulips throughout the garden every fall.) The hybrids are treated as annuals, for the most part, and composted yearly.
But think of the good times that we've had.
In looking at the context of Acts 27, verses 7-9 the warnings were already present. They had sailed slowly many days, and scarce come over againstCnidus. The wind was not allowing them to make progress and had difficulty-passingCreteand now in our text, “much time was spent and the sailing was now dangerous.”
4 Good Reasons to Get the Asus Eee PC 1005HA 10.1 Inch Netbook
7. Never forget it is all about human connections, and the best way to do that is
I have too many ideas and not enough time
Why does our government keep hiring tyrants like this from ex-Communist and Nazi regimes? Let us not forget the hundreds of Nazi war criminals the US gave refuge to following WW2.
Further Resources:
I loved this: Let's eat Grandpa.
- You have to trust that they will want and be able to learn.
Toadstool Alcazar architecture kit Beat Donkey Kong at Toadstool Castle
Oh, back to reality. Yes, so after that lovely wine date we followed up the next week with lunch and perhaps another walk.
2 1/2 cups (400g) cooked and drained chickpeas (about 1 cup dried chickpeas), use canned only if you must
As far as food is concerned, he is getting a little more picky. Mainly, he's refusing bread! Any bread- pita, cornbread, sandwich bread, etc. It's okay to boycott bread, I suppose, as it's not full of nutrients he really needs, but it just seems odd to me. I mean really, who doesn't like bread!?
Me: "I don't think there was a woman named Ava in the Bible. I can look, but I don't think so."
Media Literacy/Cultural Discernment
HOW in the world CAN I do such a long term thing in my life as losing so much weight and LITERALLY revamping my life? It's NOT easy, but in breaking it down to itty bitty baby steps and staying motivated, I am making more progress than I've ever dreamed. You see, morbid obesity is like a huge mill stone tied ever so tightly around my neck and for many with this like me, escape is nearly impossible~but REMEMBER I've said, nearly...NOT totally. It IS possible. It is...I have to believe this!
I had lunch at Cozmo cafe in Zaitunay Bay!
This week's theme is Discontinued polish. I haven't really gone out of my way to get my hands on a discontinued polish, so at first I wasn't sure what polish I was going to use for this week's theme. I probably would have just gone with China Glaze Party Hearty since I know that came out for Christmas 2010 collection. After doing some research (note typing in random names of polish that I owned) I discovered from Rebecca likes nails that I owned a discontinued polish, enter Sally Hansen Lime Lights (shown on my center fingers). So I sat it aside anxiously awaiting to post about it.
Bleep! Bleep! Bleep!…”N*****.” No, it was not a rap video nor a Chris Rock comedy routine that let the “N” word rip today: rather, it was CNN’s American Morning.
Pour the batter into the tin and flatten with the back of a spoon.
Remember the book The Thorn Birds? The very famous quote goes "There's a story... a legend, about a bird that sings just once in its life. From the moment it leaves its nest, it searches for a thorn tree... and never rests until it's found one. And then it sings... more sweetly than any other creature on the face of the earth. And singing, it impales itself on the longest, sharpest thorn. But, as it dies, it rises above its own agony, to out sing the lark and the nightingale. The thorn bird pays its life for just one song, but the whole world stills to listen, and God in his heaven smiles. For the best is bought, only at the price of great pain."
I was a bit disappointed recently when two different pairs of socks came out of the laundry with damage. My lucky bike socks (pictures to come) suffered a small hole near the side of the toe, which was easily fixed. My beloved Koigus weren’t quite so lucky — I’m going to have to unravel part of one cuff and re-knit it. I guess there’s a lesson for me to hang onto my yarn remnants in case I need them for repairs.
Georgia finally has one!
All 3 pregnancies have been the same.
Selvey, the man who visited the billboard site and made the comparison to Detroit, called the billboard a hit to his soul.
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
24 copies @ $13 = $312
2) To respect his points of views (I respect but that does not mean I agree, if I do disagree I would tell him )
In a statement to Ad Age, Quaker said that the move was “part of PepsiCo’s strategic investment and productivity initiatives.” The marketer added that “Organic was selected because of their high-level strategic thought leadership, their emphasis on collaboration between agency partners and their passion for social media as an integral part of planning, not an afterthought.”
I know this. I deserve someone who will take me out and WANT to be seen with me. Someone who's hand I can hold ANYWHERE.
Yep. It's Tuesday. That only means one thing.....Glee!!! Actually it's weigh in day but let's talk Glee for just a sec. OK? Great.
See you in the gym,
I had to write more often and be consistent, to know my intentions and what I am trying to achieve with my blog.
When Momma got the first bits of cash, she went out and bought a huge Christmas tree, and surprised Poppa and Rosie with a big turkey dinner to boot!!
Mr Brons is currently embroiled in a bitter dispute with Mr Griffin after he contested the leadership of the party last May.
I know to some of you this is on par with watching Jersey Shore and dressing our kids in “I Want to Grow up to Be a Kardashian” t-shits. I understand. I am acutely aware of the corporate monster behind the mouse and as well as the bread and circuses aspects of visiting a fantasy-land like WDW. I’m right there with you.
We are so used to seeing Katy Perry in her beautiful wide eyed look with a bubblegum pink lip that when we saw the visual of her for March edition of Interview magazine looking uber sexy with a hint of an Amy Winehouse look we couldn't wait to recreate this look.
Chill until serving. Garnish with whipped topping, caramel
4:00 – The Ellen Degeneres Show (NBC): Robert Downey Jr. and Scarlett Johansson show up to talk about The Avengers! Hurray!
More than to the visionary his cell:
The Oracle (via the card) seems to want to specifically address the change having to do with changes in emotional happiness—or maybe that’s my own interpretation. Anyway…
Ugh, Neil LaBute, ugh. He’s often described as “edgy” or “controversial,” and as is often true with other artists described in those terms, that translates to “nasty” and “boring.” I didn’t intend to take on the American premiere of his latest, In a Forest, Dark and Deep, but I didn’t read my editor’s schedule closely enough and found myself reviewing it last Thursday. (I should add that I did my best to go in with an open mind and see this production for what it was, rather than what I expected it to be.) There’s no question that LaBute can write decent dialogue and quickly take an audience to new depths of discomfort, and that’s a talent. But to do so without once writing a convincing female character is hackish. And to claim that you want to explore issues of truth and intimacy in your play, but then making your play clearly take sides and pass moral judgments, is dishonest.
i may have to go back over there sometime and get pictures of the inside to share with you.....
2 oppose
Fishy you've won it with:
11) 3 Lessons Every Writer, Speaker, Blogger, and Musician Can Learn from Led Zeppelin Sometimes staying true to your art grabs the multitudes. But more often it does not. Staying true to yourself and faithful to your calling should always be the goal.
Director : Mario Camerini
Hey guys! I am so happy to be over here today :) and am excited to offer all you bloggers, shop owners, social media gurus, you get the idea? a little treat!
There was a time in the afternoon where it looked like all of it wouldn't fit, but my men have a knack for packing and eventually got it all in there! They picked the trailer up this evening and we will meet it next week in Missouri! It was kind of surreal watching our things drive away. It was good too though, to realize it's just stuff, it can all be replaced, what's important is the people in our lives.
Other suggestions, don’t let them watch horror movies with you, don’t discuss how you’re sure aliens DO abduct people in the night, and don’t chase the two-year old around the house with a two-foot tall replica of the Cloverfield Monster. Like most insanely fun things, you will pay for it.
Hope you like it!! Have a fab day!
Oh my gosh, a panda!
While I agree with Josh that college administrators capture and waste a larger portion of the rents and that the withdrawal of state support dramatically increased the economic load of higher ed for non-wealthy families, I cannot come anywhere close to agreeing with the last couple sentences of the quoted portion.
The last Movie Monday answer was
drip
Schlafly - Christmas Ale
-Anyone That Thinks They Are A “Dream Interpreter” – It seems like everyone thinks they’re a dream interpreter these days. Ok, fine, I’ll tell you about my dream.
Baldrick: "What I want to know sir is before there was a Euro there were lots of different types of money that different people used. And now there's only one type of money that the foreign people use. And what I want to know is, how did we get from one state of affairs to the other state of affairs"
Black night, I left my quivering prints.
-I am sad that Cooper won't get to have the memories me and the girls have
The new Giveaway seems to attract some attention, I promise that La Mia Boutique issue will not disappoint. I reduced the giveaway period to 2 weeks, it seems there is a lot of freebees I have to give to my lovely readers, that monthly draw is just not often enough! Good for you ))))
Because not only can I get through it, but I can overcome the reading and finish my assignments...(besides I have to :)
You are not alone in this new place, this other place, this grey and misty morning.
- Why don't you just clean this area and throw all this crap in the trash?
“Couldn't hazard a guess really. I mean, it hasn't got a label. I doubt its collectable.”
And yet is a novel view.
This cosy draped cardigan in navy wool is my best friend in the battle to layer up against the schizophrenic London weather! If I feel so much as a breeze coming on I reach for this to throw over everything else I'm wearing to take the chill off. Its length makes it great as a cover up over maxi dresses and it scrunches up small enough to fit into my bag.
A huge thank-you to Chris and Lazz for the invite as the day will hold many fond memories for many different reasons. From laughing at ‘over-refreshed’ ex test cricketers attempting to cough up a lung and launch a ‘ground strike’ from the other end at the same time in the gents toilets, to the almost surreal sight of seeing ex English test off spinner, John Emburey, graciously holding court with a large bloke called Scotty who plays in the fourths for a Geelong based team. The wily old bowler was so generous with his time for Scotty and his well-oiled mates and the scene was almost surreal with John offering advice on team success and Scotty following up with “A bloke once asked me what me ‘wagon wheel’ looks like and I told ‘im I ate it!! HAH!!”
Busy, isn’t it! The center of the quilt is a single piece of fabric. I still need to finish the four patch border and add the outside border. Hopefully this week.
***This worldview doesn’t simply say we are without excuse and show how we are without excuse. It provides a singular path to renewal. A singular path means that there is one absolute way which aligns with the reality of one absolute God (i.e. it makes sense). Multiple ways contradicts the idea of there being an absolute God.****
Disclosure: All products were sniffed and purchased by the reviewer.
asafoetida powder - 1/2 tspn.
Best Original Film Score
Let’s jump ahead a little to the Book of Acts. Just to set the stage, Christ had already been crucified, risen from the dead, and was wrapping up forty days of ministering about things pertaining to the kingdom of God. Jesus shares some important final words with the Apostles, “Now when He had spoken these things, while they watched, He was taken up, and a cloud received Him out of their sight” (Acts 1:9). Again, a cloud was used as an apparent door through which Christ entered as He ascended to Heaven to join the Father.
Without their leader Kane (their story starts a little earlier, good luck figuring that out), Nod has been reduced to in-fighting between the warring generals. They wouldn’t show you the execution unless this was you, the man who had to give up the coveted role of “evil Russian henchmen #7<U+2033> from whatever Schwarzenegger film they were shooting that year.
– to the courts of the Member State in which the trade mark is registered
However, not everyone was pleased at seeing him. Sharshar's look of hate and contempt from where he sat with his assistants couldn't be disguised. He was always present at the gatherings, they presented him with the chance to consolidate his public relations and reaffirm his status as the sole psychic in Qabqab. Mr. Think realized that his fun for the evening had already begun.
VG: I don’t know. It would be great to see ‘The Coward’s Tale’ out there in lots of languages - but the prose is very lyrical in places, and it mirrors a south Wales dialect. I guess that is not easy to translate. Fingers crossed indeed.
Tryndamere: I’m sure you boys will get along just fine.
After what I can only assume is the worst night of sleep in my entire life (the air mattress I slept on collapsed under my burly weight), I awoke around 8 AM and felt the curious sensation of having a deflated balloon attached to the roof of my mouth. I swallowed once and felt a large flap of something undulating in my throat. My first inclination was to assume William and Javen had played a mischievous prank on me by placing something in my mouth as I slept, and I briefly looked forward to the sure-to-follow digital photo documenting the hilarity at my expense. But when I realized everyone else was still comatose, I flipped the hell out.
It’s something that we do
Notus, Idaho – April 16, 1999: 15-year-old Shawn Cooper fired two shotgun rounds in his school, narrowly missing students. He was taking a prescribed SSRI antidepressant and Ritalin.
001:002 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was
In the UK, we have seen how the Metropolitan Police have cracked down on the criminal elements of student unrest in London. Should not the Egyptian authorities be encouraged to follow their example?
In their struggle to maintain racial minority supremacy, black civil rights leaders regularly invoke the one-drop rule. The one-drop rule states that anyone who has even a drop of black blood is considered black. The rule was once used by white racists in the South. They thought that anyone who had a drop of black blood was contaminated, so to speak. Just a drop of black blood made them both intellectually and morally inferior.
Information stored in the cloud also means that you won’t need to rely on wires to get that information back onto your Android device. Simply connect to the internet, connect to your cloud server of choice, and bring that data back into your phone.
Please remember there are a few rules you should follow before entering the Challenge:
Rubber Duckie, I'm awfully fond of you;
Belinda
Her comments followed the tweets: “@shilpitewari it has to be consensual or else he can much better/younger girls if he wants to exploit.”
Bowling and entertainment options are available at Amoeba and movie enthusiasts can catch some of the latest silver screen releases at the multiplex, Cinepolis. The mall has been a one-stop destination mall for fun-filled outings as well. The executive director of the mall, Ganesh Rao, says, “Our endeavour is to provide a one-stop lifestyle destination for fashion, food and entertainment that makes for a good shopping experience for families.”
I have some plans for the other containers. Especially for the little yogourt cups! You will have to wait and see, but maybe you can guess?
Ring finger - whiteboard :D
I made a template for the squares with an opaque milk bottle
You may have read a recent article in PW called "Self-Published Titles Topped 764,000 in 2009 as Traditional Output Dipped," about the amazing growth in "non-traditional" (a.k.a. print-on-demand-produced) books.
Sorry but I needed to get that out and I'm sure there is more coming so I apologize if I offend anyone's sensibilities but I have cancer so fuck your sensibilities. As one of the nurses said to me yesterday when she heard that Nathan and I have cancer at the same time and were diagnosed 9 days apart, "This is some shit!" It is. It is beyond absurd to me.
In Certified Copy, we watch a British writer (opera singer William Shimell) and a French antiques dealer (Juliette Binoche, in a virtuoso performance) spend a great deal of time talking with one another and wandering around Tuscany. At first, they seem like strangers, but by the end, they interact as if they were a married couple. It's not the case that the "true" nature of their relationship is progressively revealed to us, superseding previous iterations. Rather, every face their relationship presents to us feels equally "real." It's rather fitting that the plot of Certified Copy revolves around a relationship, a bond that only exists between two individuals, with one foot planted in each person's subjectivity. No one half of a couple can unilaterally claim ownership of the relationship -- relationships exist only in the space between people. The experience of Certified Copy exists only in the space between the phenomena and images of the film and our ever-fluctuating perception of and response to them.
Channel 3 - Airborne (Enigma 1984)
E.T.: THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL (John Williams)
We also shared the Chicken Lettuce Wraps for $9.99. They were good. Nothing I would dream about but good.
If you're not familiar with Tuli's blog, do pay it a visit - she is blogging mainly about nail related subjects; featuring lots of gorgeous nail polish pics and reviews, but also sometimes she blogs about daily life, cooking, and travel/trips. Being located in Israel, she writes her blog in both Hebrew and English - I find that amazing!
What would you do? And if you want to see how Stasi handles this, pick up a copy of Wicked By Any Other Name.
Whatever it is we’re afraid of, one thing holds true… that, by the time the pain of not doing a thing, gets worse than the fear of doing it, it can feel like we’re carrying around a giant tumor.
We went to another church, where there was a window depicting a saint whose name I've forgotten, but who was rather petulantly showing us a graze on his knee. Marina recognised him, apparently he was rather badly wounded but his dog licked his injuries which miraculously healed at once. Presumably, the sore knee was the final hurt that the dog hadn't licked yet, but the flirty yet indignant display of knee was highly entertaining.
"Because you wouldn't obey me and took Uriah's wife for yourself, your family will never live in peace. Someone from your own family will cause you a lot of trouble, and I will take your wives and give them to another man before your very eyes. He will go to bed with them while everyone looks on. What you did was in secret, but I will do this in the open for everyone in Israel to see."
If you haven’t noticed my recent “Flower of the Month” (Opuntia Humifusa,) here’s another glimpse: a different prickly pear bloom is just about to open:
(straight guys and lesbians - make your choice from section B)
I have naturally light blue eyes, so finding circle lenses that don't look toooo crazy is always kinda a challenge. I hope this blog will help girls with light eyes who want circle lenses! I have a couple other lenses that I can put reviews about up.
As the Crown owned the committee known as the British government there was no problem getting the British taxpayer to pay for naval and military forces to maintain the Crown’s supremacy in these areas.
Ah, a question where I don't have to be waffle-y. While I enjoy reading short stories every once in awhile, I prefer full length novels. I enjoy losing myself in the world that a novel creates, and I like the fact that it takes me awhile to get through a novel.
Btw this entire post (which has nothing to do with Brooklyn) is all written to support my graphic, of which I find cool and refreshing.
I hope you will take the Challenge and create your own projects with Flips, Folds, and The Stampsmith!! I can't wait to see what you come up with!!
I go and look and find it in his study. He’s very relieved. In a joint effort, we pay for his petrol remotely, using his credit card.
My favorite: the alliteration of "Penis Privates Peeing."
The beer tax I’ve addressed in a previous blog entry. The cigarette tax I favor outright. Cigarettes kill. They killed my father, and the second-hand smoke probably contributed to the cancers that three of my sisters have so far survived. As far as I’m concerned, tax the hell out of it. Recoup the full costs of tobacco; be punitive if we must. Price it out of reach, for all I care.
Steven Paul Geller, 52, New York, N.Y.
He thinks there is too much of the camera, not enough of me in them. i.e he believes the reason I like them so much is not because of subject or content, but the fisheye and xpro effects. And that these belong to the camera, and not to me. He thinks they get in the way of his enjoyment of the picture, that they're like a barrier between him and what he otherwise would have felt when he looked at the pictures.
Katie stood in front of him now, her hands on her hips. “Because if they can do that to you, they can do it to any of our tutors.”
Her theory lies in that I was in fact the love child of two circus freak performers and as such I was so hideous that even they didn’t want me. Trooper Bob and Nurse Meme being the giving loving people they were overlooked my hideousness and instead graciously took me into their home.
I DID get a cake yesterday, but Mom said since it was chocolate I couldn't have any.
Lately I’ve been meditating and going within. I am trying to tap into my brain’s potential and use it to create the life I want.
Wazznia at Brux's expense, or would they say to one another, "there'll
Strong as I should be
Decide on the refreshments: In addition to the above, I had kid's party triangle tea sandwiches (peanut butter & jelly, ham and cheese, etc) and a lot of water and soft drinks in the 8 oz. cans. The cookies were prepared by Anne Bustard and the sandwiches and cupcakes came from Central Market.
he engaged Jimmy with a Glock;
Chipboard letter-mostly from Breezy Design
July 21-31: Songs written and recorded the day of. Can be any genre, but can’t be able to be categorized in the other schedule bits.
...makes me happy.
Obama wisely urges that we ramp up alternatives to fossil fuels. But he has also urged that we explore “clean coal,” a proposal that sends environmentalists screaming away. You’re imagining Obama’s opposition to fossil fuels. Windmills? He’s said we should produce them in the U.S., and not buy them from foreign producers — keep the jobs at home. Do you favor sending those jobs off-shore?
#2. make sure people know what it is.
Attendees can go to anywhere from 3 to 5 workshops (the pre- and post-conference workshops cost extra, 3 are included in the cost of attending) and they are categorized into family/caregiver, faith-based, and professional. A pre-conference and regular workshop are held on Friday afternoon/evening and two workshops plus the post-conference workshop are held on a Saturday.
Reduce the heat and cook until the cream is hot - you may want to reduce it a bit more.
From Ashenvale to Orgrimmar, we weren’t constrained by anything as small or insignificant as a map, we fought, we played and then we, winners and losers danced on.
Similarly, the Singapore Exchange’s approach to Australia’s ASX was rebuffed earlier this year….but you’ll find plenty of the MoU’s who think the Aussies should’ve gone ahead. However, not many of them are Australian. The fact is that, with DB and Euronext, TMS and the LSE, and Singapore and the ASX, nationalism showed that it is still a potent force. In fact, it is the only force standing in the way of consolidation. Market forces may yet prove to be stronger….and meanwhile, little you and me are, as usual, nowhere except unconsulted.
And Romanticism? Its music still has the strongest appeal to audiences for classical music - not all, of course, but a distinct majority. You want "popular classics"? You get Tchaikovsky. So it is not dead. Twisted, certainly, but defunct, not at all. Most of us still, somewhere, believe in the redemptive power of love - don't we? - and the current craze for vampire movies suggests that maybe we even want to believe, at some level, in the supernatural. But the destruction of a soul through lack of love, and that lack of love, and tenderness, and compassion, and kindness, and idealism, as a comment on our society, is taking hold. Maybe we should take notice.
Another disaster struck as Cayce’s wife Gertrude Evans also fell ill and steadily worsened. The doctors told Cayce behind Gertrude’s back that she was afflicted with tuberculosis and was dying. In those days, there was no cure for tuberculosis. This time Cayce gave a reading for his wife. “Sleeping” Cayce came up with a compound prescription and asked the medication to be mixed with apple brandy and put in a charred oak keg. The doctors thought that such treatments were useless. However, two days after taking the drug, Gertrude’s fever diminished. Several months later she had completely recovered.
It was hard to get a dial tone as I stood at my office window staring up a quarter mile. The view was one of the finest in the city, clear and formidable. I always worked with the towers watching me over my shoulder. When I put in late nights, the lights would incrementally twinkle on as if the buildings were two giant Christmas trees.
MARCH 1: Nathan Connally, 19, was shot about 2:30 a.m. near Dover and Soquel drives in Live Oak. He stumbled to an apartment at 2500 Soquel Drive and died there minutes later, according to sheriff’s deputies. Authorities released a surveillance video that showed Connally walking with another man before the shooting. That man, who has not been identified, is not a suspect in the case. Deputies have not said what motivated the shooting. No one has been arrested. Connally lived in Santa Cruz.
Sizzix: Labels Collection Framelits dies
I drove to the University of Tennessee's arboretum, where I walked and shot with the Nikon - the sun was that perfect morning golden. I haven't uploaded any of those pictures, so I don't know what I've got on my big girl camera yet.
"The Song of Songs" was recently released on Dutton Laboratories in a historic recording, but this is an infinitely more luscious sounding interpretation with some wonderful playing from the RPO under Handley. The conductor understands Bantockian idioms in an uncanny sort of way especially in the "Omar Khayyam" sequences, these need an oriental passion and lingering sense of mysticism to bring off, qualities which Handley espouses almost to perfection. I found the "Caristiona" wonderful in its almost mystical effects, this is music on the highest inspirational planes, demonstrating Bantock's supreme gift at orchestrating such legendary subjects. The "Processional" is also extremely beautiful, at times one can almost get lost in the swirling sound world that envelops the music.
From his holding.
The plot, although not terribly inventive, is quickly paced and has a few suspenseful moments- a mother seeks answers and revenge for her teenage daughter's abduction. This book contains quite a bit of cussing and perversion, which I don't remember from previous books in the series.
the stamps I used all Unity stamps..
Cosmopoetry, sometimes termed astropoetry or astrohumanism, is a genre of poetry focused on the stars and the cosmos and our relation to astronomical phenomena. Underlying cosmopoetry is the belief that our petty human-scale strife and quarrels are diminished to near invisibility (or at least irrelevance) when viewed against the enormity of the cosmos. Indeed, cosmopoetry seeks to find that which unites us rather than divides us.
-We are twins
black + white = grey
114110 Fishing
Lake Caspian. Watching a young boy squeal in delight as he submerges his naked body in that frigid water. Brave I tell you. Apparently our offspring still require 80 degree pools for they barely made it past their toes. I didn't even touch it ;-)
Most importantly, though, we are talking five years downstream, looking at what were predictable and avoidable flaws in the operation, which were clearly apparent at the time, and about which we were continuously writing. The committee records, for instance, concerns about protected vehicles, but only addresses this issue in terms of the Snatch Land Rover. Thus, it has Brigadier Butler say:
Otherwise, dear friends and visitors, I wish you an awesome Summer filled with many wonderful adventures. I will see you August 1st and we will all catch up!
Back to work tomorrow. That oughta spice things up.
You’re vocals make you sound sweet, but is this really the case?
A couple of years ago, I had the opportunity, or possibly the misfortune, to spend a lot of time around some really dumb people who did a lot a dumb things.
Be Safe: Stay out of harm’s way
So why I chose the looks (provided in the attatchments) are because they
Determined to keep at least a few more fabulous designers from my list, I came up with a concept that will bring you even more CAS-ual inspiration on a daily basis.
And I don't care. Bitch had it coming.
This is the first day of their activity. They intend to come here in Tuesday and Wednesday this week as well.
Many-cache organizes the small, distributed memories on an FPGA into application-specific caches, each targeting a particular data structure or region of memory in an application and each customized for the particular memory operations that access it.
1088. Dinner Plate @ the Mundy Household (Charlotte, NC) 6:14 p.m.
How long have you got? Swallows and Amazons, probably, but also the Narnia books and Winnie the Pooh. If we’re talking younger than that: Asterix, Each Peach Pear Plum, The Jolly Postman, Brambley Hedge, Tim and Charlotte, Captain Pugwash…
*The Topshop Outlet is in the Broadwalk Centre in Edgware. If you are living nearby it's definitely worth checking out. However if you live further afield, it might not be worth a specific visit, as it is a very small store, and I can't guarentee the quality of stock.
you know the whole mutual friend thing who I am no longer friends with etc etc
*Update* Aug 14, 2010
Genre(s): Black Metal
* As is the mother, so is her daughter. Ezekiel 16:4
But mine were pitifully worn out, so in the trash they went. I was shocked to learn that I had underwear from five boyfriends ago. A decade’s worth of undies was still under my roof long after the lover for whom they were purchased for his viewing pleasure was out the door.
My mind is wandering across all sorts of options for my flags, but I am thinking paper so it slowly disappears in the weather, as it faces rain and sun and wind and fog and dew.
The IP Finance Institute is the unit of the Italian University Politecnico di Torino which focuses on the economics and financial aspects of intellectual property. As a non-profit organization, the IP Finance Institute promotes and develops know-how transfer, research initiatives and projects relating to IP as an economic asset and its use in IP-based financing solutions.
Accessories: SRM Press (sentiment), gems by Hero Arts
Bully does what documentaries at their best often do, they hold up a mirror to the cultures we live in and are surrounded by—and what we see is not always pretty.
Prediction. (OKC win 4-2)
Well, in addition to the service, the food was delicious and when our waiter brought around the desserts to choose from, I opted for the crème brulee. I don’t know what possessed me to order that because I am NOT an adventuresome eater, but for some reason I thought it would have chocolate in it.
Added to this international recognition are the great accolades that have been flowing in at home while I’ve been away. In the New Zealand Herald recently was an article about elective surgery, which clearly acknowledged that CMDHB is taking a national lead in delivering elective services. We’ve had a few fantastic pieces on One News, including a recent piece about hand reconstruction surgery. And we’ve been most fortunate to have Sir Mansel Aylward with us as our first visiting chair at Ko Awatea.
Flopping, diving and overall “gamesmanship” is ruining sports – at every level. The last soccer World Cup (and whether you like soccer or not, the World Cup is the biggest sports event in the world other than maybe the Olympics) was regularly marred by players “simulating fouls” (or diving), and just Saturday, a player in my son’s middle school game (on the opposing team, thank God) threw himself to the ground without contact in an effort to take a charge (maybe in another post I’ll cover how idiotic charge taking is). To their eternal credit, yesterday’s middle school officials didn’t fall for the ruse, but because of the speed of the games compared to the speed of the officials at higher levels, far too often officials are duped and reward this garbage behavior.
Mini System Test 5/ First Systems Episode 1
Enter problem 2: Romeo was PETRIFIED of water.
I feel as if I’d be more capable of spreading the faith through lay ministry rather than priesthood. I love love love the Sacraments, and I absolutely adore the Holy Eucharist. However I don’t particularly feel a desire to administer them. I more feel a need to spread the love of them and teach others about how awesome they are! The graces that they extend to people like me with a sinful past, and how they provide hope for us all.
The hood was also redesigned the front of Toyota SW4 2012 follows the same line of the truck, with modifications in the design of the bumper, which received a black mask in the fog headlights. The main headlights were also redesigned.
I understand this. I really do. But it seems to me that what this fails to take into account is that people can't just care for themselves and improve things when there honestly isn't any money and worse than that, their fellow countrymen are oppressing and abusing them. What is an 8-year-old child, alone on the streets, supposed to do? The answer I get when I ask people that question is that it's tough to leave that 8-year-old, but we must, because the more we step in, the more we absolve adults of responsibility and perpetuate the cycle.
Twa wurds that have struck fear intae the hearts o' men since aroun' tha dawn o' time. These great bastes roamed Ireland, and Ulster besides, a wheen o' millian years hence*. A lock o' them wur manaters, but oers ate plants, may they are less interestin.
The interviews comes the same day as a new report says that Justice Department investigators may try to charge him with a hate crime, and they are thought to be using the alleged murmuring on the 911 call to argue he said a racial slur before fatally shooting the teen.
1. Sunshine Islands
I made the welcome sign using a presentation board from Target. They also have these awesome black letters to use for school presentations that made my life easier since I usually cut everything out from a stencil. Note to husband: would love Cricut for next birthday.
Breckenridge BBQ & Brew Pub Regal Pilsner
I make no promises that I will get it done in the next four months, pre-baby, but I'll do my darndest. In the meantime, I have the whole year. ;) I actually do have a gift I have to make for someone from over a year ago on another similar agreement, but I'll be good this year, I promise.
The punk rock kids had been participating in a charity concert to help orphaned children when the raid occurred. The Deputy Mayor behind the crackdown said of the punks' charitable endeavor:
I cut slashes in the front of the jeans (making sure not to cut through to the back). I started a few inches below crotch level and stopped about 3 inches from the bottom so you couldn't see my socks through the slashes. I cut the slashes pretty thick at first but then added more inbetween to make them thinner.
Let's get this into perspective. I took a group of Swiss students into the National Marine Aquarium in Plymouth one year for an environmental writing session. I learned that a shark is killed I believe every three seconds, day and night, somewhere in the world, whereas humans killed by shark each year only amount to a dozen, and many of these killings are apparently either in self-defence (struggling on the floor of a fishing boat having been landed) or by accident – mistaking a human for a seal (they usually let go once they realise). And I was touched (hard to imagine, isn't it, being engaged by a shark with anything other than trepidation or fear, or at most curiosity) by young Enzo – a little shark (can't remember what type) who was so 'scared' of the dark that if they switched the tank lights off at night he invariably threw himself out of the water into the 'deck'.
Today, I’m here to let you in on a little secret, TPS paralegals. It’s about the one thing you need to possess for just 20 seconds in order to succeed in the paralegal world, and for that matter, the “regular” world too. You Interested? Fantastic! Sip that cup of Joe or that ice cold Diet Coke, and delve right in, my friends. Your 20 second success plan awaits…
I really didn’t want this to happen, but here I am acting as if this cat is my child. I promise I’m still a dog person. I am!
Two posts in one day and the day is still young! LOL...
Mountains and seas are stirred to their depths, *
I looked around the pier and saw three other people besides us. One of them, an old man, stood down at the end, watching us. He looked at the bucket and smiled at me.
So really, you don’t need to answer the question “who am I?” right away, or even explicitly at all. Most of us operate under a nom de plume anyway, the digital equivalent of trucker or ham radio “handles”, and that’s how we are known. That’s part of the beauty of this internet thing; I’m Tesh, the guy who writes this blog. My real name isn’t important, nor are silly things like skin color, weight, clothing, or any of the other superficial things that people are judged and prejudged by. My articles can stand on their own merit or lack thereof, my ideas and my writing have a purity of presentation that might not be possible in other venues. To be sure, there’s a sense of common courtesy and even subtle undercurrents of online politics and agendas that one may run afoul of, but for the most part, this blogging thing is remarkably clear of a lot of cruft that other modes of communication deal with. There’s just something… pristine about words on a “page” that makes for a nice philosophical playground.
- Blood oranges $1.99/lb ($4.39/kg, USA, Sunkist)
83. Caddyshack (Bill Murray)
I'll also make post when I do actually buy the items.
There are more boxing movies out there than you may well be aware of, and all of them - more or less - follow the same formula: fighter with heart struggles up from nothing to make it to the top of the heap.
Teachers would have a greater chance at observing and identifying abuse if they had the same awareness and prevention information. In fact the entire school should be required to have the same information. Therefore, I believe that all degree and certificate programs should require a teacher to be certified in a course albeit continuing education or part of obtaining their degree to include child sexual abuse education.
Many years ago someone told me that if you were interested in a particular historical period then it meant that you had lived there in a previous life. I don't buy into reincarnation (really, not at all) but I am a history buff, and there are several periods and places that I read about obsessively. And when my "time travel" superpower reveals itself, I will be visiting the following places:
You are interested too. You have such a curiosity about you. You look at the sky and marvel that you get to be human and have the ability to look at the sky yet you also consider that you are quite little in size in reality. Not irrelevant of course. You are totally relevant!
And today's question?--What would you contribute to a post-apocalyptic world???
There are a number of similarity in the cities--but, since this is a specialized blog, I'll confine myself to beer. Much as in Oregon, there is a thriving market for micros in Maine. The state, with a population of just 1.2 million, has 25 breweries. Portland, with just 63,000 people, has eight. When you go to a pub (which look a lot like English-influenced Oregon pubs), you'll find a number of local taps. When I went into the supermarket to buy beers for review, there were perhaps a dozen local offerings (making my decision difficult). And when you go to the airport, there's a local brewpub--Shipyard--offering fresh pints. The beers are mostly British-influenced ales, and are tastier, more robust, and hoppier than any region outside West Coast.
The movie SUPER 8 has superb dialogue, especially between the kids. It’s realistic and revealing. Here is a scene at the beginning of the movie at a wake. A short conversation between two adults looking out of the window at teen boy on a swing in the snow tells us it’s the boy’s mother who died. His friends are gathered around the food table.
While not directly campaigning, the President toured the receding flood waters in Paterson NJ on Sunday. There, he met with local residents and promised to help in the rebuilding of the city from Hurricane Irene's relentless damage.
3.) Old Pictures Find some old pictures of yourself. I’m sure that at some point you had a better body… and looking at old photographs of yourself… can definitely motivate you.
And my current 'love' are my knitted bags,and after having to sadly say good-bye to my brown and cream bag which was part of my giveaway (congratulations Tracey from Patchwork Chickens) I have started on a new bag but a different colorway ..... browns, mauve and lilac.
The game times out with the Vikings only losing a total of 5 bases and not one single battle group, The French suffered badly losing 5 battle groups, four I think were Nights. So a good win for the Vikings … Whaoooo. Using the tournament scoring it would have been a 15 to 5 win for the Vikings.
and, just like last year, he made an extra special christmas gift in his toy shoppe,
a house of prayer for all nations”.
The maintenance of strong client relationships rightly remains a huge competitive weapon for law firms. The existence of secure personal bonds with leading clients has enabled small and medium sized firms to retain very significant clients who might normally be expected to use larger or better known firms. Again, however, I can identify at least three problem areas. The first is the obvious truth that although some friendships endure for a long time, many relationships tend to atrophy naturally over a period. Clients can outgrow firms, move away from the locality, or change jobs, and accordingly fresh relationships constantly need to be forged and new clients have to be sought. The second problem is that some client loyalties are to individual lawyers rather than the firm and can therefore be lost if the partner leaves, retires or dies. The third issue is that client loyalties seem to have become somewhat strained during the recession. One reason for this might be that whilst loyal and long-standing clients are not always as fee sensitive as new clients, nevertheless they may in some cases may feel that advantage has been taken of them, or that they have been taken for granted. Reliance therefore on the loyalty of an existing client base carries enormous risk as key clients may become impossible to replace.
But of course - one of the members of Barnsley heavy metallers Saxon. Who else?
1. Plan Your Own Vacation
Passion is geared toward college students, and you’ve said Passion City Church will have the same DNA. Do you expect your parishioners to be largely young adults?
Exclamation points,
Dervla Kirwan – Miss Hartigan
Among people I don't know so well, I suppose I operate best if there is something to do. A small project, if you will. I meet with New Orleans once again. The city, really, it knows its daughter, no matter how far I go. Once dressed as Frida, I busy myself with face-painting others. The comic nature of the situation is quietly addressed once or twice.
Eyes: Kawaii Floral Eyes-Green- Spalsh! ( Kawaii Fair Item)
Licensed product/licensed process/Licensed apparatus. The definitions of these terms should be tied into the patent rights and know-how to be exchanged under the licence. They represent the basis for collecting royalty payments. The licensed product may be covered by patents only, while the licensed process used to manufacture the product may be covered by patents and/or know-how. Equipment in the licensed apparatus can also be covered by either patents, know-how or both.
Our spelling quizzes are on Thursday and kids don't get their new words until Friday, so on Thursday, I have included the option of writing a response to the book they have been reading all week. This can look like any of the following:
Some 200 neighbours turned up on the Sunday for their annual serving of ‘arros’ (shellfish and pork) ‘mandoguiles i butifarra’ (meatballs and sausages) and ‘flam’ (baked custard) all washed down with wine, cava, ratafia (walnut liqueur) etc. Suitably fuelled the dancing commenced sedately with the ‘sardana’ followed by a mix of two step, jive, waltza and as evening fell the front of La Rectoria took on the form of a discoteque.
On a side note, I'm officially an aunty of 13! Remember this baby shower? Yup, I have 13 nieces and nephews now, and the 13th was just born a few days ago and I am officially in love with her. This cake was actually made right before the baby was born. Can't wait to see her grows up and feed her cakes to maintain those chubby cheeks :)
As long as he feels loved I will fight for him against all odds and in defiance of criticism
So this image is a MUST have, eaven though I really shouldnt
on sale for $3.59
I found this necklace at a little open air market in Buenos Aires. I hope I get to go back there some day, especially now that I can call myself an Argentine tango dancer. But the main thing I want to go back there for is to make more unique wardrobe acquisitions!
So there you have it, my top ten all time favorite DIY projects of 2011. Here's hoping I have some good ones for next year as well. If I have Pinterest to inspire me it should be a good year.
Saturday afternoon we made cards to send to various people we each wished to encourage. I can't post mine here because they haven't been sent yet, despite it being me who said we should all take stamped addressed envelopes with us so we could post on the way home. I forgot.
But what I'd like to know (granted that the security people were only doing their job and doing it brilliantly and actually were very pleasant and I have every respect and sympathy for them) is this: having established that the offending item was only ("only") an artificial brain, why did they still think that every damned item in my bag needed swabbing and sniffing? Is it the case that someone carrying an artificial brain and some flapjacks is in any way more likely to be an international terrorist? And why did they also take my perfume away and subject it to chemical analysis? Because I was carrying a plastic brain? Is it written somewhere that someone carrying a plastic brain is statistically more likely also to be disguising Issy Miyake as something dangerous? It's the rule book what's wrong, not the excellent staff. It's not well designed for catching people who really might cause damage, not flapjack-carrying unfortunates like moi.
Read how Joy, the proud Mama of five, makes her home a haven, but first here's a bit of info about her:
Moon looked up at his master and smiled before speeding off into the long grass.
UK Shakespearean company Propeller is an odd beast. Under the artistic direction of Edward Hall, its mission is to refresh Shakespeare using physical theatre. With this goes an attempt to recreate the rough-house theatre of Elizabethan times: without claiming that Propeller is a theatrical version of those early music groups that play baroque scores using authentic instruments of the time, the company calls on some familiar tropes of the Elizabethan theatre, reworking them for a contemporary audience.
It is not just the free movement of capital that is bad for us. The free movement of labour is bad for us too: as the authors observe, “mass inward migration … kept downward pressure on labour costs in the private sector.”
For me personally, this learning experience turned into a beautiful, memorable moment in time. Why not enjoy the many natural wonders that Mother Nature has to offer with family, friends, or even experience them solo? It may be too late to enjoy the Harvest Moon this time around, yet there are so many other natural wonders that await your arrival.
So we've settled on a caravan near Lindisfarne - £110 for four nights (including £20 for the dog). Not quite the same but, then again, I've not been in a caravan for ages and, after all, it's only a base.
Florida A&M University is the nation’s largest Historically Black University, graduating more African Americans than any other university in the nation. The FAMU-NAA Black History Scholarship Luncheon has grown over the past 18 years to become one of the key events for Black History Month in Los Angeles. In that time, the FAMU NAA Southern California Alumni Chapter has raised more than $850,000 and provided scholarships to over 145 California students attending FAMU.
because you migrate here in such numbers, take our houses, jobs and our future.
The members of our merry dining crew have all been terribly spoilt by the generosity of Mr and Mrs Pig Flyin'. Our original aim was to rotate as hosts for roving dinner parties, but lately it's all been about Chez Pig. Pig Flyin cooks with such selfless generosity and unparalleled effort that we can never resist another invite. And it always beggars belief that Pig Flyin' is an entirely self-taught cook who works in IT.
It was just a minute later than both Grandma and I realised he was now happily repeating the phrases- IN ENGLISH. The nice lady on the tape was instructing cheerfully, "Now it's your turn, say you are on holiday" - and Boy 2 piped up : " I am on holiday"...now urged the lady, "Say you come from London" - "I come from London" chirrups Boy 2.
seemed closer to the conventionally feminine than the likes of
After I was left holding a pile of lost dreams, I had a few choices to make. What I kept hearing was that I was not good enough, that my voice did not matter enough. But I know better.
cleaner of some sort, you are both right and wrong. It is not just a cleaner but a Probiotic cleaner. Think
The Rosenwald Fund was also one of the original backers of the Tuskegee Syphilis Study. With support from the Rosenwald Fund, an ambitious program had begun to improve the health of African Americans in US southern states in 1928. Emphasis was on treating people with syphilis, then found at a high rate in poor African-American communities.
Here's a short video (less than 2 mins) of the Festival from the foodie perspective. It's in French but I think it captures the atmosphere perfectly.
8. White short sleeved blouse (Laura Ashley from a charity shop 2008)
Edmondson: It came up during the last tour, we do these Bottom tours, two hours of live sitcom. We tour around Britain and we stay in a lot of hotels. We’ve stayed in a lot of crap hotels and the idea sort of grew from that.
Strangely, I am blocked in writing this blog right now. I wonder if this means I should stop or keep on eking out these little fragments? (do you eke? eek? is this even a word?) Yet I am spurting forth today, the essay book. Actually this is causing me some anxiety, the flow. I am dangerously writing TOO much, I am being TOO excessive, this book about the excessive. Although to me the flow the purge is better than the block. At least psychically. Yesterday....NOTHING came. And I wrapped myself in melancholy, I sobbed in the shower, I went to the Whole Foods and sat outside in the 80-something heat and ate vegan egg rolls. I bought guacomole and almond milk chocolate ice cream. I think I'm getting my period. But sometimes this life of being alone and writing is absolutely agonizing. I want to be done with the book, and take a break, and go to coffeeshops and read. That's all I want to do, is go to a coffeeshop and read Thomas Bernhard novels or something. I'm not very good at working too much, staying disciplined for too long. Like today, I had a good day, then I crawled in bed and watched Glee. I don't even like Glee.
A chef hat on his head and a knife in his hand.
Seven by Josh Nelson
Today I pimped a gift bag for Angelique from Scrap & More to encourage her. She had a surgery yesterday. I hope she will like it...
High on Health
* my daughter and her willingness to help
Halfway between San Francisco and Los Angeles on California's stunningly beautiful central Pacific coast highway sits the rugged seaside tourist hamlet of Cambria. It's six miles from Hearst Castle, an awesome place we've blogged about previously and in Cambria Village, you'll find the Cambria Village Pharmacy, where, among the Band-Aids, foot powder and Calamine lotion, reside over 400 variations of rubber ducks. Plain yellow, black leather jacketed, glow in the dark, or celebrity-themed, they're everywhere, waiting to be purchased and floated in a tub near you. According to store manager Loren Empey (in this Trazzler article from 2009), the ducks began about a decade ago as an ordering mistake and now occupy half the store, making the pharmacy one of the world's foremost suppliers of the little yellow guys and all their peripheral gear.
There's a lot of blue in the chaparral at the moment. Still dominant are the white mounding ceonothus bushes that cover the hillsides, but every day as the warm winds disperse the petals the snowy white drifts appear to be melting away. Here and there are the California lilacs, blue ceonothus. There's the occasional blue dick, lots of Solanum, blue eyed grass, rarely, Verbena lasiostachys and the blue blossoms of black sage (don't ask).
Hoppy goodness! This dry hopped IPA exudes big citrusy aromatics followed by a well balanced blend of 3 different hops and malts that makes this beer simply luscious.
The spreading wide my narrow Hands
While JB was discoing all around
Disagree with me if you wish, but to your own dismay. December 21, 2012 could still be the end of the world if we do not act accordingly. Superstitious or not, it could happen. And we are on the right track to destroying ourselves and everything on this planet.
b. July 24, 1725; d. December 21, 1807
Years ago, when the U.S.S.R. suddenly disappeared, there was great celebration and proclamations of how things would be better. I wondered how anyone could come up with this opinions, since it was only a few months before that there were thousands of warheads pointed at the United States by these fine people and the constant reminder we weren't friends.
Peace is within you right now
Next weekend I’m going cocktail free, I already have it all planned out. Loading up with Kicking Horse coffee, buying all the plump spring issues of my favorite mags, and heading into the big city for a stroll and brunch, just typing it feels refreshing!
Well I sure hope you decide to join us for the "Monogram Challenge" You can use ANY cartridge. It just has to be a NEW creation and please add a link to BBTB2. Also there have been some new issues with the Word Verify on the comments on some of the participants blogs and We, at BBTB2, would love it if you could turn off WV. There is a Very Nice post on the main BBTB2 Blog addressing the issue so please make sure you check it out. With that being said I sure hope to see you for our new challenge and hope you have a wonderful week and have Fun Creating! I will be going to the New Hobby Lobby that is opening in the next town over from me (YIPPEE!) I don't have to drive 2 1/2 hours now to get to the closest one, now it's only 45 minutes! Boy I'm moving up in the World, LOL! That's what I miss the most about living in the Country, not having a craft store close by, and not any Good Restaurants (so we do alot of home cooking) I guess it saves us some money in the long run, lol! Well on that note,
Community activists voiced opposition to the plans, observing that the reservoir should remain at a nature preserve and that ball fields at Highland Park should be improved instead. Numerous community meetings were held by the Parks Department over the last several years, gathering opinions from residents in both Brooklyn and Queens.
“I’m gonna keep the coke and the fries but I’m gonna send this burger back. And if you put any mayonnaise on it, I’m gonna come over to your house, I’ll chop your legs off, set fire to your house, and watch as you drag your bloody stumps out the door.”
* For the over 50 or you know what I’m talking about crowd- The guy dresses like a captain, the woman wears chenille. “The Captain and Chenille.”
Once through the incline that leads to the more level walk that we took, it was plain sailing. We found picturesque countryside dotted with sheep and mountains in the background. There were a couple of benches here and there for anyone who wanted to rest their legs. Meanwhile, John shot picture after picture with gusto.
This lace wedding cake caught the eye of our Awesometastic Team, and frankly, I think it's sweet, vintage and lacy-lious!
I don’t know if I’ve posted this particular shot before, or not, but I was skimming through photos again and saw this and it made me laugh. She’s soooo funny. She not only licks your face, she gives lip kisses. No, seriously. She’ll put her little poochie lips to your cheek and kiss it with just her leetle lips, like a little innocent child kisses your cheek. tehe!
You need to ensure you determine a plan to operate on your enterprise and stay with that routine. If you do not place the time you should to your network marketing business, it will fall short. Just like with anything else, you need to put effort and time into what you really are undertaking in order to be successful.Click the link to view a bit more online distance learning programs
Brothels and mosques now outnumber pubs in the area. So it seems that the OBB, like many in that area, has fallen victim to post-industrial decay, changing demographics and changing drinking habits. Time and tide wait for no man.
Eventually the water flow carried the catfish away and out of the radius of my attention. I continued on with my relaxation and concentrated on my breathing. I still didn’t know why I needed to concentrate on my breathing or exactly how I was supposed to be breathing but I did anyway.
I think that’s about the summary of things as they stand. We’re waiting on the glucostrips to come in, and next week I’ll be sequestered without a litter box for a bit so that Mom can make sure I have a full bladder before taking me to the vet.
Journey down to Mexico and buy a saint that's made of plastic.
The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the views of enewsWorld or its affiliated networks.
Sweet berries ripen in the wilderness;
I have to admit, the first third of the film wasn't capturing my attention and I nearly quit watching it. I am so glad that I hung in there because the rest of it was to interesting and inspiring! If you haven't see it, you've got to!
Know ye, these dead:
But how much
20th Century Boy
I know you are from Atlanta, but the city has almost 7,000 churches. Did you ever consider another location for your new church?
With dew about my feet may I walk
Welcome! i'm thrilled you found me
Today was a defining moment for Empowering Youth Through Travel, as we solidified our 2011-2012 partner school which will be Holy Trinity High School in Chicago, IL.
The jury found that Weinzettel did not use excessive force.
Each year I try to tally up the books I've read during the course of the year, just to keep track and share with anyone who's interested. This year was a hard year for me personally, and as you can see by my extensive list, I must have felt the need to lose myself a little in books.
Buyers can bring little or no money to the closing table. 3.5% down payments are allowed from seller concessions, gifts of family, or approved assistance programs. Debt-to-income ratios go up to 50%.
If only this weren't completely personal.......
Kicker The final paragraph of a story
all.day.long.
House Speaker John Boehner told rank-and-file Republicans in a conference call after Saturday’s meeting that he hoped to be able to announce a “viable framework for progress” by 4 p.m. EDT on Sunday, before the stock markets open in Japan and elsewhere in Asia, according to two participants.
Doug and his beautiful brood, finally feltified and embroideried. (Yes, I enjoy making up words as much as I enjoy making things with felt!)
though i usually find dismissing the news quite easy, these past few weeks have proven hard to daydream about my meaningless sweet nothings to come. in these last few weeks, i have been disgusted with myself when i hear of what is happening a world away. how can i worry about when my next blog post will be when people are being killed because of what they believe in?
“She’s been unprofessional!” I said in exaggerated horror. “Well that’s just terrible. Someone really ought to report her. You seem in a hurry, ringmaster. Are you going anywhere in particular?”
After that Brother Alembrihan asked her and her family to come to the church. They would stay three days in the church to allow the brother Alembrihan and the elders to pray over the woman so that the demons could not come back and bother her any more.
The last two weeks have been eye-opening. I've not only had to reach deep down to discover how my abuse changed the very motivations and needs that make up my life, but I've also had to imagine my family's motivations. I've had to step back from villianization, to imagining what experiences they had as children to make up their primal needs and goals. It's been like trying to open up everyone's hearts, without judgment, in order to create believable, fleshed-out characters. And although, I will never excuse what they've done to me or how badly they botched this situation (welcoming a child-molester into your family, a child-molester who abused your own child, is totally inexcusable) I'm starting to see what shaped them and, perhaps, even understand them even more.
Tolle doesn’t subscribe to any one religion, but claims that his influences include the Bible, Zen Buddhism, Sufism (a mystical branch of Islam), and Hinduism. That should tell you that he’s picking and choosing from different religions, which would make any adherent to any of these religions pretty irritated. His teachings focus on “being present in the Now” and searching your inner person to find enlightenment. He talks about God as a being, which we are not really separate from if we are connected with him. When you live life in the present moment, you just allow it to “be,” rather than labeling it or judging it as a good or bad experience. This acceptance leads to surrender to the present moment. The goal of all of this is some spiritual transformation, which can happen at any moment.
What I liked about Jeff's entry was the way that it made the story of beer seem like a long ribbon, simultaneously spooling into the past but also winding in from the future. It made me feel that each time we prise the cap off a bottle of beer, we make an imprint on history. And then because I got up to tend to our squalling child in the middle of the night and couldn't get back to sleep, my mind ran riot with that idea: the ribbon of time capped into each bottle, a story released with each hiss of carbon dioxide.
Fellow expats in Kenya were going through the same process. The bits which seem so alien from a Kenyan reality:
There's that "levure" stuff, but I've barely the time to make cookies, let alone test-run them, so I couldn't be sure that would work. I had a rep to live up to here, and wasn't prepared to risk it after so many successful batches. (Just takes one to earn your "crappy cook" label, and my chances for redemption were nil.)
OH, my Isabelle - we have called her Izzy, Elle, Ellie Bellie, and up until just 2 months ago, she was the baby! I'll never forget my pregnancy miracle with her and how God healed her, which you can read about in the beginning of this post. And you can read about her birth here. We are SO blessed to have her in our family!
It's like the Times decided right around the time of the early-2000s Jayson Blair scandal, that their God-given mission in life was, in order of importance and frequency of "activist journalism" to :
Students can then watch the recorded books over and over again! This is
Carnival Cruise Lines, “The Fun Ship”, will not be outdone. Carnival offers shipboard or “On Island” wedding packages, as well as Romance Packages for a memorable honeymoon. Like Norwegian, Carnival’s package provides the officiant, location selection, music, sparkling wine with keepsake champagne flutes, cake with keepsake cake topper, and photography service. I’ll help you coordinate your wedding with Carnival’s wedding coordinator.
Anyway, what I wanted to share today is a great discovery I made on the internet. As I started out again, I mainly did cardio. Running, bicycling, running and bicycling. Quite boring. I went through some fitness sites, most of which just try to sell some fat loss pills, drinks, shakes and a lot of other unnecessary stuff. But luckily I found Bodyrock.tv, the so called home workout movement. Great site. Most of all because what they say and do makes sense. Second because they really give you something concrete to work with: a daily video of a great workout, using mainly body weight exercises.
His were the words of a man who loves his country and they were also a warning of the dire consequences of this flawed social experiment. They were not the words of the knuckle dragging” Nazi he was compared to. However, in the Bizarro World which is the anti nationalist mindset, truth becomes lies and lies become truth, in the same way as love of country is, in their minds, hate, and homogenisation, to them, means diversity.
Using a fork, stir the pecans to coat them with melted spice mixture. Continue baking until the nuts are golden and the coating bubbles, about 10 minutes. Transfer the pecans to the foil. Working quickly, separate the nuts with the fork. Cool. Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
With so much to carry over in philosophy and design, what has changed for 2012?
You have had a rough past two days though. I finally took you to the doctor Tuesday afternoon after your fever returned. It was fluctuating between 101-102 all day Monday and through the night, but went down on its own Tuesday morning. Unfortunately it returned that afternoon. The doctor said it is some sort of virus that usually lasts between 3-5 days and would clear up on it's own. Hopefully sooner than later. I hate for you to be sick on your birthday. Hopefully when Grandma and Grandpa Campbell arrive tomorrow they can cheer you up!
I’d end up a rock star or in prison.
Then Davinia was viciously attacked on December 26th I will not go into details but she was in emergency surgery for 3 hours to fix internal injuries and then in critical condition for several more days. Her pelvis was broken and fractured in multiple places and she had nerve and muscle damage. Yet she is determined to get better. Each day she tries her very best to walk the little bit she can manage even with help and knows she needs to rest in order to get better.
Voter fraud is so not a part of what has happened at the polls but these bigots are still reeling from the fact that it was the students and women’s vote that elected a Black man and they are doing their best to make sure it does not happen again. There are many Americans who cannot always make it to the Motor Vehicle Dept. to get a picture ID because of distance,conflict of work and classes, lack of transportation or time, or ill-health due to aging and disability that will be unable to vote in this election because of the restrictions being placed on them to have a picture ID.
Two weeks ago, we were in St. George so John could run in the marathon. I was a little nervous for that day because I knew that the park, where the race ended, was going to be packed. I'm always a little anxious about making sure my kids stay by me when a place is so busy.
**IMPORTANT BLOOGER NOTICE THINGAMIJIG** I am an awful excuse for a blogger who actually had EVERYTHING for this weekend written out and failed to post anything....so your "two-fer Tuesday" is for this week a "three-fer Tuesday of WHOOPS!" Fresh of the much battered Unmuffled Keypad for you this Tuesday we have "The Week In Review", "Rants and Raves - Medical Edition" and "That BLOODY Word!" Enjoy!
What South Africa lacks, and probably needs, is a strong and coherent left opposition, preferably before a fascist takeover. Is Zwelinzima Vavi up to it? The tragedy of the assassination of Chris Hani continues to haunt us.
Levi brought home some butterfly strips and everything healed up nicely. Perhaps stitches would have prevented the scar but then how much fun would that be? Not very. Scars are cool. Especially when your mother tells you that you got it while trying to escape a tornado.
Jonathan has talked about sky surfer in Heerenveen for years, and when my dad was there alone with him two years ago they tried it out together; mom and Ryan had also gotten a shot at it before we’d arrived, so John and I were the only newbies. I bravely (and excitedly) volunteered to ride first. (And since I was on the sky surfer, the following photos were taken by Jonathan.)
at small intervals
I couldn’t fit all the pictures of me/coffee in this 30-second video, but there are some of my favorites. Costa Coffee drinks make it in there a couple times. Oh, Costa, if you find this post somehow by your SEO magic, please consider bringing your wonderful cafés to America!
The events of the past few years of my life are not common knowledge. There are still friends hearing about it. Some of them are people I've not seen or been in touch with for several years. I still find myself thinking "How on earth did they find out?!" and yet there is some part of me that is thankful that most of them have reacted with concern and caring.
1- Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS3 12.1 MP Waterproof Digital Camera (Orange) Brand New w/Supplied Manufacturer Accessories
It is great to use a big dollop on jacked potatoes.
There is very little to say of Teddy that is bad. He was a poodle. I confess I had my doubts about poodles before meeting Ted, having been reared on a canine diet of cattledogs, and to be frank, I suspected he might be the weakest link in the live-in deal.
Push Girls, which will air on the Sundance Channel in April, follows the personal lives of four wheelchair-bound women as they negotiate familiar struggles from motherhood to relationship break-ups.
A fabulous idea, but not always possible.
Kiss her when the time is right, and always use your strength, your might
Thanks to all my wonderful followers for sticking by me while i get a hang of this whole blog thing :) Your the best!!
Muddy Waters - The Complete Plantation Recordings (1941-42), Martin Scorcese Presents The Blues (1941-64), and Muddy Waters At Newport (1960). Everyone's favorite cuddly bluesguy, Muddy Waters was one of the first to put Delta blues together with electric guitars, and thus epitomizes what most of America thinks about when they think about the blues. The Plantation Recordings includes his first recordings from the 40s and are acoustic, sounding much like Son House and Robert Johnson. The Scorcese collection leaps from one of these Plantation songs into the electric Chicago blues that made Waters his name. The Newport album is a barnburning live set. I don't know that I want or need any more Muddy Waters, though.
I guess I'm damning the ending with faint praise.
As Mao reminds us, while external causes (new communication techniques) are condition of change, it is the internal causes (contradictions between social forces) that are ultimately the basis of change, with the external causes becoming operative through the internal causes.
feel like I'm little. I also still feel like the big sister who
Bankrate’s survey includes data provided by the top 10 banks and thrifts in the top 10 markets.
Is it appropriate to send Editor X an advance copy of my novel as a gesture of friendship? How do I make it clear that I sent it because he loves books, not because he has connections? My friendship with him is very important to me, and I want to make it on my own, so perhaps I shouldn't send it at all. But maybe he'll be offended that I didn't think of him when gifting copies...! What do I do?You're probably over-thinking this. Editor X will not expect you to send him a free copy of your book; if you decide not to, he won't be offended. All editors know how many friends authors have, and know you can't possibly give all your friends free copies. (Also, would it kill them to support their friend and BUY the book?)
I’ve ordered and drank at many Starbucks in the States – no one ever asked my name. Maybe it’s the English accent.
So, Colleen, here's my scrappy pieces finally put together into a quilt top! The border isn't really as wavy as it looks in the picture--I just don't bend well enough to really straighten it out for its portrait. (And I've just spotted an oopsy in it. Guess Jack-the-(seam)ripper and I have a date!
Then we noticed smoke in the air.
It's a very unusual book, in terms of the voice, the theme and the structure. I hope it does very well.
In a heavy bottomed pan heat eveaporated milk,on a very low heat,stir continuosly for 8-10 mins.Add condensed milk and keep stirring and scraping from the sides for another 7-8 mins.Turn off the heat .Add cardomon pwd and saffaron and keep it aside.The rabdi or thickened milk is ready.
I treasure this can of powder not only because it's cool, but because it's a key that opens the gate to a whole flood of precious memories.
How awesome!
marbled book ends circa 1870
I will go over this in more depth now and in doing that, it is unavoidable to repeat some things, but my aim in this blog is to help people better understand the forces at play that are really in their command once they understand them. It is in your power ABSOLUTELY to heal yourself, given that you have the knowledge.
The clothing style and color-scheme for most of these figures seems to be a hair off... just a hair.
His eyes closed, it seemed he slept,
Be a permanent US resident and at least 18 years of age with a Social Security Number (or EIN), a US bank account, US address, US state-issued ID (driver’s license), and major US credit or debit card.”
Second, though veterinary professionals are in the business because they love animals, they also have a job to do, and the longer any procedure takes to accomplish the more stressful it is for the pet, the owners, and the staff. So, in the back, though your pet will be handled with respect and care, it may not be handled with the same loving kid gloves that you yourself use. If the situation calls for it, cats will be scruffed, dogs will be muzzled.
She's a student at CCNY pursuing a major in political science and a minor in Jewish studies, and when she was younger she posed wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the face of Leila Khaled, the PFLP's favorite Kalashnikov-toting hijacker:
Go ahead. Stand up and please introduce yourself.
I love the colour palate, its so vibrant with the yellow and blue and I love a chevron pattern. There are some gorgeous ideas like the moustache garland and the tissue paper swirling garland behind the dessert table. The chocolate moustache favours are also such a yummy idea, and finally the picture of daddy and Braden wearing matching bow ties is so super cute!!
- DA rejected by Gosford Council
01.Warlords
Do not drink
3. April 11
This week's challenge is set by the lovely TAMARA who will also be choosing the SPOTLIGHT CARD OF THE WEEK. This will be her last week with us as she is moving on to pastures new.
Reminds me of this:
The system is quite clever and makes good use of the land space. It works like this… Each family has a tomb. The tomb is concrete and marble and has two levels. On the top one, the recently deceased is placed in his/her casket. In the summertime the temperature outside reaches the 90’s or sometimes over 100 degrees; the inside of the tomb can reach about 200 degrees. This acts as a furnace and slowly cremates the person’s remains. After a year and a day the process is complete. When another member of the family passes away, they reopen the tomb, take out the coffin (that is either charred wood or rusted metal by this point), and toss the cremated remains into the compartment below. The ruined coffin is then thrown. The space is then free to add the recently departed and begin the process over again.
Purchase rest of alcohol
Myth #1 - Blazing six-shooters
Cage
a. Jesus was raised by this same power, the power of the Holy Spirit. Jesus was not resuscitated. No man who suffered crucifixion and died after six hours on the cross would be able to survive. We have records of people who were taken off of crosses before they died but even these people soon died from their suffering. The cross may have been a slow death but there was no death more certain. Jesus did not revive because of the coolness of the tomb. He was wrapped in linen with up to one hundred pounds of spices. There is no way that he could have been resuscitated. The power of God was necessary to raise Jesus from the dead.
Yeah, that thing on her back…like wings? It is a bow.
Our second visitor this week was Austin Jones, a young man who has a passion for antique fruit tree varieties. He's been running a trial of about 100 heirloom fruit varieties at Bear Creek Farm (which I've written about before here - they're the ones doing the experiments with acres and acres of grafted tomatoes). He works there on their 11 acre produce garden. They sell to Whole Foods in Kansas City and at area farmers markets.
Make no parley—stop for no expostulation,
Apparently some illiterate racists are upset that an African American girl was cast to play Rue in the Hunger Games movie. To them, I say, I’m upset that a light brown girl was cast to play a character that was described as having dark brown skin. Damn Hollywood and it’s light brown washing! In the interest of full disclosure, I didn’t pick up on it that Rue was black when I first read the book. This was probably because it was really just a passing detail and I was on Vicodin when I read the book (recovering from surgery). But I guess this means that it’s not exactly fair that I’m calling them illiterate.
And there the surly village churls,
I am sorry to hear you have problems. But I can assure you that there will probably be a day when you either do not have problems or your problems are so minute that you don’t really much care about them.
The most thorough treatment I came across is in the exceptional Merriam-Webster Dictionary of English Usage. It says the objections began (as they so often do) in the 18th century, beginning with George Campbell in 1776, and they have continued ever since:
For through the grace given to me I say to everyone among you not to think more highly of himself than he ought to think; but to think so as to have sound judgment, as God has allotted to each a measure of faith.
This list below isn't inclusive, but it covers my normal modus operandi.
Last but certainly not least is Katie from Miss Dixie! Katie was kind enough to agree to post even though she just went on a trip of her own last weekend, too! Her blog is full of shopping tidbits, interiors, and many other things but my favorite part about her blog is all of the personal touches she adds. You should see how she decorated her laundry room and how gorgeous her wedding was. But seriously, if you haven't seen them go right now. Thank you again Katie, you're the best!
She's been stuck at 48 followers for a little while, which makes no sense, because she has a great blog with lots of fun crafting projects and recipes that I know you'll all love.
Liz makes her home in Nashville, TN, where she enjoys theater, exploring the local music scene, and making frequent trips to Arizona to dote on her two nephews and three nieces. She loves stories of true love with happy endings. Keep up with Liz's adventures in writing at www.lizjohnsonbooks.com.
“If Betty was smart, she’d go hide that pie.” Even if there is proof that Betty is NOT smart, it is certainly more polite to indicate she might be!
As I sat in the back of the Mercedes S600 Sedan tears of longing and remembrance streaked down my face. Yes, this is how life was meant to be. The smell of top grain leather, the sheen of real burl walnut trim, the view of the lesser world as it slips quietly by a well-tuned Bavarian engineered vehicle.
“It’s a freaking dress!”
Code: CA081
b. A lamb without spot, sinless
Iceland ranks: 1st (15.6 years)
We know you, we know your needs
My love to Anna and Myles and Mason and Ledia.
His Highness the Aga Khan, Chancellor Aga Khan University (AKU) and AKU Board of Trustees endorsed the suggestions in 1989 that AKU Alumni Association be formed so that the University could keep track of its alumni especially those who left for USA/UK/Europe for postgraduate training, and to record the career pathways of the returning alumni. Hence, AKU Alumni Association came into being in 1993. (…)
Christ, Amen!
Sidewall height has been reduced, with rear wheel-archs now extended forward, protruding over what was previously occupied air-intake real estate. Due to the demand for increased mechanical grip, front tyre width has increased and, as a result wheel archs are now heightened and much more pronounced.
Not many know that he has a hidden skill; he is very good at drawing. The style of drawing Harrington likes to do is more of a realistic style, such as sketches of nature and animals. While others usually do stick figures or graffiti – Harrington thinks a realistic approach is better.
and each leaf is individual, above the gravestones
If you go check your validity in the System Settings, you should have the genuine badge back.
“For Christ also suffered for sins once, the righteous for the sake of the unrighteous, that he might lead you to God. Put to death in the flesh, he was brought to life in the spirit. In it he also went to preach to the spirits in prison, who formerly did not obey, when God’s patience waited in the days of Noah, during the building of the ark, in which a few, that is, eight persons, were saved through water. Baptism, which corresponds to this, now saves you, not as a removal of dirt from the body but as an appeal to God for a clear conscience, through the resurrection of Jesus Christ…” (1 Peter 3:20-21, emphasis added)
How to Grow A Novel: The Most Common Mistakes Writers Make And How To Overcome Them by Sol Stein
Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother
The Volt is an electric vehicle with extended-range capability. It is designed to drive up to 40 miles on electricity without using gasoline or producing tailpipe emissions. When the Volt’s lithium-ion battery is depleted of energy, an engine/generator seamlessly operates to extend the total driving range to about 300 miles before refueling or stopping to recharge the battery.
No fishing line, no hooks...how do you catch a fish?
I have found that my books fall in Pre-Readers and Middle Grade. So at least I finally figured out that!
The angel’s mission is urgent, and dark forces are threatening. Will love ruin Bethany or save her?"
Happy New Year to all
Another craving came to my mind: yakitori. Yakitori is skewered grilled chicken from Japan. I really think that this is a simple dish to make and a highly demanded menu especially for college kids. I secretly want to open a yakitori shop at Harvard Square and make some business.
This is a podcast on cyber bullying I did for COM 312. This whole blog is part of that class and so that is why the podcast is on here. I hope you enjoy. Cyber bullying really is an important topic and should make us all think about the way we navigate our technology.
Madrid (30-2-4) has 94 points and a seven-point lead over Barcelona (27-3-6) with two games left. The Catalans had won the previous three titles.
Dumas was also a prolific writer of non-fiction. He wrote journal articles on politics and culture, and books on French history.
The other women and I checked on the almost-victim, she was OK, no harm done, just a bit shaken. But it got me to thinking... could've been me. Why wasn't it?
Monday evening a nurse from the Surgical Unit called to give me specifics for Tuesday’s surgery. I was told that I needed to be at the hospital by 7:00 a.m. to get some labs drawn. The drive took us about an hour and a half, so we left our house at 5:30. Kevin, and my sister Beth were with me that morning. My Dad and Step-Mom drove down separate and arrived at the hospital around 8:30.
Week ONE- Trend Watch
The rest of us while we are waiting for these people we can begin to talk to God, ask him for forgiveness, if you have failed your children in any way whatsoever and give you grace to fulfill your role as a parent onward. And if you have been doing your duty correctly; in a night like this, you should be thanking the Almighty that he has made you a very good parents, and many of us needs to thank God tonight, for the kind of parent God gave us, parents that helped us to become what we have become. So let’s spend some minute talking to the Lord.
older than his twenty-one years. His dreadlocks and baggy tunic
I’m not sure what’s so unusual about it being cool, but I’ll let it slide.
Oh yeah i modificated my levis short too, i just got the inspiration from myself LOL this is how the short was originally, i took the photo with flash so thats why the color looks different, but this is not the color.
I'm now completely lost. You don't connect this with anything that's happened before (in the query)
March 10th
Then he goes on indecently swearing ” Ka ni na.. ” multiple times..
But silently wish all away like puff.
would be a nice
Angie Porter has never wanted kids. Instead, she has an apartment above the bookstore she owns with her friend Peter, two cats, and a boyfriend who doesn't ask for more time or commitment than she's willing to give. Her life is as comfortable and confining as a snail's shell. Then Iraq invades Kuwait and Peter is called to active duty. His anthropologist wife is in Africa and unreachable. Angie reluctantly agrees to take care of Peter's three boys until Maureen comes home. Weeks pass by with no word from Maureen. Angie becomes “not-mom” to kids devastated by their parents’ absence. The pressures of a life she never wanted knock down the protective walls Angie has built around herself. By the time Maureen finally comes home, Angie has lost everything that mattered to her, gained some things she never knew she wanted, and is ready to rebuild her life.
Another strategy though would be to work – work really hard – with the best realistic actors you could find, people really and truly skilled at the art of non-verbal communication, so that we can see the wheels turning inside their heads and read their faces, which will add a level of complexity to dialogue that can too often be written off by modern audiences as simplistic or stereotypical. Mind you, I don’t personally write off the text here. But it does have to be grappled with and interpreted for the modern audience. At any rate, two or three of the present cast are excellent and up to such a task I think (Miles, Snow and Delaney were my favorites).
This isn’t a written post really. It is just a video clip i wanted to share.
Yikes what a great turnout we had for the last challenge, thanks to all who entered and shown us some amazing projects !!!!!
just because you’ve lost yours?
All the above components need to be combined with precision in order for the scenes to work and hats off to Rob Pallantina with direction by Joe Lawson for putting all the pieces together.
Today - legs OUCH!
Today as I caught up with all of my social media... I was saddened to hear that Maurice Sendak had passed away. Being a teacher I LOVE children's books, but Where the Wild Things Are holds a Very special place in my heart. Read on if you would like a sappy story :)
Did I love well? I believe that when everything ends this is going to be the only question that will matter and have the power to bring peace within me.
Take one tower containing 48 blocks. Write a multiplication question on each of the two widest sides of each block with a sharpie pen. I was able to write all facts of 1's through 9's multiplying by 1 – 10. With the remaining blank spots I wrote things such as “Count by 3's to 30<U+2033> or “0 X any number” (in which the child would reply “equals zero”).
There could be a reason all those women are virgins, and it may prove to be absolutely no fun. Besides, even in Heaven, I'd suspect them of lying about it. Or something. No, just a few for the novelty, and the rest without such complications.
The biggest problem is that there just isn't enough SLOB in this Slob Comedy. There should be MORE slobbiness in this. MORE stupid boneheads backing into stupid situations and making it out of them by being just as stupid as the situation. MORE raunchiness. MORE dumb jokes. MORE Bluto Butarsky-ness.
This was our first ever stay-cation. With any time off we are normally heading north to spend as much time as possible with our fabulous grandparents, brothers and sisters, nieces and nephews. A new year brings in change, right?!
We are getting a new roof, gutters, soffits, garage door, paint color and landscaping. Whew! I just realized how much work that really is once I started typing. What am I getting myself into again?? Today I am struggling with color. My roofer kinda needs an answer...like today...but I am almost 100% positive I will make him wait a few more days. I can't decide...
But then that's what plastic lens and toy camera shooting is all about, isn't it? You have to have a decent subject, and choose good angles and lighting. But then the Holga, Diana, whatever, does it's thing with the light leaks, vignettes and warping, and x-pro does its thing with the colour. Since each one is so unpredictable, that's what makes it special.
It was one of those wonderfully superior moments, when you know that despite having started off completely in the wrong, by a trick of fate, all of a sudden you are completely in the right. In those rare moments in life you do of course rise to the occasion and take on a serene and calm approach to the problem.
There are striking parallels between obesity and cigarette smoking; we believe this comparison to be fruitful;As in, err, let's use it as a precedent. If you can read something else into that, I'd love to see into your imagination cos it probably involves unicorns, fairies and Holly Willoughby.
Daniel Ash: guitar & saxophone
If you are in the area, stop by and see me!
This picture was taken moments before the kiss picture on my blog.
~ glamorous straw hats ~
Blessings, and may your Way be Powerful and Clear
Not that we have any immediate plans for moving, but I do like to take a look at apartment prices in the American cities we may end up. This way, I know when we do go, if I need to get just any job right away, or if I could take my time finding something in my field, and how much Ben would need to earn to make the move worthwhile (we'd probably only go if he could get a transfer, I am too chicken to just up and move sticks without something waiting when we get there!).
in full magnitude as those wild
“I think this winter, as whooping cough upticks, measles continues to be under-vaccinated, we’re going to increasingly see pockets of communicable infections that a few decades ago we thought, frankly, we had eradicated from the United States. These illnesses should not be seen in the United States with the vaccinations that we have at hand,”says Snyderman.
I’ve never gotten a job because my previous work experience was particularly relevant, but rather because I learned how to spin my past experience to make it seem relevant. This doesn’t mean I lied, but instead concentrated on tasks in previous positions that were applicable to the job I wanted to get. If your current job is much different from the one you want, think about anything and everything you’ve done at your current job that’s out of the ordinary. Often times you’ll find examples of things that relate to the job you want because you were always excited to do that kind of work if it presented itself where you are now. If not, you can always start creating relevant experience now so you can use it when you’re on your interview. For example, if you work in a non-creative field but want to become a designer you would have plenty of opportunities. If you make lots of graphs and flow charts, finds ways to make them more attractive. If your company is having an outing, ask to design the flyer. When I worked in customer support, I used to create posters about inside jokes in the office or images based on funny things customers said. Sometimes I’d show these at interviews if I needed to demonstrate my Photoshop skills. As silly as that sounds, it not only demonstrated my capabilities but also showed how close I was with my team. When you put yourself into you work, you’ll find that your seemingly irrelevant experience can easily be tailored to most of the jobs you’ll apply for. You may have to start lower than you’d like, but if you work hard you’ll work your way up pretty quickly.
I Could sleep for a week,
There are a number of political dramas being played out across the EU. The first being closer integration of a core of EU countries. Behind closed doors I'm pretty sure its acknowledged that some countries will leave the Euro and things have moved on to political positioning to be top dog of the smaller core Euro zone. Despite talking of repatriating power back to the UK Parliament, David Cameron is negotiating exactly the opposite. He wants to be fully integrated, paid up member of what will effectively become the EU's equivalent of the UN security council. A core bloc of countries that will control, manage and police the outlying EU countries.
JVC HANC250 High Grade Noise Cancelling Headphones
Organic Practices: Eliminate Chemical Pesticides • Eliminate Chemical Fertilizers • CompostI just visited the NWF Certified Habitat page and guess what? The fifth requirement of "Sustainable Gardening Practices" IS NO LONGER THERE. I just cannot believe this is a coincidence. An organization cannot partner with the largest producer of chemical pesticides and fertilizers and also advise against the use of them.
** To non-Brit readers, that's a technical term for the bricks 'twixt you and the neighbours. Not a wall covered in lurex, Twister mats and balloons.
Denise: I suffer from it on occasion. I deal with it by doing writing prompts. It’s the beginning of a sentence and then I let my mind go and see what comes. Guaranteed to work for me is a long drive to clear the cobwebs from my mind.
Saturday am was bright after sleet and 1 degree at midnight last night.
against, implies the wind
I have my places.
This was taken from by a talk by Deiter F. Uchtdorf ; October 2011. You can watch this fabulous talk HERE.
Well, start by standing up and saying NO MORE!!!!
Bachmann: I am just like Margaret Thatcher
Why do old photos and films seem simpler and more basic in their honesty?
While I appreciate that it certainly won’t be everyone’s cup of tea, I found it to be weird but equally wonderful.
Also today, I repaired my rabbit fence (blown over by a thunderstorm), planted some sacrificial cucumbers (you know, just in case it doesn't freeze anymore) and declared war on the inordinate number of thistles that have appeared in the yard. Oh, and I also got that baby quilt top finally finished and sandwiched with the backing. I was going to quilt it this evening until we ended up moving lumber late at night since the delivery guy didn't get here until after 6.
Not sneezing is particularly hard here in Australia during the high allergy season, I’m telling you. But for the physical blehs – I know that time, an ice-pack strapped to my cheek, and lots of gargling will make all the difference. If only it were that easy for a case of the writing blehs.
SHAH ALAM: The Sultan of Selangor has voiced his unhappiness at the actions of the Hindu Rights Action Force (Hindraf), which he said has incited hatred and damaged the country’s image by taking its campaign overseas.
Pet Friendly Family Portraits by ... James Morrissey
So on Monday I was playing with her and had this “feeling” to try something out. I laid her on her back and with my hand on the mole, I asked in faith for God to heal her through me. To use my hand to pass healing energy through. Contrary to movies etc. I didn’t feel anything go through me, but I had incredible faith (something I’m usually lacking). I said to make it vanish. Well I wasn’t expecting a quick response. I touched the mole and it slid off her skin and fell to the bed (see picture.. its kinda gross though). The skin underneath was pink, fresh and no indication that there was anything wrong there.
No more keeping up with the Joneses. That's not who I am!
He was “talking to them” I knew it was him as soon as we walked in the door. I hollered “Shut up” he did for just a minute and then he began his mournful howling again. Far Guy said “That cannot be my dog.” News flash to Far Guy..your dog is very spoiled and he has separation anxiety.
Less tippy than a canoe, and an easy enough skill to learn the basics of, Smith soon decided to share his newfound passion for kayaking by starting up Carefree Adventures in 2009 and now offers tours, lessons and rentals.
I Beg Your Pardon (I Never Promised You a Rose Garden)
Bergmann created a sculpture mimicking the exact style of these busts, but used a poignantly different subject — a slave by the name of Sally Maria Diggs. Diggs (also known as “Pinky”) was the subject of a mock slave auction performed by the famous abolitionist Henry Ward Beecher in 1860 at Plymouth Church in Brooklyn Heights.
Before the latest episode of The Simpsons aired on Sunday, March 28 (Palm Sunday and the day before Passover), the show's producer, Al Jean, promised, "people of all three religions will be equally offended."
What a wonderful number.
There's things everyone who decides to use a firearm for self-defense needs to think about, consider, re-think, and continually process. It kind of reminds me of the ol' Kenny Roger's song, The Gambler...
Another publisher made the following excuse:
Installation of was suspended (administration).
The Compaq Nougat carseat is suitable for babies from birth through to 18kg The Compaq Nougat carseat has a compact design and it has the smallest internal dimensions of all Safe n Sound Convertible car seats and is suitable for small cars.
When eating from a CSA you can't always (aka never) pick what you get unless you get extras. This makes your first venture into CSA from a 'normal' diet quite difficult. Not only do you find odd pieces of food you don't know what to do with (kohlrabi seems to be the fun one - that, and yakons) but you also have to suddenly learn how to work with what you have. Gone are the days of buying at the shops what you need per meal - instead you have to work out how to change virtually every recipe to adapt to what's in the fridge so it doesn't go off. For beginners, this can be quite difficult.
As always, the DT girls have provided some great inspiration. If you get a chance, please visit their individual blogs and leave them some well deserved love.
I only had to look at the columns of the miniature movie posters emblazoned at the back to convince me that this might just work. They were just the right size for the job. The right width, and adjustable length (depending where I’d cut). Using the cover’s spine also kind of works too.
Locey uses generous touches of humor to tell a story that is deeper and more poignant than it appears on the surface. She refers to her book as “romantic rural comedy” and it is, indeed, quite funny throughout. Told in the first person, our gal Libby has quite a gift for the turn of phrase. I love a book that has me laughing out loud, and Libby, er, Ms Locey, provides that quite nicely.
For me, it is always different.
I'm still plugging away on my next QOV. I've made good progress, but can't count it out until the top is finished. I've got my fingers crossed that I can count it next week! The pattern is Fourth of July by Bonnie Hunter. It is my favorite type of quilt pattern: easy to piece, but gorgeous!
I pantomime,
Medium Fish Campaigns
And dreaming of making more....of course!
Trade them all for a pack of a gum, sunshine and ravioli (Macaroni)
Be in the light of joy and let it surround you, all around and carry you away.
(I especially hate it when Floyd Mayweather is right, because he’s just about the worst, and there’s even some other ickier parts to this particular situation since he spends most of his time on twitter trying to bait an Asian guy into fighting him…. But I digress.)
I am in a better place, although I'm still fragile. I have made some connections for support. And we're going to take things a little slower in therapy.
"Half of the respondents said they bought a product in 2009 because of something they'd seen on a social networking site." "...a whopping 80% of the women polled said they had (become fans of brands or products)""...it is excellent data for retailers searching for clues about competing in this pinched consumer world."Well, this is pretty convincing stuff. And there was more. So I decided to explore a little further.
We add a couple of drops of tea tree oil to kill off any dust mites and leave a fresh smell. You could use your favourite essential oil instead.
No? It's just me? Well, this is one of those posts. Be forewarned.
And I'm going to tell him to stay off the dang loudspeaker system unless it's really necessary. No point in letting him annoy the whole neighborhood.
2. Lemonade Stand Kit - I am crazy for Lemonade Stands and these kits are one of my all time favorites. They make perfect gifts and what kid wouldn't love to get everything they need to make their very own Lemonade Stand to enjoy on a hot summer day?
Here is this week's speculative fiction prompt. I'm not labeling it this week, so take it whatever direction you choose. Have fun with it!
Low interest rates a panacea for home buying?
The fights in this set are actually pretty brief. Vegeta makes short work of Android 19, showing of his new Super Saiyan abilities. Piccolo pays back Android 20 for stealing some of his energy in a nice curb stomp battle. Vegeta puts up a good fight against Android 18 but in the end, he's no much for her, but then, none of the Z Fighters are a match for 17 and 18 as they are quickly tossed aside with little to no effort.
“In a future Chicago, 16-year-old Beatrice Prior must choose among five predetermined factions to define her identity for the rest of her life, a decision made more difficult when she discovers that she is an anomaly who does not fit into any one group, and that the society she lives in is not perfect after all.” – Goodreads Blurb
Robert A. Hall is the actor who plays the coroner on CSI if you watch that show. He also is a Marine Vietnam War veteran.
I'm sure everyone is happy it is Friday!! I'm getting ready for a couple of big blog hops. I hope you join them. I'm in the process of trying to get all of the kids out of bed and out to school. Today seems harder, than others. I think they have summer fever. I'm going to show you this really cute apple I put together, yesterday. I thought the Lady Bug magnet turned out really nice on my freezer, so I decided to make another magnet. You can get your own Apple with a Worm at http://www.scrappingwithlisadesigns.com/item_34/Apple-With-Worm.htm under the dollar downloads.
Genre : Fantasy/Romance
Heidi is down-to-earth and approachable, super kind, strong in her faith and one of the most non-judgmental women I’ve met.
Of course, I had to bring out the Cricut and create a little banner for the table! For this, I used Mini Monograms. I cut out the foundation and the letters (using the circle, dots, stitches, and frame features) at 4 inches with white cardstock for the base, and I used red patterned paper and plain blue cardstock from my stash. So simple and very easy to create.
Follow Jesus!
I, for one, am a stickler for dialogue. Certain contractions were not in use in the early part of the 19th century, hence, cannot, do not, would not. I have an etomylogical dictionary for that purpose and I try and stay as close to the word choices of the day that I can.
TPOH are best known for their late eighties hit I'm an adult now, which I hated with a passion at the time - I was going through my "everything in the charts is crap" phase! I got my comeuppance a few years later - what I was listening to at the time (grunge) became mainstream (sigh)! Also, I felt I'm an adult now was championed by people who wouldn't know a good tune if it bit them on the arse!
a very special day swapping pressies and cards
Clawed out the life of cradled innocence.
Card Stock - Brown, Periwinkle - Bazzill
In honor of the repellant Hugo Weaving playing the repellant Red Skull in the Captain America movie, here’s a couple of favorite scenes of mine from Super Villain Team-Up #16.
It has been 54 days since he left. We are 19% through with this deployment. I'm sorry that just seems so low but hey got to start somewhere right?
What is a head lice infestation? It is when tiny insects live on the scalp. The organisms that eat little amounts of blood, much like mosquitoes do. You will find that not only you will have an itchy scalp, but you will have nits or eggs in your hair that are obvious and maybe even a number of little critters crawling around there. Head lice are not dangerous, but exceptionally contagious.
He was making out with her, there was no transition from the small talk they were making. It was sudden. His tongue forced itself past her lips where she was now drowning in his saliva. Getting sloppier, Leigh was aghast when she remembered how many beers he drank before. Everything he was doing now was repetitive. Hands trailing along her frame, she became claustrophobic. Especially when he stopped. Pulling back, Leigh realized that he was nearly asleep.
LOVE. THIS. BOOK. Mostly for Tris's character arc - her growth and development, and the sensitive way that Roth handles it.
Notice that my pencil lines are clean and smooth curves. If you find yourself drawing short, jagged lines as you work out a curve then try to break yourself of that habit NOW! Take your rough outline and trace clean smooth lines off it. When I teach comic drawing workshops this is a problem I see over and over again. As soon as students smooth out their lines the picture instantly looks more professional.
called, and drawn me from above,
AUSTIN/SAN ANTONIO TX
in fact, i'm thinking... very soon, i may begin to start to feel like my old self again. you see, at seven months old, this little jail-break has FINALLY begun to sleep through the night. we're talkin' between eight to twelve hours! maybe, just maybe, mr. b and i will now sleep more than three or four hours at a time. i think our internal clocks got so used to waking every few hours for so many months, now we just wake up whether we need to or not! so we are still draggin' quite a bit. i did not know the human body could go so long with so little and such broken up sleep. it's odd... isaac is sleeping more, and as a result, has boundless energy... fuel to crawl, climb and cruise to heart's content.
She makes me want to take huge risks.
Help me out
Does your child have a routine?
Gotta heart when cute meets organized! Wahoo!
"Hey, what if a modern-day battleship traveled back to the eve of the attack on Pearl Harbor to fight in World War II?"
i think it tells more of a story about who lives here than a perfect black one.
Churchill employed numerous research assistants for his extraordinary published opus, whereas Darwin harnessed his children’s energy to aid his experiments by monitoring the work of earthworms and charting the flight of bees. Neither man laboured in isolation – but conversely each of them created around himself time and space in which to think, work and play. Time and space into which selected colleagues and collaborators were invited rather than manifesting as a constantly available flow of information. Both houses are characterised by sense of completeness and detachment from unwanted intrusion, which I suspect is intrinsic and not the result of the heritage package deal.
Walking by foot down a mostly deserted Broadway through downtown, there were no broken windows, no smashed cars, not even a single broken bottle. Wisps of smoke from a smoldering garbage can fire were the only evidence of anything close to a "riot", at least until I arrived at 14th and Broadway to see the line of police and sheriffs in full riot gear, lined up behind barricades to prevent the re-taking of Oscar Grant Park.
This line, being a quote from David Whitehouse at the end of the piece in Scotland on Sunday yesterday about the Rangers bids, got me thinking. I fully expect that I am making a mountain out of not even a molehill here, so I offer everything I write below with the caveat that there is no concrete evidence to prove this is the plan, other than my own suspicions.
Funkyness Jam
Yep! That’s right. I’m on target, doing great, getting lots of stuff done. And now… I’m changing it all.
7.Cardamom : 1
Sharp discrepancies between official statistics and those of Interpol and the Medical Research Council are considered.
2.San Antonio Spurs
Do you have a favorite song and/or movie?
All death will he annul, all tears assuage?
Coloured with copics and prisma pencils
Squeezed between all the articles of anguish, attack, darkness, evil, hatred and strife, there is yet one more section to read. In Healthy Living, you can learn how to do this and that to support a balanced life and to live longer. As an older adult in midlife, I have wondered of late if this is life now, why would I want to live longer?
They bring their frantic dancing out among the herd of audience and smash styrofoam boards over our heads, exploding more confetti and glitter, that the techies were probably all too excited to sweep up afterwards, and inviting us to break out and dance with them. They all but turned the theatre into a nightclub!
The Daime, a drink known generically as Ayahuasca, is another typical example of a drug used for both its spiritual virtues and its reputation to facilitate the birth process. It is the basis of a spiritual practice, the Santo Daime, which was founded in the Brazilian Amazonian state of Acre in the 1930s and became a worldwide movement in the 1990s. Because the Daime is legal for religious use in Brazil, some midwives know about the effects of this drug during labour and do not hesitate to report their observations. This decoction is made from two or more plants, such as the leaves of ‘Psychotria viridis’, which have high concentrations of the psychoactive compound dimethyltryptamine. Not only is this substance found in many plants, but it is also created in small amount by the human body during normal metabolism. Its natural function remains undetermined. The stomach normally digests it, so that it does not reach the brain if consumed orally, except if it is mixed with a ‘monoamine oxidase inhibitor’ (MAOI). Interestingly the Daime also contains a vine, such as Banisteriopsis caapi, which is a source of MAOI. One can wonder how the natives found this combination without knowing anything about the interaction in the stomach of dimethyltryptamine and MAOI !
Reilly also said “The public needs to know if Tolling Authority members or their families have ties to Wall Street banks or construction companies that stand to profit from potentially lucrative construction, consulting, or finance contracts.”
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful seasoned mothers, new mothers and expectant mothers today!
It's a start!
R - Time is of the essence, Howard.
However, that's not the next book I'm writing. I'm currently working on the last chunk of Impulse, the sequel to the Jumper book, Reflex. We'll see how the 7th Sigma does before worrying about its sequel.
The Penguins desperately need someone to push each of them down one slot in the depth chart, and to eat up 20 minutes a night of mostly puck-possessing play. Matt Niskanen elevated his play to help in thie regard, but the team operates much better when he can play Letang-lite on the third pairing with Deryk Engelland.
My first indispensable tool is a light box. I use it to trace the individual pieces in my applique on to the rough side of freezer paper.
A scale is a series of notes that go in an ascending and descending manner. For every scale that is minor or major there are 7 notes, for example in the key of C the notes are C - D - E - F - G - A - B. and the 8th note (in this example will be C) goes back to the root note but an octave higher. (the 12th fret on a guitar).
Link up your actual blog post with the blue frog below
After all the sanding, the wood had really lightened up to a kinda blah, so this color is nice and refreshing.
The April 2010 Daring Bakers’ challenge was hosted by Esther of The Lilac Kitchen. She challenged everyone to make a traditional British pudding using, if possible, a very traditional British ingredient: suet.
A Griffith innovation which didn’t catch on: note that this print is not subtitled “Love’s Struggle Through the Ages” but “A Sun-Play of the Ages.” Did DW have it in mind of this to become the standard term, replacing “movie”? What a feather in the cap that would have been, to not only (falsely) claim to have invented everything in the cinematic lexicon, but to name the medium itself. I say we bring the term back.
This is my first time to be a Guest Designer of any blog and I am so honor to be asked by Anything Goes Challenge Blog to be their July Guest Designer. I can not wait to see what everybody else's creations. Thanks for having me.
...and we always have so much fun!
In parenting our children, help her also to continually show them a balanced picture of what you are like, first, by example and second, by biblical instruction.
Antibiotic therapy
I got another rejection.
I have to assume it’s because we have less trees on the hill so they are coming into the residential area more. Don’t get me wrong though, I love listening to them and watching them but it does raise the concern that they are more open to attack from domestic cats. All the great work the Bluff Hill/Motupohue Environment Trust are doing trapping pests on the hill and the bloody birds are going to get killed because their trees were removed and they’ve migrated towards the township hence this picture always pisses me off.
I know for a fact that several ex-South African policemen, not from the apartheid era, but from this current new democratic era, are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, as a consequence of what they have witnessed at crimes scenes. I am still in daily contact with these men and women, and it breaks my heart to hear how their lives have been shattered by the sadistic images of brutality that are fixed in their memories. I thought I saw my far share of horrific scenes during my career as a cop, but it’s not a patch to what these cops have experienced!
Wadmalaw Island, one of the sea islands just south of Charleston. We took a tour in a trolley that was converted into a bus. There they were, acres and acres of bushes that we learned were Camellia Sinensis tea plants. So this tea is a cousin of the beautiful flowering camellias found all over the southeast!!
A-driven’ up from Shallor Ford to stay the Sunday through;
No matter how much you know, earn or have, life is about getting along with others
(Now, in fairness, of course he was not talking only about physical science. He was talking about the expressions of suffering, which include “fear, suspicion, jealousy, anger attachment, that all center on I. Self as the center.”) And then he spent a lot of time explaining that point. Bonnie has his excellent early tapes of the Four Noble Truths that he presented in England, with our favorite translator, that lays it all out beautifully. I watch those also whenever possible. So do listen to that, and then here is his current summation. Beautiful. Do remember the word Dharma has been, can be, translated as “truth,” and refers to reality as it is – and when we study the Dharma we are trying to figure out what reality is, so that we don’t increase suffering.)
Do you know how hard it is to take a criticism delivered in a sh*tty way when you are a comedian by a man who is under 4’ tall!!!!!!! Do you have any idea the amount of restraint it takes for a comedian in this position to hold back? It was difficult, oh, so, difficult.
Living in the present, being here now – doesn’t preclude the what if process.
It wasn’t until I was halfway through drinking my milk that I realized it probably wasn’t pasteurized. I felt fine the rest of the day though. I hadn’t gotten sick at all yet which really surprises me. I was expecting to probably be sick for the first few days after I got here. Yay for modern medicine. The milk was very sweet and almost reminded me of egg nog. Like I said, I hadn’t gotten sick at all yet but at 5 this morning I woke up and was not feeling too good. I had diarrhea and took some Pepto Bismol. I woke up again at 6 had to use the bathroom and decided to break out some Cipro that had been packed for me in a medicine kit prepared by Passport Health Services in Lawrenceville, NJ where I received my yellow fever shot. Things like Pepto Bismol and Immodium A.D. only cover up the symptoms up diarrhea but Cipro is actually an antibiotic to kill the bacteria. I woke up again at 7 to use the bathroom and again at 8:40 when Dayyibu knocked on my door to ask if he could use my surge protector outlets to charge his phone battery. I felt okay but not great. I went over to the Lokkers’ home and ate a tiny amount of breakfast. Joan gave me some Gatorade to replenish myself and I went back to bed. I slept until about 12:30 and felt great. I took another Cipro at 6 and I’ll take two more tomorrow and two more the next day as the directions say I should do. I can get Cipro here at the clinic so if I run out, I’ll be okay. Not only will it be cheaper than in the states but I don’t need a prescription. I can just walk into the clinic, request some, pay a little bit, and there we go. It’s like that for all medicine. If you know exactly what you need, you don’t need to see a doctor. Just go for it.
Just because the word dora existed in telugu from times immemorial in our literature etc… does not mean that the British ruled India from then. It does not mean that telugu literature is the work of white men.
Get ready for the big time
7. I hope to make a change in the world. I want to always be inspired and always be working toward something. God gives each of us at least one gift and it is up to us to grow and use it as much as we can. I hope my writings inspire others.
f) otherwise bribe/cheat/steal. This is a lawless society.
Now I've attempted the work and I have to say that there is the phantom of my third reason lingering in my head. The prose is hopped up, perfervid, and overdosed. There are entire passage in which it is nearly impossible to make out what Kerouac is trying to convey--and I get the suspicion if I could make it out, I probably wouldn't care for it any more than I do the surrounding prose I comprehend.
Coat your hands with olive oil and start kneading the dough in the bowl for around 5 minutes. It will be annoyingly sticky, but the focaccia will taste amazing. PERSEVERE! Be prepared to add more olive oil and wash your hands often!
Corrupted Firehawk – Glory of the Firelands Raider
The study is on distracting sins. The first chapter is on pride…so we will go through some verses on the rewards of relying on God and the hardships of pride.
Early in 2005, Welsh film star John Rhys-Davies who played Gimli in Lord of the Rings told “World magazine ”the Muslim birthrate is a demographic catastrophe, I think that Tolkein says that some generations will be challenged. And if they do not rise to meet that challenge, they will lose their civilisation.” Film star John Hurt praised Enoch: “I think he was just saying: We can’t afford to have any more.”
I couldn't help but include a photo of my son (left) my husband and my son-in-law sitting under a gorgeous pink pouf light including crinoline which looked like a big gorgeous cotton candy.
Dangerous Dogs is the buzz word this week….and we not referring to the kennel at Tower D…there is now a lot of hullabulloo about the rightness or wrongness of the act, which some feel unfairly targets pitbull terriers and their owners. Don’t all dogs have the potential to be dangerous? Should just pitbulls be targetted (there are two other breeds named, but their numbers are few in Trinidad) or maybe dogs unleashed, and dogs over a certain size?
The follow-up question is why now rather than later or much earlier; and only Activision-Blizzard could tell you that; the cynics will say its because hacks cost too much (meh), but it could also be that it will be a legitimate and substantial improvement to the forums systems, that has been planned for a while. If the changes for RealID were being planned, it stands to reason that this was part of it.
I pray that Christ will make His Home in my heart through faith! Amen! I have my roots and foundation in love in Christ Jesus! Amen!
The idea was to plant out the majority of my tomatoes along there this year, plus some onions and herbs. Somehow, having used our own compost as well as a whole collection of organic materials, all sorts of other unplanned things have started gowing there. An elder branch and a hazel branch which were rammed into the ground to support the terraces have started sprouting. And the amongst the tomatoes all sorts of other stuff started sprouting: Yarrow
Ben is disgusted with himself for being attracted to someone so very young, yet he can’t get his cute parcel delivery boy out of his mind. One early scene I really enjoyed writing was when Ben can’t cope without his daily Ollie fix over the weekend, so stakes out the local park where Ollie has told him he skates:
Well considering today is Thanksgiving, I think its a good time to think of things I myself am thankful for. I decided for the month of November to write down ten things I was thankful for for that day each day in my journal. This lasted about 4 days....hahaha(got a little bit distracted and not as much journaling has been going on since a boy has entered my life..haha...I'm trying to do better though!) So I think I will make another one...albeit is definitely NOT complete!
Pop and then float away.
When she looked out the kitchen window, she could see it was really pouring outside. "It looks like an inside kind of day Lulu. That's okay, we've got plenty of things we can do. I think later, I might even start a fire in the fireplace since it’s so chilly in here. Are you hungry" as she went to get some food for her. Mary fed the cat and then started the coffee. She went to the pantry and got some oatmeal. When it was done, Mary put some blueberries in the oatmeal and sat at the kitchen table and contemplated what she would do that day.
Positive energizers:
Added apologies to all you people living in countries which can't access Spotify. I haven't done this to deliberately exclude you from the Festive fun, but it's the only easy way of making all these tunes generally available.
Potato Quesadillas
Belo Monte, with a capacity of 11,200 megawatts, is set to be the world’s third largest hydroelectric plant when it begins operations in 2015. The dam, one of the many planned for Brazil’s Amazon basin, has been criticized by environmentalists and indigenous rights groups who fear that the dam will increase often violent struggles over access to land in the contentious region.
Later in separation acrimony, Prince Charles said he never loved Diana. He loved her then, tried to be faithful to her, but then the marriage had "broken down" so he went back to Camilla. ...He loved Diana, he didn't love her...he appreciated the sons he had with her, but didn't love her ...
Avoiding Trojan viruses and Trojan malware is difficult because they find their way onto a person’s computer by preying on a person’s desire to be responsible or to have fun, for example. Often, it is difficult for computer users to see past these desires and make good choices. Trojan viruses and malware are marketed specifically at computer users to encourage them to download programs that have viruses or malware attached or embedded within them. One of the problems with Trojan viruses and malware is the fact that they can find their way onto a computer without a person ever even knowing about it until the damage has already been done.
Douglas B. Gurian, 38, Tenafly, N.J.
d) Facebook and chat. Data connectivity on phone means, people can and will reach out to me any time, and I am so tempted to engage with all my friends, all day long. If people have to come all the way home to see me, only neighbours will be left. Facebook represents my desire to be in touch with my friends all the time – to share thoughts and events as they occur. That desire could be limited to say half an hour every afternoon or something. What I’ve done is shifted to 2G on my phone. This makes fb a frustrating experience – it never loads. I hope this will eventually act as a deterrent!
"Can I paint my picture of the fish?"
02. Dear Dad
Portugal Defaults, America on The Waiting List? Soros Convenes ‘Bretton Woods II’! Washed-Up America Should Be Replaced By a World Government With a Global Currency Under UN Rule! GPs Must Return Flu Vaccine Over Narcolepsy Fears! Portugal Bailout Analysis: Is Spain Next For EU Help? U.S. General: Ground Troops to Invade Libya! Anthony Wile: Cultivating the New World Order! World Government And Global Currency!
I am beyond excited!
“I looked seriously anorexic,” they said.
I want to look forward to decorating the tree with glee and fiddledeedee. I want to inhale the scents that come only this time of year - spices and sweet and fresh. I want to gasp at the wonders. I will have no child running in breathlessly to tear open gifts, for my son and
Bishop Thomas Newton
Weizman illustrates the other side of this terrifyingly dislocating experience by quoting an article originally published during the 2002 invasion. Here, a Palestinian woman, whose home was raided, recounts her witnessing of this technique:Imagine it—you’re sitting in your living room, which you know so well; this is the room where the family watches television together after the evening meal. . . . And, suddenly, that wall disappears with a deafening roar, the room fills with dust and debris, and through the wall pours one soldier after the other, screaming orders. You have no idea if they’re after you, if they’ve come to take over your home, or if your house just lies on their route to somewhere else. The children are screaming, panicking. . . . Is it possible to even begin to imagine the horror experienced by a five-year-old child as four, six, eight, twelve soldiers, their faces painted black, submachine guns pointed everywhere, antennas protruding from their backpacks, making them look like giant alien bugs, blast their way through that wall?In fact, I'm reminded of a scene toward the end of the recent WWII film Days of Glory in which we see a German soldier blasting his way horizontally through a house, wall by wall, using his bazooka as a blunt instrument of architectural reorganization—"adjusting the relevant space to his needs," we might say—and chasing down the French troops without limiting himself to doors or stairways.
I started writing the lyrics for The Great Depression maybe a decade ago. The title was inspired by something Brad Pitt's character said in Fight Club: "We're the middle children of history, man. No purpose or place. We have no Great War. No Great Depression. Our Great War's a spiritual war... our Great Depression is our lives." At the time that really struck a chord with me, because I was struggling with my own personal depression, and was linking how I felt to wider conditions in society. But when I listened to even some of my favourite artists of the time, though many would go on about feeling sad, isolated and lonely, few would ever ask 'why?' So I decided to do that in a series of lyrics.
1 tsp olive oil + some
Savitz DA. Paternal exposures and pregnancy outcome: Miscarriage, stillbirth, low birth weight, preterm delivery. Olshan AF & Mattison DR (Eds.). Male-mediated developmental toxicity. New York, Plenum Press, 1994: 177-196. 177-184.
“What do you mean…?” Father stiffened.
Overall: Too dark for me; as the book progressed, I found myself sadder and sadder, sinking under the gloom. I can handle it for a short story but not novel-length. Recommended for the more stalwart reader.
3/4 cup shredded, sweetened coconut
5) Ecuador: The peak summer rates occur in May so you can beat those prices by going in March or April. Galapagos Islands anyone?
Alfredsson is turning 40 on Dec. 11.
3.Dunya, Lebanese mountain singer (From 'The Human Voice in the World of Islam' Tangent Records TGS 131).
had made it this far.
“How did they find me here?” I asked.
Once again it has been a busy and yet productive weekend, Andy and Jordi attended an executive meeting for the UCU on Saturday and gave some up dates with the campaign followed by some much appreciated applause. The members did a whip around seeing us raise a nice little donation for campaign materials; it is always nice to see committed individuals.
No, dammit, she will probably just think that is "cute." Fuck, she may even think he likes her.
Thousands of years and many suburban miles stretch between a visceral dependence upon divine grace and my dependence upon a purse-sized agenda. If God’s will dampens my path or inhibits the pace of my plans, I get frazzled. I fail to notice how His inconveniences nourish and reshape my heart, mind, and life. He showers me with unexpected blessings, and I huff at the lesser events which seem washed away. God never withholds a good thing from His beloved children unless He washes it aside to make room for something better. A farmer understands the value of soaking rains to soften hulls. Though it once seemed vital, the hull falls away and vanishes into the earth. The Son shines on tender shoots from the transformed seed, growing it toward abundant life.
I'm saying a prayer for them
"They're gone!" is all he hears.
Let go of judgements especially on yourself. You are a spirit being having a human being experience. Allow yourself to understand this and appreciate all this entails. Striving constantly for spiritual perfection is exhausting and stops you from being true to yourself. It creates doing rather than being.
*** okay, we all know I’m looking for a liiiiiittle more than just a normal guy, but you get what I’m saying LOL… and I’m not really looking per se, but if one were to happen to fall in my lap, I’d like him to be a lot more normal than these characters.
Another consideration is when do we introduce children to keyboarding. Experts recommend teaching keyboarding in third grade. First graders aren't really designed for accurate keyboarding skills. Their hands are too small for the land of QWERTY. It's actually not until middle school until children have the pinky reach needed.
I'm a popper.
So anyway, I'll update whenever I get my shit together on something new. I'm just feeling totally uninspired right now, which might have something to do with working full time or it might just be a normal dip in the ol' creativity, whatever. IT'S BEEN A GOOD RUN, BREAD AND HONEY. Shit's about to get real, tho. :P
The best thing about this book is Graham's clear method of study. Each chapter follows the same outline:
Twitter is my favorite social channel because it gives the best opportunity (so far) for feedback and interaction with our fans. It’s fun seeing how you can make someone’s entire week by linking out to their site, responding to their questions, or even giving them the chance to be heard.
SeattleDad over at Luke I am Your Father - one of my favorite Dad Bloggers - posted this fun little meme the other day and "tagged" me to suggest I might like to try it, too. You know what? He was right. This is kinda neat. And, hey, it's not like I have a lot of fresh content on here lately. Might as well delve into the archives for a bit of fun, eh?
Manuel sang a son to Tiffany! It was beautiful!
The first dreadskull is placed next the model as the wounded marker. Any further counters go on the models profile card (or on a bit of paper with their name on it) to keep them off the board. Since level 1 and 2 models can only have 1 wound (and die otherwise), they can all share the same profile card. Speaking of which, here is a peek at the new design...
My friend, the very talented polymer artist, Bonnie Kreger, has very generously agreed to share her Velveeta Fudge Recipe with us, just in time for your Thanksgiving table. Bonnie says this makes a big batch, which can be cut in half.
If all this is true, Paul’s God must be sovereign, all knowing, all-powerful, all controlling. This should have raised their spirits. Besides, what other options did they have? They had laboured tirelessly and unceasingly for two weeks and accomplished nothing. Now there is hope offered if they believe.
Presale tickets for the Soiled Dove show on February 2 are available starting December 30 at 10AM MST at https://www.vendini.com/ticket-software.html?e=31f3b4d756e87937437269292afdb610&t=tix
This view clearly has much wider significance. That it is at the edges of practically any sphere, from science to society, that diversity and innovation can be found. If you want to know what the next interesting thing will be, look to the edges of society where ideas clash and fuse. Permaculture itself has been pretty marginal for years – as has the eco-movement. Hippies have been quietly living in woods, harvesting water and composting poo for a long time – it is only now that those ideas are gaining weight in the mainstream.
It really all began two years before we moved to Portland, about four years ago. I moved to Lake Louise, and shortly after, Ty followed. It was one of the most beuatiful places I have ever lived. But friends? They were practically non existent. How could they be? The culture there is party town. Everyone got drunk. Moste everyone did drugs and slept around. We were the token christians. I tried. believe me, I tried. But people just viewed me as naive and cute.
Entry #57
These tales are packed with humour, heroes, victims and fear. They jangle in your veins and won't leave you alone. Manchester 6 is about the real streets, and the author knows what he's talking about.
One of the guys on our church softball team had invited me to a lift-a-thon at the Work Out Center, a fitness establishment in Columbiana, OH. It was a fund-raiser for a young woman named Chelsi Figley, whom I hadn’t met. She was born with Spina Bifida and has never had the use of her legs. So she uses her arms – and she uses them a lot. The event at the Work Out Center was to raise money for Chelsi to attend the 2010 International Paralympic Committee (IPC) Powerlifting World Championship in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Some would call her a widow, while others will say she is in mourning
These are just few of the images I was able to catch on this very special day.
Recommended for fans of heavier themes and lifelong vengeance quests anchored by strong dramatic performances; bonus for K-drama fans who want to dive into J-dramas.
First, the Scripture does have something to say about modesty, and it all begins with one’s approach to the Lord (1 Peter 3:15). The KJV uses the word “modest” only in 1 Timothy 2:9; it comes from a Greek word (kosimos) that means “well-arranged.” The actual Greek word is used one other time and that is in the next chapter (3:2); a man who desires to be an elder must be a male “of good behavior” (NKJV), “orderly” (KJV). The KJV uses the words “modest apparel” in 1 Timothy 2:9, while other translations will read, “suitable apparel with modesty” (NET), “respectable apparel with modesty” (ESV), “dress modestly with decency and propriety” (NIV).
It has been a crazy few days with lots of new deliveries. Lisa and I have ordered lots of wonderful new products including Fancy Pants, Jillibean Soup, Memory Box (What's in the Box is shipping in 10 days!), Little Yellow Bicycle and many more! Some of our early orders are now here and My Mind's Eye is arriving tomorrow.
Marinate fish. In a shallow dish, place fish. In a small bowl mix together olive oil, lime juice, cilantro, jalapeno, salt and pepper. Pour over fish and coat fish with marinade well. Set aside for thirty minutes.
Then Wednesday I'm taking a class with Ty & Marcia Schultz, Metal Steampunk & Milagro and we will melting metal and pouring it into silicone molds and creating molds and metal castings.
Amy (nods politely).
Has come to an end.
The world has lost its greatest beer writer. Michael Jackson passed away this morning, aged 65. Michael became world-famous in the late 80s with his television series "The Beer Hunter" on Discovery Channel.
Take our latest hero who went against the grain by not donning a cape. Instead he used a handful of “cheese”-flavored Pringles to fight crime. He is Snackman.
Tripel Karmeliet: Aside from macaroni & cheese, hot dogs, cereal, and pancakes, bologna was the only thing I'd eat until I was about six years old. I was nuts for bologna. And while that love affair endured, it didn't have frills; I wanted only a few slices of Oscar Mayer bologna with dill pickle chips on white bread smothered in plain yellow mustard. Had my five-year-old self had his way, he'd have eaten this simple bologna sandwich for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I ask for a month opt out. ( December) They say yes. They take the money in December anyway and then try to take the next due payments 10 days after that. I phone up to point out we cannot pay 4 fuel payments in less then a fortnight and they agreed to change the direct debit date to the end of January ( only they don't). I phone again when I realise by looking online they haven't and they advise me to cancel the direct debit as they have requested the money and it's too late to stop it, so I do. They take the money from the credit on the account anyway. Only £50 more on both. Why? The computer did it apparently. They had no other answer or any solution. It's is like going in my purse as it was our money. So we have still ending up paying more than 4 lots in a fortnight and the direct debit is still going out on the same day. Moral to this is don't take an opt out even if they say you can. Unbelievable.
Thank you Craig’s List for putting me in contact with my Table Maker Man!
Seems we've finally made a turn for the better over hear. Mo more aching ears, soar throats or wheezy coughs. So in celebration we are heading to the store after P.E. to get the ingredients to make these and this. Yum! I love the guiltless pleasure of pregnant indulgence :) Don't worry, I do plan to at least share the cheese cake with our friends on Friday night.
11. Percy Fired – music by David Matthews
From Thessalonica the Apostle Paul and his missionary team went to Berea.
Into eight almost equal portions, well, in a sort of way.
He was super pissed off when we first found out they were taking photos of us… At the start, we didn’t think much of it. Like we thought it was only a few that were doing it. But there were so many! Scary you know!
However, some protestors breached the barricades that the authorities had erected to cordon off the Dataran, Bersih’s original venue for their sit-in protest, and provoked the police into firing tear gas and water cannons at the crowds.
LDV: What inspired you to begin your career in graphic design?
With a toddler to care for while Paul was at school, all I ever got was a quick nap in the afternoon, and once school was out for summer, that went out of the window, too. I was lucky if I got an hour’s sleep a day and that’s really no exaggeration.
The headline was “Chefs say Todd’s out to lunch.”
- Stir in crushed pineapple, pineapple juice and pineapple extract.
In India alone, the cloud market is expected to increase from $400 million today to $4.5 billion by 2015, reports Indo Asian News Service. That growth could translate into 100,000 new jobs in India, according to a survey of CIOs in that country.
I love Little A with all my heart but I often miss my old life dearly. I miss my me time. When I reflect upon my alternate reality I realise that with a little patience, imagination, and magic dust I could conjure some of it into this existence with Little A. It's a question of intent and balancing my priorities.
is introducing eaters to pancakes beyond the normal realm. Leah Wilcox, the owner of Babycakes, says that the concept is “pancakes like you have never seen them before, inspired by delicious, savory, sweet, decadent pancakes in every flavor imaginable.” Wilcox, a Kendall College
The Foreign Secretary constantly referred to world opinion in his instruction to Tehran to “come to its senses” and resume negotiations on its nuclear programme.
MulberryCraftsUK online shop is a Home-Based business jointly run by Bev and Fun. We are both juggling between caring for our families and running this business from home. All dispatch is handle by Bev and Fun manage the stock and listing.
But we're trying a new inhaler and we'll see what happens.
‘Death’s Kingdom’ is a section heading in one of my favourite books: Brian Gardner’s Up the Line to Death: the War Poets, 1914-18 (Methuen, 1964). It and its companion The Terrible Rain are out of print at the moment, but if you’re lucky you can still find them through the magic of the Internet. The phrase refers to Nightfall by Herbert Asquith, which was written at Sanctuary Wood near Ypres in 1917.
BG18
He said: “The BNP have tried to con the voters recently by wearing a suit and tie in the vain attempt of pretending they are ‘respectable, non-racist’ politicians.
My goal weight right now is 190, and I know that by the these things will swallow me, so I’ve decided that when I reach my goal, I’m going to burn them. It will be a final goodbye. However, until then, I will wear them. Even when I’m 192 and I can use them as a blanket, I will have those babies strapped on with a belt. The night before the sending off I’ll wear them one last time. I might even cry a little.
Since 9 March they have had 143 views. That averages out to about 50 days or 3 viewers per day. This blog averaged in those 50 days 15,000 page views and 5,500 unique visitors, averaging about 175 visitors a day.
You may have lost a child and are reminded each year of that loss. Or you may be desperately trying to get pregnant and this day is a reminder of your many failed attempts. You could have even lost your own mother and are reminded how much you miss her.
"He is Here"
MH, if by any chance you are reading this, thank you for sharing this wonderful recipe!
We had to go to the Immigrations place ( aka Hell) and sit for hours and try to understand what they were telling us .. it always was the same, your papers aren't here yet, Stamp! Stamp! , come back in 3 months.
Everyone is working together to make the Olympic and Paralympic Games a great success, but there are some real issues employers need to start thinking about now. Your employees will fall largely into two groups:
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Fortunately, my friend knew me well enough not to be insulted.
It really was an easy project, but extremely time consuming (and I was making two at once.)
I wish I had the time to dig up the entire yard and care for it in such a way that I could grow food year-round and feed all of us almost exclusively on what I grew, but that is not realistic. The temperature doesn’t allow for that and neither does time. So, we grow what we can, on the land we have time to till. At this point, we’re not saving that much money by growing some of our own food, but anyway, I don’t think that’s the point. Honestly, I think what I love most of all, is that I know HOW to grow food. That, to me, is just amazing. Maybe the second best thing is that, one day, my kids will know that potatoes grow in the ground and cucumbers on vines, not trees J
The next post will highlight the X-degenerate region – it is much more interesting than what was conveyed in this post. After that we will focus on the ampliconic region and those huge palindromes and how it questions the idea of a non-recombining Y. Don’t worry; the best stuff is yet to come!
SS: Do you need me to call anyone?
As you can see, the weather was quite glorious, although it was a bit “breezy” on top of that mountain. We really don’t like to use the word “windy” here on the island, so in that case I guess you could say I’m recovering from a bit of “breezeburn” on my face.
Nifty, Aye?
(Speaking of great stuff...I picked up Nora early at school today, and took her to lunch at the General Lafayette. I had a cask Pacific Pale Ale that was great, dry and hoppy, with a rare Steak Frites that was probably the very best food I've ever had at the General; great fries (salt and pepper'd fresh-cuts) and a very toothsome piece of beef, done just to my order. Nice work on the kitchen recovery, Chris!)
Unexpectedly fell in love with Kelley Armstrong's YA last year when I got an ARC of The Gathering. Its sequel was even more intense! The excitement was amped up to the degree of the Darkest Powers trilogy. Loved it, loved it, loved it but wow cliffhanger. And now another year to wait for the finale, The Raising.
Bin Laden, according to the source, was suffering from a serious lung complication and succumbed to the disease in mid-December, in the vicinity of the Tora Bora mountains. The source claimed that bin Laden was laid to rest honorably in his last abode and his grave was made as per his Wahabi belief.
anybody else need anything?
Lasts can be happy or sad as well - the last diaper you have to change, the final nursing session, the last night they sleep in their crib.
So what did I read this week. I finished reading The Night Circus which I adored. I thought the book was quite enchanting and took me away to another world. A world full of magic and charm.
Meanwhile, Chiang Mai public health chief Dr Wattana Kanjanakamon said large amounts of smoke in the air in his province had caused the number of patients to increase by 10 per cent this month.
The conservatives do find that a lay men can not bring a sermon because according to the Roman Catholic Church such a task is only for the ordained, priest, bishop, cardinal or Pope. “Lay may not may preach. Point. A sermon is not ‘the word Gods’, but an explanation by the H. Gospel” the Catholic Action says and therefore the writers of the manifest asking to have laymen also to be able to preach is one more reason they are heretics.
I never thought much about military types and when I did, it was not good. My assumption was that they were less intelligent than I was and far more prone to senseless violence. My parent’s moderate social and environmental activism had inadvertently bred in me the idea I was above war-like behavior despite the fact that my father had served in the army himself before going to college.
As the Dutch politician Pym Fortuyn put it in a television interview the day before he was killed for criticizing the rise of Islam in Holland, “I think the guests are trying to take over the house.”
~You MUST post to the Inky Impressions Inspirational Blog a minimum of 1 time per month, dates to be assigned at the beginning of your term.
Farewell 2007, Clean slate in 2008.
I have a duty to put their interests and the interests of the British National Party first.
Live here and now
Became the shelter for Indra and the gods, while I killed their enemy.
Not so's you'd notice - given my recent not-postingness - but I'm on a two- to three-week summer blogging hiatus whilst I deal with summer issues.
Today, if all goes well, we're bidding a fond farewell to the Kelvinator in the camp. I'm not sure just what vintage that refrigerator is, but it's got to be about the same age as the model pictured in the ad, which is from 1940. I have a hard time picturing any appliance made today lasting for over 70 years, but our Kelvinator is still muddling along, sort of.
Lady Clare is used to taking care of her people but things are getting tough as he father has past and people want her land. Garth comes into save the day to become the husband of Clare. But wedded bliss will not come easy there will be struggles and fights but Garth and Clare will have to solve their own problems to help their people.
to open it myself.
This is the first post of my “State of the Race” series on competitive races in the state of Michigan. I am starting very purposefully with a race very close to my heart: Michigan’s First District. The “fightin’ first” as Stephen Colbert would say, is the largest district East of the Mississippi river, as seen below.
This is a substantial amount of money. At the Policing Board Sinn Fein have already asked for sight of the Surveillance Commissioners’ report — an annual audit into the use of informants by each force — which has been refused.
So....... the big t.t.t.t.teenager question!! Many people feel confident to homeschool or unschool the primary years, but when it comes to the high school age group their legs turn to jelly! I guess I can understand this in a way. I mean, we all dropped out of school before the high school years didn't we? So we wouldn't have a clue, of course! But the truth is, most of us (if not all of us) went to high school and even graduated from high school, but somehow we don't feel confident to walk through these years alongside our teenagers. We can so easily sit in a place of fear, biting our nails, and looking anxiously over our shoulder to see how everyone else is performing, and looking at our own child, wondering if they'll "turn out okay".
Place eggs in a small pot / saucepan and fill up with water until eggs are submerged. Place on the stove and heat until water comes to a boil. Use a spoon to move the eggs around occasionally so that the yolks stay in the centre of the egg. Let it boil for about 3-5 minutes. The eggs should be semi-hard-boiled. Turn off the flame, discard the water and place the eggs in bowl of cold tap water to let them cool. Using the back of a tablespoon, tap the eggshell all over to create cracks that are deep enough without the shells breaking off in pieces.
I build a bonfire every few weeks in my back yard and leave them outside with it. I give them hotdog roasting sticks and they cook their own dinners over the fire. My only rules: Don’t run near the fire, don’t cook food if there is anything plastic burning in the fire (not because of “the chemicals,” which are probably there, but also because it tastes bad and ruins the food), and the fire must stay in the fire-pit, not on “cool torches carried all over the yard.”
I have a gallon of this beautifully subtle dove gray paint. I picked it up at the mistint counter at Home Depot for $5 and I’ve gotten so much use out of it. It’s a Behr Exterior Enamel, and it’s super durable! I love using exterior paints on furniture for it’s durability.
"Man, I HATE it when you're right!"
This weekend is going to be rather busy.
Hey Julian,
To qualify for our random drawing, you can do any or all of the following:
The kale is no longer green but more of a cross between Chartreuse and yellow. I had planned to make kale chips – have heard so many great things about kale chips.
Note how the picture looks a little distressed or worn looking. I actually kinda dig it, so I don't have a problem with it. I really don't know if it's possible to get a perfect transfer of ink. So just bare that in mind should you decide to try this out on your own. A vintage/rustic look can/should be expected.
More about Joanne:
The stigma also surrounds mental health illness too and that HAS to be stopped! Those who are suffering from the various types of mental health illnesses, depression being one of them and almost always associated with suicide, are afraid to reach out for the very help they need. They are fearful of being judged, of being labelled, embarrassment is often felt and yet if they had cancer or any other disease – and believe me – mental health illness is a disease!, they wouldn’t experience that at all. They’d receive understanding, compassion, empathy and support.
comes with directions and a guarantee.
“An Irish Pharisee!” he exclaimed! “What?” said his priest. “Where did you get that from”? It’s John 3:1 – “Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nic O’demus…” says he.
Ink: Memento tuxedo black (Tsukineko), Distress Ink shabby shutters (Ranger), Copic markers
Reigning champions United struggled to carve out any chances as they slipped behind City on goal difference with two matches remaining.
Let him have your submerged treasure
And the concept of trusteeship is present in every moment of our life, leads us to choose what is in the newspapers, who invites the artists who make the programming of a room, who selects the food that ends up in dining table.
1) First things first, I didn't have the paint colour on hand that I wanted so I had to mix it. By some miracle I got the exact colour I wanted...peach! (white tinted with pumpkin orange and mustard yellow)
For example how?
We all have been through it at one time or another. We have all wanted to be cool. We have all wanted to be a part of the “In crowd.” We have all wanted to be the hero. Come on, don’t act like you didn’t. The problem is we have been sold a packaged version of cool. The cool you see in the movies, on television or up on stage. We have been sold an image of cool to get us to stand in line to get in a club, or go see a show. The cool we have been sold is a lie. It is a false sense of belonging. To be a part of something that is not real, and so fleeting we can never figure it out. The cool we are being sold comes and goes like the wind. You wake up the next day and it is over. But, how cool would it be to be able to fully know and operate in the truth?
In a 2011 study, Nelson and colleagues found shorter telomeres in Romanian children who had spent more time in institutions, compared with children sent to foster care.http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/story/2012-04-24/violence-cellular-mark/54493338/1?csp=34news
For it had never mattered
Although children are impacted almost all of the time, the lice may still change the whole community. It is understandable that a number of parents to stop utilizing these consumer goods after numerous failed attempts. When you try to kill lice in the hair or head, you should take it seriously and work to be done carefully and correctly. Let the mayonnaise is provided in several minutes and rinse.
The boy was supposed to apply for bail yesterday, but told his lawyer not to go ahead with the application because he was comfortable at the place of safety where he has been held since his arrest.
*Disclaimer: if you automatically assume I’m taking a dig at Twilight here, think again. I have never read it and don’t have much of an opinion on it beyond as an interesting study for a writer. If you’re one of those people who violently dislikes the series, remember, it was extremely successful. Writing is communication. Obviously it reached something in its readers. Whether or not you like it, you can learn from it.
“If Big Cinema takes a lead in resolving the matter, it will put pressure on the other national-level multiplex chains like PVR Cinems, Inox Leisure, Fun Cinema and Cinemax that have stood united in their negotiations with the Bollywood producers,” the source said.
take over in a matter of weeks.
I think like most people... I had natural progression down to smaller leads from when I first started using non-pens. (everyone calls pencils "non-pens" right?) You had your Yellow #2 and it stayed as sharp as you had the energy to walk to the pencil sharpener for.
My grandmother lived to be ninety-four. She lived just long enough to meet my daughter, Emily, and to advise us to feed her on bread-and-milk. I don't think we took her advice.
On a brighter note Alyson has found a good use for raw garlic. Garlic is both antibacterial and antiviral! Any time Alyson has a cough or a sniffle she chops a clove in half and swallows them like pills. Its cheaper and more natural that the capsules they sell in the store and it works well. But be warned it is still garlic and 1 or 2 days later you may smell it again, if you know what I mean….
Reminding us that you're never too old to learn and that while our commutes progressively get slower, our perception of time seems to get faster. Not weak at all.
Please read through our enrollment instructions and school policy before you reserve your classes:
In 1941, George traveled back to his birthplace with his father Gaskell, marveling at the ups-and-downs of the family history.
A cute little bag
Based on the British Crime Survey, domestic violence is the largest single form of crime against women in the UK. In the British Crime Survey of 2007/2008, domestic violence accounted for about one in six violent incidents, approximately 16%.
Enjoy, and fish out.
So, last week heralded my final foray into the core career path that I chose as an idealistic teenager, my role as a communications manager came to a close. I have moved into the realm of economic development and government policy research, my first assignment is presenting a range of perspectives on my research (so far) at conferences, so today I’m enroute to Melbourne.
If you would like me to do a color analysis for you (includes blog feature with pictures and customized color shopping list with your own personal power color) that will bring out your own unique glow, contact me at glowingcolor@gmail.com for rates.
However, Minister Kent is also a pit bull in the cabinet. He has been hand picked because of his knowledge of the media. He can attack when that is needed, as he did when it was deemed necessary to question the integrity of certain environmental activist groups in the Enbridge Northern Gateway debate. When employing his menacing style he can, through fear, stop others from speaking, as he did recently with scientists employed by the government. But his favorite tactic is to threaten those who have very limited means to protect themselves.
Grayson slammed his whiskey glass on the table. “Damn it, man. Are you daft all of a sudden?” Grayson leaned forward as he glanced around at the men sitting nearby who had turned to stare. “I know the authorities will search for her. I can’t stop that, but that’s not what I want because it’s not enough. How much confidence will the voting public have if they only read about me waiting passively in this lavish hotel while Elizabeth endures unspeakable horrors and deprivations at the hands of her abductor?” He knew he had to balance cooperation with authorities with his private plans, and the last thing he wanted was the Pinkertons involved, but he also knew that was out of his hands if Edward had already contacted them. They’d only muddy up the glory he wanted for himself and complicate his plan to kill Valderas outright.
What cliches do you hate in paranormal romance? Which ones do you love?
The girls loved helping, too, and I think I need to order new crayons, for them to use, as well:
There are many, many more but I’ve selected these apps to give the students a good toolbox of skills.
What is there to be said? For a figure in public life to be involved in this sort of thing clearly shows that he’s a bit of an idiot, one who has now wrecked a promising political career. But what a fuss about nothing. It was a stag party; people do the stupidest things; and when men are stupid they are really stupid. If anything it shows that the symbols of Nazism themselves have become a bit of a joke, dress for comic party antics, by appointment to Prince Harry!
Finally, the Applicant might have strengthened his position by making arguments for dependent claims which more clearly spelled out the type of error meant by "hardware error," e.g., memory read error.
The Communications Group of President Aquino will soon have three spokespersons: Herminio ‘Sonny’ Coloma, Edwin Lacierda, and Ricky Carandang – one for dzMM, another for ABS-CBN, and a third for ANC.
Now, it would seem, central government is beginning to blow less wind. The big multinationals, who are investing heavily in offshore wind, are beginning to worry that the cornucopia is not endless, that subsidies may no longer he as easy to get in future as they were in the past. Vestas, which wants to build a turbine factory in the county of Kent, is seeking assurances from David Cameron, the Prime Minister, that he is still behind wind energy. Thankfully, George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer and master of the purse strings, has made it clear that he at least is dead set against further expansion, all on the grounds of cost.
Roasted Shrimp With Marjoram
Wherever you are at with your learning, know that there are new distinctions that will help you with your continual improvement. One course won’t totally ’fix’ you – it will change you, in some way, and it will ADD to what you have already done, and what you will do in the future.
The first one is a gold metallic striped cowlneck shirt that needed an update.
Seriously, I believe you can't underestimate what you're doing when you sit down to write. You're not just transferring thoughts to paper, you're re-imaging the world, often replacing reality with something more powerful, meaningful and satisfying.
The piece of legislation, sponsored by Republic Senator Rene Garcia of
And I guess it was if you were an 8-year-old kid whose parents were still in their early thirties and not cocked up on pills.
In my own case, I am not so sure. From where I sit now, I think that, had I transitioned twenty years back I’d have faded…but happily: dwindled to Stepford wife and beauty therapist.
Welcome to the motherfuckin Jean-Claude show, bitches!
A diverse mix of hard rock, blues, punk, and psych, all with a semi-garage flavor, and fairly non-commercial orientation. Grades - 1 A, 2 B's, 3 B-'s, and a C. This issue is anumbered micro-press of 350 copies.
The terms black humor is thrown around a lot these days. Originally, the term was invented by Surrealist André Breton to describe comedies where the humor was derived from cynism and skepticism. But the term has many derivatives, including black comedy. Black comedy focuses on taboo topics, in particular death, and takes a satirical look on them while maintaining a sense of seriousness. Therefore, the goal of black comedy is to cause the audience to experience laughter and discomfort at the same time. One of the most famous examples of black comedy is Stanley Kubrick’s Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964), a film that found humor in such topics as nuclear warfare and the complete extinction of life on earth.
What does get my goat is the intransigent refusal of the government to bear down nothing less than the full weight of the law in every case. Are the lives of these women worth less in the eyes of parliamentarians?
Actually, thinking about it, if I go onto Birdsnest.com.au and buy one item from Corporate Mummy, one from Party Granny and one from Playful Active that should come close to my personality today. Then I’ll wear my cut-downs with thongs and a blazer for the office tomorrow because I simply cant find any retailers offering a personality section for ‘Fruitloop Freelancer’.
The servant gurgled, blood mingling with piss and shit, several of his teeth broken in pieces about him. “Now,” Lord Fuckington exclaimed, “be sure to do a good job cleaning up this mess, there’s a good lad.” David turned and left his sleeping chamber whistling faintly. An exemplary start to the day, he thought to himself.
If Ronald Reagan were alive today he would walk up to Obama after his incredibly slanderous and dishonest words, slap him right in the face, and say, “How DARE you?” But genuine and profound coward that he is, Obama goes after the legacy of a dead man rather than all the men Reagan named who are still alive to defend the record.
AWESOME knitting shops. At Penelope Craft she could see I was having trouble deciding between colourways and offered me the use of her mac to look at my ravelry queue. Now that is someone who understands their customers.
Tim Minchin will be playing Judas Iscariot. Tim is a musical comedian who has had fantastic success with Matilda the musical which he was the co-writer of. The former Spice Girl Melanie C will be playing Mary Magdalene musical, she has had some experience in Blood Brothers in the West End. BBC Radio 1's Chris Moyles will make his stage debut as King Herod.
I've been on a bit of a roller coaster for the past 36 hours or so. I've had amazingly positive things happen that have left me awestruck, wondering what I have ever done to deserve such luck. But there have also been a number of moments, some stretching into longer periods, where I have simply been off my game. Nothing major, I'm sure, but something inside just isn't quite right just now.
To tell the truth, I don't use DJ Intelligence's database in my own DJ business -- I compile my own song lists targeted to my clients and reflecting my own musical knowledge, and I have other ways of soliciting my clients' musical input. But I'd be a fool to ignore their charts entirely . . . and my Mama didn't raise no fool.
Ways You Can Spend the Extra Hour
When we returned home, the first thing I did when we walked in the door was turn my oven to 375 degrees and pop the dish in to bake. (No real need to preheat and waste extra energy.) It baked about 15-20 minutes and when the whole thing was warmed through, the cheese was melted, and the bread crumbs were brown it was done!
After I’d passed Arsikere, which is a largish town, I decided to stop at the first shaded cool bus-stop that I came across. But as luck would have it, the highway beyond Arsikere was being widened. Not only had they uprooted all the road-side trees but also covered the sides with loose mud, so that in places where some old figs a little off the road stretched out to offer me some shade, there was no place to actually sit. So on and on I went until I just had to stop at a little culvert under a small raintree. This was the first of many stops that I would make that afternoon. But it wasn’t very cool there and so once I had my breath back, I just decided to go on and try my luck further up the road.
Fool - The character loses 200 experience points and must draw from the deck again.
Sunday night took a little longer to get to bed but with the threat of having to go back to his room and sleep in his old bed we settled the fit down. And they both slept all night!!! Callie was cute as when I was telling him he would just have to go back to his old bed in his room she said but I don't want him to. He didn't either which worked out well.
I am HIS…ummm ok I’ll admit it I am his storm.
What are the bets that this fuck is secretly very pleased that the terrorists got her. Logical explanation, my dear Watson.
turns the earth
“There’s no money, is there?” I say.
“While large-scale oil-shale development offers socioeconomic opportunities it also poses certain socioeconomic challenges that also should not be overlooked,” she testified. “Oil shale development like other extractive industries can bring a sizable influx of workers who along with their families put additional stressed on local infrastructure. Development from expansion of extractive industries has historically followed a boom-and-bust cycle making planning for growth difficult for local governments.”
Answering question 2 isn’t as straightforward as it may sound. It is not a case of what are the differences between photo 1 and photo 2. As the judge notes, it is possible to “reproduce a substantial part without necessarily producing something that looks similar”.
You know this hatred plagues my mind
Genre: High School Action-Comedy Anime.
When God at first made man,
I am a little nervous about beginning to share with my student this time of year. As we return from our April break, the next big break on the horizon is summer. It very quickly becomes the “second to last time…” or the “final…” whatever it is in our daily routines. It won’t be long before they realize that they will be moving on to 6th grade, but the iPads will be staying in 5th grade with me. I look forward to hearing their end-of-the-year reflections about this experience as well as their advice for what I should do with my students next year.
Actually, I have no real plan on what I want to read this week. Wish me luck with my reviews and see you Tuesday for the Mini-Challenge!
Unlike most firm hold hairsprays, it doesn't make my hair hard or sticky in any way. In fact, I could still comb through my hair with ease. Also, It does not crunch my hair nor made it look flaky as cheap sprays can do.
The National Security Agency was created on November 4, 1952 under Harry S. Truman. For twenty-five years, only the people involved knew of the existence of this secret agency. In fact, the NSA was so secret even the name was classified — most of the people working for the agency didn’t even know the name of the organization that employed them. Now, of course, the NSA is a staple for conspiracy buffs and thriller writers, though the truth is even spookier than fiction.
Tomorrow I will begin number 100, an upbeat non-fiction book called French Dirt , about a man who moves to a tiny village in France, possibly one of the ones Don and I biked through several years ago, and learns to love the people through working on their farms and falls in love with the country for the smell of the soil. Now that's something I can relate to!
over a five year period? How
Me: "What does your dentist say?"
*Kiss*
But first let me explain what these Urban Legends of Dumb Workers are all about. They are the stories you hear every so often that happened to someone than later another person had the exact same experience, and your all like “Oh My God! What a coincidence!!” until you hear it for a third, and fourth and the legend continues as you find yourself travelling from jobsite to jobsite. Unsure how to react the next time you hear it, I try to fight the urge to simply finish the line for them, and explain that “It happened to nine other people I’ve met, I just wonder did you all goto the same place?”
What a great event. We are so proud of what we were able to accomplish with the help of the best family and friends in the world! The Katie Starr Team will top $10,000.00 when the tally is done. I just sent the Foundation Fighting Blindness a new batch of checks that were given to me. We have until June to finalize this fiscal year so we will continue to add to our total so that the research for the treatments and a possible cure for Hereditary Retinal Blindness can go on! We will not stop until that happens!
Sundays, during NFL games
PM: 1:14, 2500'
Ignoring the cost aspect and telling myself the next article I edit will almost pay for the suit (which is true), I ordered a two piece hoodless suit from Splashgear.
She is doing much better thanks to some
Yesterday was my husband's birthday. I had the day planned out to the letter. We were going to rise, I would present Alex with his birthday cards from me, both dogs, the cat, and the 30 or so fish that grace our pond. I would then make him a festive breakfast of pancakes shaped like Mickey Mouse, fry him up some pepper cured bacon, and make him a pot of strong Starbucks French Roast coffee.
Never in a million light years would I would have guessed that I would have found such tremendous friends....and you know who you are. These girls would take a bullet for me and I'd take one for them. They truly are my soul-sisters and I adore them. That being said, we talk/write each and every day. Often several times a day depending on how much we are procrastinating our work. So I feel very much a part of the blog world....the world is just much smaller. And that was what I was looking for: a support group and I was lucky to find this awesome group.
Labour has pursued policies, be they social or economic, for ideological reasons: and when they fail, as so many have, it has not been because of slipshod administration. It is because that was how things were always going to work out.
The Nillumbik Open Studio weekend is May 5 & 6. The Gallery will be open along with the various teaching and painting studios on the property.
It is ethereal.
Add a few extra steps. Like going online to convert 2.75 cups milk to 650 ml. And soaking the strawberries in a dilute of Betadine disinfectant, rinsing with (yes, overkill) bottled water we then filter and boil. I hope this works; the embassy doc recommends bleach solution instead.
We left on Mo around midday and reached Paris during the sunrise Tues, which was really beautiful and it increased the atmosphere even more. (Mainly after that horrible travel I wasn't able to fall asleep at all :O)
Take a look at some of the other link-ups in this increasingly small – dare I say, vicious? – circle. In August NYSE acquired Tokyo-based firm Metabit. This outfit ‘helps hedge funds and others trade as quickly and smoothly as possible on electronic markets across Asia and in Australia.’ Blimey, that sounds like a good idea for the ordinary investor: high speed hedge funds in dark pools…result!
Ok
Angélique in Barbary
Political donations are also very unevenly distributed, considerably above the 80-20 rule. The problem from a political perspective is that donations buy influence and such influence is very unevenly distributed, which does not seem to be following the democratic ideals of the one-person, one-vote principle of equal representation.
I wrote this list while I was still pregnant, so some of it is present-tense even though I'm no longer pregnant.
It is a day to remember.
Mid Clinical Stage Products 16
5And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.
****CLICK ON PICTURES FOR LARGER IMAGES
Promise?
And this surely ought to raise questions in our minds. Much is made of wisdom in the opening chapters. Solomon is the ‘wise man’ of his generation (cf 1 Ki 4:31). Moreover, this wisdom is a gift from God himself (see chapter 3). If we were reading Kings for the first time, we would surely be saying to ourselves that wisdom is clearly of the utmost importance. And yet after Solomon, there is no more wisdom.
Forstner bit (some people call them hinge cutters) -
At the approaches of the dawn,
After Mubarak promised to eventually lift the emergency law in place since 1981, the military command gave a more specific timetable, saying they would go once the protests end — “immediately after the end of the current circumstances.” The law gives police and security forces almost unlimited powers of arrest, which opponents say they have used to crush dissent. Police are also accused of widespread use of torture.
I just say, "I'm traveling for my job". Easier for others to understand than to say "I live in my RV".
The Board looked favorably on Zanella's actions:
Hachi: You better enjoy that beer though because some kids in India are sober.
Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi: A Muslim in Europe or America can marry a Christian woman or a woman from among the People of the Book, under four conditions:
The individual flowers on the sticker sheet looked great with a vine die cut that I have. I cut out the sentiment from the Happy Notes sheet and adhered it to the bottom.
But after many trips to Ukraine over the years and experiencing the post-Soviet transformation first hand (including the Orange Revolution), my ultimate conclusion after my last trip a few years ago was this: the transition in Ukraine is so slow, it’s barely noticeable.
Roger that... Uh, we are stable...
Today I am Grateful for the 'Housecoat Fairy' Every morning I wake up, reach into the closet and put on my housecoat. Every morning it is hanging there, despite my leaving it in the bathroom the day before. (or on the bedroom floor or flung over the rocking chair) I probably don't say thank-you enough for the everyday 'little things' so today 'Housecoat Fairy' you are my Gratitude.
As one watches The Clock, the regular rhythm of our days are slowly revealed, and each hour’s unique character comes back – like the memory of an old friend. For instance, one o’ clock is the lunch hour and so we see scenes of people in restaurants: eating, drinking, and placing their orders. Some are late for appointments; others are busy at work. Some are stuck in traffic; others walk crowded city streets. Some wait for their lovers; others wait in a queue.
So here's a quick reminder for the blog candy post, which is HERE, closing the 25th. I keep adding extra goodies, so there's no telling what all will be in there by the time it actually ends!
Hubby has always recommend this resort in Pattaya, I would say yes too if you have kids!
Buddhi is that part of your mind that can learn and is taught.. the knowing part of your mind.
Chiara is playing model for this little bag. After all it used to be her pair of jeans she own for less as a year, still would fit perfect. She just added it to the collection of jeans with holes on the knees. So well, I already had it on my list to make a bag for a little someone and the fabric for the lining was already picked out a month or two ago and simply waiting. Jeans came along, movie was playing, scissors were close - ratzfatz - the legs were off. The pants. You know what I meant.
The palm tree has six character traits…
WHAT:
Truly.
Can't wait to see what you have all been up to.
My goodness, baby girls are sweet, aren't they?!
But I learned my lesson and I hope you'll learn from my mistake, friends.
If you don't know Christine, she's the author of America Walks into a Bar: A Spirited History of Taverns and Saloons, Speakeasies and Grog Shops, as well as Mondo Cocktail: A Shaken and Stirred History. She also contributes drink columns for Report on Business and Eye Weekly magazine. She kindly let me toss a few questions her way regarding her upcoming seminar.
It's 3am. The night sky listens in awe
You can also ease in and out by reusing a word, object, or concept that appears in the previous sentence or paragraph in the beginning of the next paragraph.
You and I know
Doom and gloom are all around us. The war, the economy, political dissention, religious dissention. Seems you can’t turn around without someone telling you how horrifically tragic everything is. Some people are saying book sales are down – people won’t buy books when they can’t afford essentials. But they’re wrong. Readers will read regardless. Readers will read MORE to escape their own reality.
"Well, boys and girls can sit beside each other at school and not get a baby so how do a man and a woman make one?"
4, In so far as the persons serving in the Indian Audit and Account Department are concerned, these orders are issued in consultation with the Comptroller & Auditor General of India.
3Arts has worked closely with the city and state to explore every possible funding option to restore its deteriorating building to house an affordable artist community and public art center. This difficult decision was made after the organization learned that approximately $5.5 million of the anticipated public funds, which it had counted on to initiate the planned renovation and restoration, would not be forthcoming.
That's all to report for this week, I think I'll move on to something more seasonal now! What's on your sewing table, and what shoes would you wear with this dress?
You see, Grails scripts expect to be single threaded, none of their environment is thread safe in any way, especially the global AntBuilder instance.
So today a few thoughts and resources to help understand the How.
Spend a day at Raley Field and help benefit the California Volunteer Movement, Sacramento Food Bank and Family Services, Sacramento Boys and Girls Clubs, Omni Youth Programs, Susan G. Komen Foundation, A Touch of Understanding and more. There will be live music, local celebrities, entertainment, food and beverages.
I gotta say that I have been reading a lot of non-fiction books lately. Mostly centered around Sociological themes. ‘Here Comes Everybody’ by Clay Shirky I definitely recommend. It gives you the opportunity to understand the way people organize around technologies, and how society as a whole reforms in unprecedented directions. Fascinating. If you don’t want to read the book, try youtubing some of his talks. Cool stuff. I have read other books lately, but non really worth mentioning.
It’s not that anything MDS wrote is wrong, or anything, it’s just that even poor showings tend to come across with quite a different tone on major sites like MMA Fighting, Ben Fowlkes’ excellent comically-tinted pieces aside. So, MMA promoters, take this as a lesson — if you’re going to put on a bad show, by all means go for it, but at least have the decency to do so without making your viewers pay for the opportunity to be let down.
That uncertainty is the only clarity at hand
One great big shiny bright tunnel ahead. Going to feel amazing.
Rebecca's life sucked before she became an angel. Crappy apartment, awful jobs, abusive boyfriends--it was no wonder she jumped at the chance to escape it all and become a real live angel. The problem is Rebecca's not very angelic,and she'll have to do more to earn her wings than end her love affair with the word f--er,frick.
“Mom, they’re creepy. I’m not touching those things” said Addy.
they entered, they did not find the body of the Lord Jesus. While they were puzzling over this, behold, two men in dazzling garments appeared to them.
As soon as you start researching a historical novel, you discover that the past really is a foreign country, and they really do do things differently there. That's part of the fear and part of the fun: you're the pioneer in this strange land, hacking back the jungle and getting the measure of the natives, before you go back to collect your readers, and lead them through it in their turn.
Lighting, look for the umbrella lights, they are awesome, LED, multi purpose and 12-24 LED lights that give great all around lighting. I also want the Xmass LED’s but will have to wait. Backup and nightly use of Kerosene and Oil lamps, along with homemade veggie oil lamps supply my lighting.
5. Invisibility- definitely needed right at the end on Friday when the relatives turned their attention away from me & onto each other. Friday’s high (low) point was the stand up argument between my mother and uncle over the bill. My mother was insisting on paying for everyone & my uncle was proudly refusing and throwing ten pound notes at her. I was sat in the middle singing happy birthday to myself in my head – no actually just sat there cringing in embarrassment. Invisibility – where were you when I needed you?
“That means we’re either going through, over or around Atlanta, right?” Jerry asked.
4 small boneless skinless chicken breast halves (1 lb.)
Today I have a life-changing recipe for you.
So my 25th Birthday is just a couple days away now, and I already know what two of my gifts are... Already know the girls at work are going to decorate my desk and shove a ton of confetti everywhere. I'll be pulling out "happy birthday" glitter until my 26th lol.
With a round brick granary and a big red barn,
Next time you’re at the shop, make sure to read the label of the tahini and purchase the type that is made from unhulled sesame seeds. Sometimes this sort of tahini will be sold under the name “sesame butter” indicating that is in fact different from regular tahini. But again, check the label to be certain – some sesame butters may also use hulled sesame seeds.
This impressive debut collection by a young poet already well-known for his innovative, highly musical poetry draws its energy from an interplay between melody and intellect. Ahren Warner’s poems seek to amplify the effect of our common experiences and to attenuate the everyday within a matrix of philosophy and art, language and its intervals.
I did not have enough black pom pom trim for the second table runner. I had to settle for the white.
Is the United States government wealthy?
But I cannot wrap my mind around your reasoning behind the dead dress. After all, you ARE Lady Gaga. We expect you to wear something shocking and weird. We expect to be shocked. You don't need to back up your fashion choices with with anything. You don't need to explain. Just keep your mouth shut and look weird. I find your explanation of the "outfit" as fake as the wig on your head. You say that there were other reasons behind the "dress" as well. What exactly were they? Do they make any sense?
Anyway, remember to take all of this with a grain of salt, since nothing is officially confirmed. We’ve still got a long way to go before the film comes out in May of 2013.
I'm trying to do a few "how-to" posts here, because I get more and more emails asking how to do this or that. One I've gotten recently, is how to spraypaint well. There are lots of pointers that I think can be helpful, and I also made a short (only slightly helpful) video.
My fear increased after partygoers at our house told me scary stories about our “haunted” house. They pulled back a rug in our rented home and showing me a bloodstain. “See, someone died in this house,” someone said. “If you listen carefully at night, you’ll hear the cupboards open and close. If you happen to wake up deep in the night, you might even hear an old lady rocking in the attic above your room.” Even though I didn’t know what prayer was or who God was, I shivered as I prayed prayers to ward off ghosts and creaking rockers.
Catherine self-published the first three books and began taking them into schools, inspiring children with her love of books and reading. She set herself a target: 500 books to be sold by Xmas; another 500 by Easter; 1500 by the summer. Each target was met and exceeded.
Bob Weir – guitar, vocals
Bran Muffins
Apparently, a bunch of people, rather than making things, or repairing things, or providing goods and services to others, have made it their business to worry about the children. Like a real job, but utterly pointless.
A few days later I was taking a brisk walk / buying a newspaper / checking the weather. It was only down the road so I left my slippers on and took a cup of tea with me. Passing a bus stop I heard someone say ‘That’s a good idea.’ I looked up and came face to face with the village’s self-appointed traffic warden. We struck up a conversation and I was informed that he was on the way to see his grandson.
Hope you are enjoying your holidays! I am escaping what feels like siberia, writing from the airport... on my way to thailand!! I went out last night for our traditional after-xmas party and came home in the morning just to change clothes... at least I’ll be able to sleep on the plane. I tried to take some wintery pictures in the snow, but the camera stopped working. Can't blame it.. it was -28 degrees.
Mary wants everyone to share her love of Bundt cakes and so is encouraging everyone to bake and blog a Bundt cake recipe from now until 24th November. If you submit a photo to her before this date then she’ll send you a Bundt badge for baking along. Click here for details. This is of course my entry.
I find myself at peace regardless of how life may be right now
My Mother has always been a fan of my scrapbooking; always wanting to see my latest projects and buying all the magazines that I get published in. This women rocks! Now it is time to honor her and what better way than to have her beautiful face on the GCD Studios Blog. I love making my momma proud.
vegetable or corn oil
It's not that I've had nothing to say, and it isn't that I haven't been bursting with the urge and intent to write...no, the problem has been at the bio-chemical level. The act of writing for me has usually been an act of capturing, harnessing and transcribing into words my mind's equivalent of fleeting musical notes -- all I've had to work with these days, however, is my mind's equivalent of a steady dial tone. O distant uncooperative muse...
Lines on the horizon are shaking reminiscing the crust-embryo of the ancient matter
"I think acting is as important as singing. Years ago, you could have fat singers who didn’t move much on stage but had wonderful voices and everyone was happy. Now people expect more.” Jenis is interested in the way small details and movement can make a characterization stronger. “I search every role to find moments when I can express things better”. Sometimes it’s as simple as changing position subtly. “I don’t like to be like a machine, doing exactly the same thing every time”, he says. “In life, things change all the time”. This keeps performance fresh and natural. “Even when we’re not singing, there is a connection between singers, which an audience can feel very clearly”.
Is every you
Old and new!
like poetry, creative writing, or journalism
Nj3(945-1030) (Alex Mackinnon and friends)
I get most emails regarding this topic, and as I have said before: I am not sure what you should prepare for, I can't tell you how to do it, and I am not an expert on it. What I can do is share articles from folks who have specific ideas or suggestions and you may find interesting or helpful. I think we are in for some very troubled times, and me and mine are doing what we can to be prepared for difficulties. Read and decide for yourself if it is worth doing, the what to do, and how to do it. I make no claims nor suggestions, just provide the information I found interesting to you.
Time passed. And kept passing.
travel through time in the same way as we walk down the street or fly to Atlanta; the devices involve some kind of sudden leap or jolting transference. The process is instantaneous, or nearly so. We go there in Deloreans or weird tubes (12 Monkeys) or telephone booths or even hot tubs. I sort of doubt, however, that time travel (assuming it’s possible) would work that way. I kinda think that Wells, for all his antiquity, had the better theory.
I'm cleaning through my drafts & this post has been sitting around for almost a year now.
If you haven’t read The Hunger Games yet, let me give you some context. This is a highly political series with strong themes of rebellion and the horrors of war. Katniss is constantly thinking about her strategies and how far she might go to survive, as well as analyzing her current situation. This is all done quite neatly in her head, as talking to herself isn’t the best thing when there are bloodthirsty Careers after you.
An obvious question arising out of all the above observations is why an economy which worked so well in the 1960s has been sinking into ever deepening decline. The most evident and simplest answer to this question is that local and global, physical and social circumstances have changed but that economic and social policies have not adapted to these new realities.
Here is what I believe God showed me this morning.
10. Bask in your amazingness.
He also continues to be preternaturally good at getting into complex ideas about people. Tolstoy examines human relationships, positions of power, avoidance, and how people go about just coasting along, and almost all of it is applicable to how we live our lives now. (The one exception may be his handling of doctors, but that’s a profession that has changed immensely since the 1880s.) Most people will find some of themselves in Ivan and, though he isn’t a bad person, will be kind of disappointed by that.
2 c. wheat flour
The trial of a French journalist and novelist who sided with the Nazis ended in the only execution of a major French writer after WWII — following a six hour treason trial. A moral who-done-it about freedom of speech and the death penalty.
Moderator: Aura Quezada (Mount Royal University)
All this to say- I don't know what I want to do with my life (career wise at least!!) but I am ready to actively try to figure that out! So in an effort to give myself more time to try out different things, blogging more being one of them, I have quit my full time, 8-5 job! SCARY!!! It's fun don't get me wrong but it's also a little daunting.
But I don't care
We're a small class - about a dozen of us "adult beginners", all told. And we rank from White Belts (that would be me) all the way up to Brown Belts, who are more assistant teachers than students.
For now here it is: Vanderbilt Acapeligo!
and notified via email on Monday, November 16th, 2009
So like I said, it’s a funny game … and I am strabddling both sides of the fence, writer, judge, angel of bad tidings and angel of good tidings.
“There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven: …a time to weep and a time to laugh,
One more very big thing, for those not on face book, Zak had emergency surgery on Monday this week. He is recovering very well! He had an abscess that formed on his lower abdomen that grew very large in about 36 hours. We went to the emergency room Monday am and got some pain medicine, IV antibiotics along with Tylenol and Mortin to help his very high fever. He had surgery to get it drained Monday night. We got bumped due to other surgeries during the day, but finally got it done and were home about 10:30 Monday night. We can tell a big difference in him today. He is getting back to his old crazy self! Running around again and talking non stop! He hates to take his antibiotic. Other than that - we are on the road to recovery! Thank you all for your calls, texts and prayers! Hope did really well while we were away. She seemed to understand we were going to get him help. Zak was very sick and you could easily tell he needed to go, so Hope said okay when I explained it and did well playing with friends and with my parents for the day!
It was a hell of a breakfast: Two bacon, two sausages, two eggs, beans, grilled tomatoes, black pudding, mushrooms, a fried slice and a mug of tea, coffee or grapefruit juice all included in the price of my penthouse suite at the B&B.
It’s very nice that they do that, that they allowed us to keep the basics we would need to live, but I also learned in 2009 that they actually HAVE to do that. They told me they had to, “there are laws in place to protect the innocent,” although sometimes I felt like somehow those laws weren’t enacted on my behalf because there were MANY things that did not work out for me, truth be told. Color me able to relate to the investment scheme victims in that regard, as well, I guess!
The other day, you asked me to be the “bigger person” and to reach out to a family member that you have acknowledged has deliberately treated me wrongful.
"When The Third Threshold of Hell Comes Knocking"
I knew this guy, kinda. We went to high school together. We had a few conversations, but nothing too big. A few weeks ago, we started talking via facebook (because I’m phoneless). He asked if we could go on some dates this summer. I said ok.
So what about joy? What does it mean to be joyous or joyful? I have a friend named Joy, and when I hear passages in the Bible that talk about Joy, I cannot help but smile. It helps that she is one of the loveliest people I have ever known, and so being a friend of hers really does bring a sense of Joy to people’s lives. I should probably tell her that sometime, but there isn’t really a non-cheesy way to do it! The reason she makes me think of Joy is because she has this inner happiness that goes beyond the beautiful smile she has. She is generally a happy person, but the joy is deeper than that. Even when she is sad, there is an inner optimism that gets her through. She has this ability to draw on an inner strength that can only possibly come from the Spirit of God living within her. Some of it may just be a personality thing I guess, but the way she speaks of God makes it perfectly clear that she truly feels the joy that we can get from being a Christian. This joy is something that I think every Christian can experience, but not something that everyone does. It is easy to get so caught up in the discipline and busyness of a Christian life that we forget about the joy that it can bring. As a person who has battled with depression for a number of years I know how difficult it can be to feel joy. I know that sometimes we can feel a darkness, a sorrow, a sadness deep within that seems impenetrable. Sometimes nothing in life can break through that. Sometimes the love of God and of people around us doesn’t break through that. Its not something that can be easily beaten, and I should know, but I also know that even in the depths of despair, there is a small glimmer of joy that can burst through. I find it sometimes when I read the words of a psalm or sing a rousing hymn, I find it when I stand at the top of a hill or the tower in the cathedral on a sunny day, I find it when I see a cute little baby giggle. I see beauty and awesomeness and I feel joy. And I know that you can too. If you are a person who tends to feel joy often, I encourage you to share it! Give it to those of us who don’t! And if you’re the sort of person who doesn’t feel it so often, search for it, because I know that you can and will find it.
Tools: scallop dotted ribbon punch, mini brads
It was said that nobody knew how to reach the doors of the black tower from the outside – nobody but generals Acker and Devereaux. Officer Myron Kline had been flown in with a jet, and though the tower's sentries were ordered not to shoot on this occasion, he hadn't felt at ease until making contact with the ground.
Goal: Complete the rough draft of the comic by finding the right layouts in each panel for the pictures and dialogue bubbles.
"Empire has tapped into something vital, dangerous, and all-too-absent from so much rock music today ... this isn't the death of rock `n' roll but a blasting, needle-in-the-red affirmation of its power. Turn it up." - KERRANG
I’m definitely going to be rationing my half a jar.
Ranked #54 on Maxim magazine's "Hot 100" list of 2005.
And this was confirmed to me in the kitchen of a Wendy’s restaurant.
What else can I say. I have felt all day that my life is a little less bright because a light has gone out. Then I remembered my thoughts on Heaven, from this morning, and I realized that no, the light is just raised a little bit higher. She's still a beacon for me to follow, just as she's always been.
First of all, please excuse my horrendous picture! We seldom eat dinner much before 6 or 7pm and by that point, the lighting is AWFUL! This pizza, however, was anything but "awful"--talk about a huge hit at my house! The kids both said that they preferred it to any pizza they had tried out--of course part of that could have been that they were involved in the whole process :) The recipe was a little unusual for me, because the dough was actually made in my food processor--as opposed to my mixer. It was so very easy to make the dough and for that matter, the actual pizza making process was simple, as well! The downside: you have to make the dough ahead of time and then wait at least 24 hours (but preferably 48-72 hrs) to make your pizza, so the dough sits in your refrigerator taunting you for a while! Trust me, it was well worth the wait and honestly-speaking, it was much easier in the long-run to divide the work. I contemplated making this recipe back in March when we had our kids' pizza-making birthday party, but didn't realize that the recipe required allowing the dough to sit for at least 24 hours...oops! We really enjoyed the dough that we used for the party, but this was equally as delicious! I made the homemade sauce that I made for their party, which is SUPER simple to throw together and freezes well if you have excess. The single recipe makes (2) 13-inch pizzas and it seemed much more filling than take-out pizza. We did struggle a little to get it as thin as we wanted and I'm wondering if it wouldn't have been easier, had we allowed the dough to sit in the refrigerator an extra day??? (I believe the dough was in there for approximately 30 hours). While the recipe calls only for cheese, we added some pepperoni and I would definitely do that again! Our pizzas were done in about 10 minutes and I served them with salad. We had about 3/4 of a pizza left, after the four of us ate, and trust me when I tell you...we're all good eaters!
One is particularly horrified at the lack of statistics that could give the extent of this unprecedented destruction of women, due largely to the scarcity of funding for carrying out such grim tallies: “There is a natural tendency to want to know how extensive a problem sexual violence is in order to properly address it. However, the assessment team felt strongly that scarce funding should not be used at this time to try to determine total numbers of cases, victims, and survivors. Such studies can be carried out later if necessary, based on dossiers kept by human rights organizations, hospitals, NGOs, and other groups.”
My youngest son taking off down the hill.
30-something: I’m going to the mall to get my eyebrows threaded, fix a clasp on my bracelet, find a dress for another wedding I’m attending, comfortable, cute flat shoes for work, new book, gift certificate for so and so, I’m not trying to be in here all day…
The amount of stuff that our small family has accumulated is absolutely astounding. We have a 2,200 square foot house (thats 12 rooms) thats just bursting with STUFF. We hope to list our home in 4-6 weeks. The amount of work we need to do before that is staggering, but it is possible. The neat freak inside of me (you should see my moms house) is coming out.
I still wish to give back. Maybe the whole idea behind Spotlights is sound but rough, misdirected. Maybe switching to smaller scale, less frequent posts is the answer. I don’t know. I’ll have to think about it, but for now I’ll go back to the previous model.
Everything is linked to everything else, but this is a flavour of how to address the barriers and obstacles I faced doing this work across many areas over several years. The best advice I can give to any professional, regardless of which organisation they work for, is try to put history out of your mind and design things afresh; look at everything from the opposite point of view
By this free disposable age
for this one, I removed a leafy stem and then added the heart and red flowers.
Because I teach at University, I sometimes feel like I need to be able to give an “academic” type definition well supported by theory. But to be honest, it isn’t where my interest lies. The courses I teach focus on practice. By the end of the courses, I hope students will pick up some practical skills they will be able to use in their work or other aspects of their lives.
Then your mind goes to dark places, if my dog isn’t safe, then my kids must not be either.
This was in an a story about how the clean-up/eviction of the protesters had been called off due in large part to support expressed for the protesters and their rights by local politicians, see: Calls Flood In, City Backs Off and Protesters Stay, by Michael Barbaro and Kate Taylor, October 14, 2011.
References -
(You might have to bring the wound yarn in through the circle to untangle it.) This will make a slanted winding around the bangle. Ch 8 again and repeat as before till you cover the entire bangle. Sl St to the 1st sl st made and fasten off . Weave in the tail along the chain itself.
Ouch and I think I deserved it.
But WAIT. Wow...gourmet packages are offered too. Gourmet cheeses, pates, jams, crackers are offered up in expensive but heartfelt style..with Deepest Sympathy...
Jamie Moyer is older than Greg Maddux … Jose Canseco … David Justice … Will Clark … Benito Santiago (!) … Dwight Gooden … Greg Swindell … and and the late Jose Lima.
(gotta watch her though - got a heavy foot on the pedal!)
Coco is the Jack Russell, she's 2 years old. Her hobbies include tossing cushions off the sofa and stealing Bennys sausage.
I know it's been like a year since we posted last. I'm also about 7 months behind in just going through pictures if that clues you in. While I was doing said action, I found this picture and couldn't resist. It's too good not to share. This was back in December, but too cute! Haven loves dress-up, but this day she combined many elements of many costumes. She thought she was bootiful...which she is.
I want to get a romantic meet like this story.
35. Across the Universe Beth Revis
On Sunday we went off to church and then to a kids party. It was great and the kids had lots of fun. The face painter there was extremely talented. What kid doesn't like having a bit of face painting done?!
dreaming if nothing else,
Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep...Mac & Katie Kissoon
Furniture. I was quite tempted to stop and ask if this homeowner was interested in donating this lovely piece of furniture to my collection. I can't say that I'm exactly a fan of the color pink, but just look at the possibilities! This neighborhood is very colorful. They have no problem with splashing around pain that is bright and cheery.
*receives “Understatement of the Year” award*
The timing of our trip to the states was due in large part to the wedding of my very good college friend. It definitely gave me lots of ideas for my own, though not all of them are really possible in France. Well, anything is possible, maybe "widely practiced and accepted" is a better term.
Green: Flower Stem
‘THE DEVILS FRUIT’
And just in case you ever wondered where I live.....this is it! This road is less than a mile from mine and I chose it because it's a nice straight stretch with a pretty desolate view. It's also near a small airstrip. I don't know why that matters, but I thought I'd tell you anyway.
When family, four or two-footed, is gone, what do dogs do?
Yes, we can only do so much, but I hope we exhaust all the means we can do to concretely advocate and live out its importance. Though I must warn you, advocating and acting on this do not give an immediate result. One has to understand that we are dealing with life that observes process. Your consolation is that – your investment on Mental health is an investment to life itself.
The idea of ‘family planning’ was officially introduced into the Chinese political and the legal systems at the start of the post-Maoist era. The introduction of and explanation of this idea were significantly affected by Malthusian demographic theory in China. (Lee and Wang 1999) To justify implementing a strict birth control plan, the first post-Maoist government advocated a Malthusian argument: economic production cannot keep pace with population growth without family planning. Thus, reducing the national birth rate was treated as essential to the development of the state’s economy. Deng, the first president in the post-Maoist era, claimed that the state must fulfil the birth control task, which was of major importance for the national economy. In order to achieve this population goal, the government stated that all married citizens must take up family planning and downsize their families.
Anyway, I’m going to try tackling the appearance changes and details of the site this weekend. So, please stay tuned until later this weekend and enjoy your Friday!
The Valencia County Sheriff’s Department said it is willing to meet with the group to discuss options, but Forest said the community is tired of waiting and wants action.
Participants discuss their concerns in any of the fifty tourism sub-sectors found in the workbook which contains 350 questions to help raise their level of awareness.
I bought it in the Lewes Flea Market, which isn't usually a terribly rewarding venue books-wise, mostly housing shonky book club editions in amongst its random selection of furniture and knick-knacks. Cuts stood out by dint of its distinctive jacket; the cover painting – and therefore the dustjacket, as the painting virtually is the jacket, and vice versa – is by Tom Phillips, a very well known artist and Royal Academician, so it's necessarily a different kind of jacket to the previous two books. On top of that, it dates from an era before Quark XPress and InDesign and Photoshop and online image libraries and indeed computers being used in the design process at all, really. Which seems strange, I know, but once upon a time that's how things were: when I was on my art foundation course at Ravensboune in 1988, the design students were still focused on quaint things like pens, paper and rulers. Computers just didn't figure in the equation.
It’s pretty clear that, during 2005, Newscorp CEO Rebekah Brooks’s mobile phone must’ve been the most public piece of personal technology on the planet. For as well as her conversations being bugged by the Met Police (they probably wanted to know what was on the menu for dinner that night) A N Other Newscorp title was also hacking her message-box. What a good job it is, then, that Rebekah wasn’t hacking anyone herself; otherwise her phone would’ve had a nervous breakdown at some point.
88**************************************************************************88
A bloke walks into a pub and saunters up to the bar. He nods to the smiling barman and orders a beer.
Pricing and Availability
a better flavor.”
50,000 players minus 40,000 players who’s parents
1 bottles
Priscilla's blog is down to earth, informative and a real treasure in the Paris-loving community. Check out her site, I'm sure you'll love it as much as I do!
I like to set goals. I never really stick to them, but I like the feeling I get when I determine that I'm going to DO something. I feel like, yeah! This is going to happen this time! And if only for a little while, I have something to work towards. So New Year's is a fun time for me. A fresh start, a new year, a new day.
Today, a massive parcel arrived, full of the winter clothes I ordered for my kiddies last week.
Indeed, for too long we’ve thrown this ridiculous “money” at the problem of “poverty” and “we” know now that more than “aid dollars” are needed. Such as the aforementioned pink cheetah print bras.
Sameshima will stop by the demonstration too. He said he is grateful to get a diploma but sad that many of his peers won’t be recognized at all. He also wishes USC had acted earlier, before his wife and daughter died.
ASKING FOR HELP
reception: Private Estate in Atherton
Hey, I have some catching up to do. Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, and Happy New Year. Well I have a small break in my school schedule this week. I finished my first year nursing school in December and have already started on the second with an online research class. I finished all the assignments ahead of time so I have a week off. Whoo-hoo!
This is the time to employ your 'innocent look' and ideally you should appear lethargic.
I think a lot Christians have the feeling that the resurrection life will be a never ending worship service. Let me be honest with you. I am a pastor, and that thought does not excite me. Don’t get me wrong, I love to worship the Lord with other believers. But I also love to fish, to hike and come around the corner of ridge to a new vista I’ve never seen before. I love to just hang out and laugh with my family and close friends. I like to write, and read and experience moving stories. I believe amazing worship will be part of our experience of resurrection life. But I think there will also be so much more.
pinch of saffron
In 1996, the Justice Department studied the nation’s first 28 DNA exonerations and found that 20 percent of the cases involved hair comparison. That same year, the FBI lab stopped declaring matches based on visual comparisons alone and began requiring DNA testing as well.
J E T S ~ Just Enjoy The Signings
I hope you'll read the family dinner tips--they are not just mine, a few blog friends chimed in, too- and share a few of your own in the comments.
I'm just glad no one got sick, although, my mother told me to stop experimenting on the whole dinner and just set aside the experimental portion for myself! Some of my experiments were successful--like soy sauce and honey glazed fried chicken, delicious! Those became a family fave. Others were failures--like cocoa flavored pancakes--awful! Just gawd awful! I learned that unsweetened cocoa powder is not the same as chocolate powder! It was bitter, salty and not sweet at all! The only thing worse than my cocoa pancakes were the soy sauce pancakes! Even the dogs refused to eat them!
xx TP
Before we exited our buses, a large pickup truck pulled up next to us with more children seated in the back. They were kids from other sites belonging to the children’s home who had come to greet us as well. The truck had a safety rail on each side of the bed consisting of four long horizontal planks of wood spaced six inches apart. The planks were nailed to four wooden posts along the walls of the truck. Several sets of little eyes peered through the slats at us. All of the children greeted us with great enthusiasm.
And, as I said earlier, it's the kind of story that a lot more people ought to write.
all in need of reform and a source of new wealth.
“I had lots of material I could never do and so, just over two years ago, I came to London to do ‘proper’ comedy. And, of course, my selling-point in Britain is that I am a German.
This next one by far is the most valuable piece of advice there is I think when talking to girls. Do: Make her laugh. Laughing is as universal as breathing. Humor is an excellent way to lighten the mood and it’s a great icebreaker which brings me to the next point. If you where words on the page, you’ll be fine print. Do: use cheesy pick-up lines. Not because they’re clever or flattering but because they are hilarious in their absolute absurdity. Listen, I’m saying pick-up lines have their place so use them appropriately. And finally, Do: Take a hint. Approaching girls is a numbers game and sure there are things you can do to affect those numbers but you will strike out a time or two.
Water is always a hot topic on the site. Too much rain, two weeks last May, or too little, the remaining fifty weeks of the year, with heavy clay soil either results in flooded plots or beds as hard as a brick.
I used the new "Going Places" stamp set for my card. It's stamped with Memento ink directly onto my card base and then colored with Copic markers. I then stamped the sentiment up in the left hand corner.
Well, at least they put the flights close together, right? Assume nothing. My connecting flight was at the opposite end of the airport.
More than one disk or pattern may be entered at the prompt. Here are
As with most luxury cosmetics, the packaging is usually decadent and this polish set is no different. It comes in a gorgeous box with the polish set in foam. I usually purchase drugstore priced makeup, but it's definitely fun to splurge on something like this every so often.
(PS : Been saving this posting for a long long time. That's a year exactly since my best mate died. He thought it was hilarious that I go so angry at a music magazine.....he always enjoyed laughing out loud when the music snob in me came out like that.)
“The past is never dead, it is not even past.” ~ William Faulkner
This refined American idea of superiority has been around for a long time and partners nicely with the general human arrogance that we naked primates are the center of the universe. While religion lost the war putting Earth at the center of creation long ago, individually that is still how most view their existence. For the affluent our lives have become a neatly contained universe all themselves even if our daily struggle is nothing more dangerous than dealing with the demands of living in a Western consumerist society. A far cry from the small child in Africa wondering where his or her next meal or drink of water will come from or a Mexican father caught in the middle of a drug war and fearing what might happen to his family.
Geothermic soldiers
“I’m sure they were just too poor to be able to care for a child with a heart condition. So they made the best, most loving decision they could under the circumstances.”
powder sugar
So when can we expect this new MMO? Probably in 2014, it takes years to bring an MMO to the market. Development began in 2011 likely with a smaller team while the studio collaborated on other higher profile titles and brought us some disasters. An announcement at E3 is possible but the game could remain under wraps till next year.
If you get some comfort from your beliefs, then they must be right
Ok, well this part doesn’t need much explaining. Just mix the ingredients together to make a paste. Make sure it is thoroughly mixed, so that there are no lumps. If you dip a spoon into it and lift it out, it should stick to the spoon and not drip.
I think that her subjects have implicitly consented to their intimate moments being photographed. The relationship they have with the photographer, and their familiarity with her in that role has
Halloween is just three days away and I thought it would be a good time to share our Halloween stained-glass cookie recipe that we posted about here a few weeks ago.
Not at all
1. Choice – allows me to start growing
Who to offend
flame eternal like a dance of the mystical
I may not like the views of certain groups (PETA, liberals in general, the Taliban, etc) but if you can remain consistent in your views and actions, I can at least respect that you know your own mind…even if I can’t stand the way your mind works.
For me, the day came and went without event. I’ve finally found my blogging groove again after the two weeks post blog tour, one weird side effect I couldn’t have seen coming. Between the end of the tour and some real life stuff happening at the same time, I admit I was a bit moody. It was enough for one of my dear blogger friends to email me
Shawn and I are really starting to bond with our son. Until now, we've been hesitant to let those tender feelings actually overtake us. Now we're letting it sink in and just happen.
Overall it is an easy read. The story flows fluidly as the river Ganga in the background – rustic and honest. While reading the book one forgets what language one is reading in, for the lines are literal translations occasionally. It may be part of the reason the lines seems so close to the heartland or it may be why Bhagat has such wide readership. Nonetheless, one cannot argue the appeal it has and the fact that Bhagat portrays a slice of life many can relate to. This one too seems to have the potential to be made into a commercial potboiler like his other works.
As for the reveal of Conrad having someone kill David Clarke in prison – I actually did see that coming. David wasn’t some casual fling for Victoria – he was the big deal and I mean that in the way that Dominik certainly isn’t and given that Conrad resorted to underhanded tactics to get rid of Dominik, having David killed doesn’t seem all that shocking to be honest.
I mean seriously...who wouldn't want a Brutal Legend RPG? This stuff is gold! Just like adventure time half the appeal is fleshing out the intriguing, huge and mysterious world that the video game created and meeting the weird inhabitants...then shredding them with lightning bolts and flaming zeppelins from the sky!! The world of Metal is an insane adventure waiting to happen.
Sunday was a beautiful spring day. We threw together a picnic with the turkey leftovers and other goodies and went to the National Historic Site.
McBride was an accomplice to the bombing of the Chamberlain Road sub-station in Jacobs, Durban. The blast killed one person and wounded four others. The blast was committed on that specific day to highlight the annual ANC statement delivered the previous day.
shrunken tumors…
The ladies over at Club CK, helped me out when I was having an adhesive emergency. :-) I've seen some of their names pop up in the comments with kind words attached as well.
- Rocky Dijon: congas sur "Sympathy for the Devil", "Stray Cat Blues" et "Factory Girl"
- Car Seat Mode:
Along with getting accepted to graduate school Lucy has also met a guy in England who she is quite fond of. From the tiny bit that she has told me I would say she is in love, but if you knew Lucy you would know that me saying that would make her mad. Until this guy Lucy didn’t even know she was capable of being a sappy love-sick girl. They do adorable things like fall asleep together on Skype. It’s quite romantic if you ask me, but what do I know?
Newcastle City Council wants to continue regenerating the area and create a vibrant urban village but the current state of the river, with a large drop to the water and an unsightly exposed bed at low tide, is seen as a disincentive to future development.
#Yolk
I remember getting up on Easter morning - being well above the age that children "believe" anymore. And there was a basket as always and it didn't feel less special to me. I knew who was going through all the trouble of shopping, and hiding and putting baskets together and waiting for their children to fall asleep ..... it only became less about magic of the bunny ..... and more about the magic of family .......
Dad taught me valuable skills; how to work with tools, caring for and sharpening blades, small engine maintenance and repair. To this day I can sharpen any blade - axes, lawnmower blades, machetes; all my military knives are razor sharp. Dad taught me drawing; how human and animal figures can be developed from cubes, cylinders and cones; perspective, texture, shadow and form. What my Dad taught in maths and technical drawing - together with my own humble credentials as a military engineer - has led directly to my present career in industrial security.
You're supposed to protect me, that's what parents do...
Yes, it did and hard. So, nothing was removed from my car, and I took my chances with damaging the canvases below. I did get very lucky.
Anchored in the Mediterranean
Of course, Turkey’s strategy is not smart vis-à-vis the White House or the Department of State, because they’ve broken the rules of democratic engagement. The current escalation creates unnecessary tensions; is based on unmediated, unilateral interests instead of searching for viable compromise; and has no longer-term perspective. And it goes beyond the question of whether or not Turkey’s government has a legitimate point in its criticism of Israel. The present oratory also undermines Turkey’s economic and security interests. This type of posture provides space for destabilizing actors in the region, ultimately endangering the country’s newly established political recognition in regions other than Europe.
Thanks for playing and have a wonderful MOTHER'S DAY WEEKEND! May you not have to lift a finger at least this one day of the year!
For anyone who emails me (at kql314@yahoo.com) AND who “Follows” this Blog, I will email to them a brand new cursory presentation of the book and topic, asking “Who are the most influential Christians of all time?”.
Finally, in the spirit of giving more glimpses into the "Life" aspect of my work, I am happy to announce that I have cleared out my own little corner to work in my home. This is quite a feat because I share this home with seven brothers and sisters, a dog, a rabbit, and two parents.
4 garlic cloves, peeled and thinly sliced
For the filling: 2 cups shredded coconut, 1&1/2 cups sugar (adjust according to sweetness of sugar), 2 tsp rice flour, 1 tsp crushed cardamom, 1/4 tsp saffron (optional) or few drops of rose essence (optional).
window and after careful (five minutes) consideration
Are you attracted to me at all?
I remember being young and listening to my parents discuss how in England, young unmarried pregnant girls were being supported by the State via generous welfare and free housing. As young as I was, even I realised that this was not a good thing as it would only lead to more and more young girls getting pregnant to get the same benefits. Today England sits in crisis on all fronts. In South Africa at that time, it was a huge scandal to be at school, unmarried and pregnant. The pregnant girls usually left school in disgrace to have their baby and then completed their education elsewhere. When did that thinking change? Why is it no longer a scandal? Because do-gooders around the world thought they knew best and started guilting us into accepting all kinds of anti-social behavior. They wanted our societies to be more interracial (!). They wanted gays to be allowed out in the open (and now married). They wanted more abortions (now late-term abortion is acceptable). They wanted drugs to legalised (cannabis already is). They wanted girls to be able to have babies at a young age and then be supported for the rest of their lives. They keep pushing the envelope until there is a cave in. Pretty soon the deluge of girls dropping out of school to have their welfare babies started. In South Africa, the ANC announced welfare to all mothers earning under a certain amount. Bang - out popped hundreds of thousands of fatherless babies, just so the mother could get claim welfare money. Of course they don't think a little further - that these kids cost you for the rest of your life and that they grow up repeating the cycle. No, that's what the government is for - they are responsible for looking after their kids - that would be you, Mr and Mrs Tax Payer. This is also the reason why the majority of Blacks in America vote for the Democrats, their enablers. Cradle to grave welfare. Michigan is finally getting it, but how do they tackle the problem? It's not so easy to put the Genie back in the bottle once out. The common sense answer is staring everyone in the face, but the PC police won't have it. Just STOP the welfare.
» communicates with stand-alone-applications and hardware
12. Heart Attack Man
Punches: EK Success medium Retro, Carla Crafts small cosmos flower
at least 3 times. I had a few different designs in mind, but decided
So I hack off another piece of the ingot, and hand it over. Broken into five pieces, of course.
i then adhered the card front to a card base. this design could be used over and over with designer/washi tapes or scraps of papers you can not bring your heart to throw out.
In this respect, the Court takes the view that, in the present case, the keywords, syntax, commands and combinations of commands, options, defaults and iterations consist of words, figures or mathematical concepts, considered in isolation, are not, as such, an intellectual creation of the author of that program. It is only through the choice, sequence and combination of those words, figures or mathematical concepts that the author expresses his creativity in an original manner. It is for the national court to ascertain whether the reproduction alleged in the main proceedings constitutes the expression of the intellectual creation of the author of the user manual for the computer program protected by copyright". This all seems fairly unremarkable; now it's up to the referring court to apply it.
Latest release from Electronic Musik comes from Manchester based artist Matt Dalby
But plan a romantic dinner in the snow under the moonlight with a bonfire, I am yours.
Each Sunday we start a new post with a New Mr. Linky for you. This is so that you can post a link to anything you want us to read, anything at all related to poetry or prose found on your own poetry blogs. It will remain open all week so that you can show us your writings and thoughts. You can post links weekly should you chose to do so. What poetry you put here is up to you so don't be afraid to share with us!!
Inside there are four screws instead of the 3 found in Pet-2. The film winder screw is also different, requiring some sort of camera caliper deal that I don't have. Another minor variation not pictured is with the screw mount on the bottom of the camera. It is smoother and doesn't grip to your fingers as the Pet-2 mount does.
Mail Server The man at the pub that brings out the lunch
You will have the chance to follow the debate surrounding the portrait of the Renaissance woman. The debate is quite intense between those who believe the portrait was created by Leonardo da Vinci and those who do not. You will also be immersed in the world of art mystery and discover the actual techniques that experts use to identify a painting’s origin and creator. Put you knowledge to the test and learn alongside these expert art investigators.
Of promise, having no hope and without God in the world. Through centuries of hostility between Jews and Gentile we have been brought near, Christ is the arbiter of that peace. He (Jesus) abolished the ceremonial ordinances of the law, that in Him He would create one new man from two.
Todays weight: 181.8
"The Trestle"
They will learn the way adults learn. Something will catch their interest, they will explore it until they are satisfied (for now), and then they'll move on. Later, they'll learn something else that reminds them of that thing they learned before, and they'll make a connection. "Oh, hey, that's like..."
and look down as from a height,
Most of the people there in the streets before the Keep appeared to be an average citizen of the newly rebuilt Stormwind. Tradesmen and women who would sell their goods, or people who provided food and drink to the workers, room and board to the travelers from afar. Indeed, nothing seemed to out of the ordinary except for the fact that a good portion of the people there wore red ribbons. On their arms, in their hair, around their head; this was the mark of the workers, the members of the Stonesomething guild who had crafted and shaped much of Stormwind to make it even more glorious than it was in the past. Today was as much their celebration of triumph as it was the people of the Stormwind’s kingdom all together.
– Young Theseus
I actually had three unpublished books. There was one unpublished adult crime novel, a Lincoln Perry novel, which to me is the first one. And then when I was at high school I wrote two young adult novels, and I count those, even if nobody else does (chuckling), because they showed me how to write books from beginning to end, and that’s a really huge part of the writing process; to just develop the discipline to stick with a story over how many weeks or months. So I’d written three novels, and I was working as a journalist. I’d covered everything from police beat to sports reporting, and about everything in between.
So lets see what happens!
Push the garlic and lemon zest into the slits and put the fennel tops along with the lemon slices inside the fish. Leave to infuse for an hour or so.
3. Experiment in cooking (wean off microwave).
Bit of a stressful day today so might not get round to looking until tomorrow xxxxx
So, making fun of what I am doing with my life is, without a doubt, one of the easiest ways to piss me off.
Neighbourhood Networks has been helping people integrate into their community for over 10 years. They have set up activities including a new Drama project which hopes to begin in the Spring.
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever BELIEVES IN him should not perish but have eternal life.” John 3:16 (ESV)
Knowing the fact that we will go through a period of difficulty at some point, we need to be prepared for that time. Savings are important. We need to have more savings instead of debts. This also suggests that simple living is best. Other than it is sustainable and may generate more savings, individuals are prepared for any fortuitous occurrences that necessitate moderation in expenditures and lifestyle.
LEARNING FROM LADAKH – AN UPCOMING WORKSHOP IN INDIA
No, Paris: you won’t be. Because what happened to you is what society needs to understand. Sift thru the stories of transition, particularly young transition, and time and time and time again you will find this nugget: angry young man or woman, violent, given to anti-social behaviours suddenly metamorphoses, thru transition, into a delightful human being.
They haven’t changed anything in the church but they reconstructed areas keeping the old design in mind. The original church was built in the early 1600's but was later transferred due to frequent flooding in 1800 (taking the town with it). The present church was finished in mid 1800's and like all the other churches in islands, suffered some damaged during the great earthquake of 1880–the bell tower collapsed and had to be rebuilt — a certain Fray Lope, reconstructed the tower.
That European visit had nothing on us! lol
There was no more frightening place in cursed Nazerak than the dark and shadowy places. A nightmare world existed beyond the reach of the old sun’s faded rays, and fearsome creatures inhabited that domain, intent on destroying the sun-loving denizens of Nazerak. By day, Sharia’s people were compelled to make war amongst themselves, but at night, they fought terrors greater and more profound. Coming from the darkness, they feared deep in their bones a return to that benighted place.
Add the icing sugar, almonds and coconut in two batches, folding the dry mix into the meringue between additions. Try not to over mix, about 50 turns of the spoon should do it.
Floodfill with your color choice from your tube
IceBridge will also join in efforts to validate and calibrate sea ice measurements by CryoSat-2, the European Space Agency's ice-monitoring satellite. ESA's airborne calibration campaign, CryoVEx, aims to ensure that CryoSat-2's radar readings are accurate. "One of our prime goals in Thule will be to underfly a European CryoSat sea ice track within two hours of its passage over the sea ice north of Greenland," said acting project manager Seelye Martin.
The cast of the Sopranos has given an oral history of the show to the new Vanity Fair. Even star James Gandolfini admits the final scene, in which his family goes out to eat and the screen went dark, left him baffled
Several articles were published about the talk; some supportive and some not. I'm going to address one particular criticism - that we should not even discuss the possibility that differences between the sexes account for some of the underrepresentation. To do so, it is claimed, propagates stereotypes which are harmful to women considering or already involved in science.
Now attach strap to the other side of the top of the tote with 5 sc being careful not to twist handle. Do not fasten off. or change color of yarn if you wish.
The city auditor who was supposed to stop people from cooking our books is still on our payroll.
I have to choose ten words beginning with L that are important to me. Val had the letter R, Firebyrd from whom she took over the game had the letter B. If you want to play, let me know in the comments and I will assign you a letter. Okay, last leg of blog post. Wheeze, gasp, puff, pant... And in no particular order...
I received an email from Daniel Kraus, concerning this upcoming panel of speakers at the 2012 Booklist Youth Forum I will be a part of to kick off the American Library Association's Annual Conference in June.
Kraft card and white card
SA: In large part because our entire culture (and economy) is predicated on keeping all citizens in a state of insecurity and overstimulation and exhaustion. Also because the political system is fueled by special interest money, folks who are paid, in essence, to make sure a genuine morality doesn't intrude on the business of the government. We saw a brilliant example in the extension of the Bush tax cuts. That was about greed, pure and simple, and virtually nobody would say that. The Fourth Estate, which also runs on a for-profit model, is in the business of making money, not serving as the peoples' representative in Washington. I think most Americans see "politics" as some kind of absurd sport played on cable TV. It's become unmoored from issues of morality. And, like I say, most parents simply want to get through the day however they can. Amid the inconvenience of children, they don't want the further inconvenience of having to consider themselves moral actors.
The websites, which I am not goinq to link to because they are all confusing and lacking in anything that looks like administrative process, have nothing, naaaasink, on how to go about joining, or information for expats. A friend who had already navigated this told me to simply make an appointment and register with a doctor, and it will sort itself out there. Cool? Cool.
I cannot wait for the weather to be nice all the time, I am now itching for spring to get here!
Wallace Beery benefited from it. Paul Newman and Robert DeNiro got props for it. Sylvester Stallone owes his career to it.
At last year’s Not Just Ned exhibition, extracts of these stories were available in the sound booths on iPads and in heavy demand. I could have sat there all day listening to them.
Donna buried her face in her hands and sobbed, body-shaking sobs. Ann watched and put a hand on Donna’s shoulder, despite the disapproving look she earned from Chris. It took him a second to learn that both women had similar pain to deal with. One deserved, one not so much.
Note: The painting is Saudade by Brazilian painter José Ferraz de Almeida Júnior, painted in 1899.
AND if you comment on ALL the blogs, leave your name on the Mr. Linky on the YNS blog. Karen is offering up some great prizes again this month. The winner will be posted on the YNS blog on March 14th.
In a frivolous front page puff piece entitled "In His Helicopter, Bloomberg Can Rule Skies, And Even Get To Albany," published below the fold in today's edition of Amerika's newspaper of record, verminous reality reversers of 42nd Street prattle on superficially about Michael Bloomberg, pilot.
How do you want this to end?
3. Just for the heck of reading some short story everyday and feel good about it.
What we want to do is just be the contact people to get everyone more involved in the goodness of the blogging-expats and their readers' cultures. It's all for fun.
As for the plot, don’t bother looking for one. You won’t be able to find it amidst all of the hooking up and drinking. Justine seems to wander aimlessly around, travelling from country to country on her rich father’s money and generally acting like a spoiled brat. Okay, I know how it feels when the man of your dreams belongs to someone else, but sooner or later you have to grow up, get over it and move on. Justine doesn’t and that’s part of the reason why I was so frustrated with this book by page 43.
I hope not.
One additional thing I did was to paint white highlights using white acrylic paint. I don't normally do that when I water colour, but I had lost some of the white of the paper by overpainting, and so I had to get them back with white paint. It is a method I can use when I make that mistake.
When you want to buy gems and jewellery, it is highly recommended that you should go to an authorized store. There is a government regulated store called Myanmar VES at shopping malls and airport, please buy your gems there. They have reasonable price with top-grade quality gems. I don’t want you to get fibbed, cheated, ripped-off or anything bad by some evil beings. And you get a certificate when you buy your gems there, so you won’t be held up at the customs when you leave Burma after your vacation. See? How convenient.
The course was pretty tough hill-wise but my sister pushed through despite not being able to really train because of a knee injury but she did awesome! We stuck together the whole time, sped up when she could and slowed down when she needed to and we crossed the finish together in 35:09! I'm so proud of her!
Receptions are the lifeblood of the annual meeting. As a common member you only get invited to the welcome reception and the last night (but you cannot expect to do much networking there - though if you make some friends you may be able to consolidate relationships).
But in the meantime, while the politicians are doing all of that, YOU are still responsible for the safety and well-being of your family and your loved ones.
Love for freedom, rebelling against laid down norms, doubting a parent’s love for child (due to his/her constant tirade of anger to reform), sexual abuse, the forbidden charm of the opposite sex – this and much more the author portrays splendidly in the novel.
I've held off on posting the recipe and review for this one because I'm not all that happy with it. I was hoping it might improve with some time, but that doesn't seem to be the case. I had high hopes for this beer, having gone through some additional trouble to perform a multi-step temperature mash and a cereal mash for a pound of unmalted spelt. The results are not what I expected; a little disappointing.
“Amen to that, my new sister. Amen to that.”
“Whoa! Where’d the cat come from?” Burnett entered, trying not to trip over the little grey kitten that was winding its way around his feet.
For this card, I used the Cottage Cutz Shower Peepers 4x6 die, along with the My Little Shoebox Ornate Circle Frame 4x6 die. I added some pearls to the flowers, and pretty satin and organza ribbon for embellishment. I found this sentiment in a set of stamps I had from Peachy Keen Stamps called Spring Bouquet. I cut this chickie out with white card stock and I colored it with Copic markers. Before I colored, I stamped the face with Memento Tuxedo black ink, which is great for use with Copics because I never have to worry about it smudging. The patterned paper is some I had in my stash from Stampin Up!, and I did pop this cutie up onto an action wobble, so she's got a little bit of wiggle going on. What a happy card!!!
That brings us to last night. I met with Kristina, and Jay, who has spent some time in Australia (so her English is quite good). We went to a place called “All-American Diner” where I ate vegetables heated up from the freezer (crinkle-cut carrots! Yay! I felt like I was in America!) and drank water. We talked for a while and then we helped decorate their Christmas tree. I was fortunate enough to put the “Merry Christmas” in the branches. It was so American! Do the Americans only celebrate Christmas? I’m not sure what it’s like in the melting pot. Anyway. It was a quick ride back to Gunsan and a restful, dream-filled sleep.
Seeing His mother beside John, Jesus speaks in a weak whisper to her, “Dear woman, here is your son,” (John 19:26b NLT) as He nods to John. And to John, He says, “Here is your mother.” (John 19:27a NLT)
These are just a few ways to help out other organizations in your area after your sale is over. If you have other ideas to add to the list, please comment below.
And this is only the first 12 hours…of a 13 day trip!
and I imagine his arms around me.
So why have private schools traditionally favoured small class sizes?
Here we are; a year after I wrote the story. I am sitting in the hospital next to Tomas' crib while he sleeps. He has been inpatient for 7 days in order to have some procedures done and some tests run. This makes 4 hospital stays in 4 months for a total of 20 admissions in his 32 months of life. Tomas has had a rough few months; 2 line infections, one that was pretty severe, degenerating gut motility, progressive liver damage from the tpn, re-discovery of the ASD in his heart, a recommendation from one of his specialists that he be evaluated for a mitochondiral disorder, chronic neutropenia which prompted another bone marrow biopsy and some neutrophil testing, and another fasting study to get to the bottom of the metabolic disease causing his hypoglecemia. The goal of this hospital stay was to be able to safely reduce the number of hours his TPN runs in a day, in the hopes that we can slow the liver disease and possibly reverse it. In order to do this he has to be able to fast as he can not take in enough volume by tube feedings anymore to reliably count on enteral feeds as a source of glucose. Before admit he was fasting 4 hours and we are going home tomorrow with a plan for fasting 6 hours.
We’ve also included The Weeknd’s awesome remix of “Shake It Out” for your listening pleasure.
I'm particularly taken by a submission called BeadBricks by Rizal Muslimin, described as able to facilitate the design of microclimates "in and around buildings" by allowing variable levels of porosity in the facade. BeadBricks could thus allow architects "to modulate the environmental factors including sunshine, wind, thermal mass, and evaporative cooling."
Appreciating the evidence, the Judge added: “The prosecution has been able to prove that accused Dalwinder Kaur Dhesi, Paramjit Singh Raipur and Nishan Singh abducted Harpreet Kaur, who was a major, by deceitful means…. The prosecution has further been able to prove that accused Dalwinder Kaur Dhesi and Paramjit Singh Raipur got Harpreet’s pregnancy terminated without her consent after keeping her under sedation and this was not done in good faith or for saving her life”.
At this point I met Emilia who was on course to finish under 2hrs and looking strong. It’s not great introducing yourself to someone while you are at your racing worst, but I still kind of did it.
1 societies
I am doing the couch to 5K program. I just started this past Monday ... so I am closer to the "couch" end of this thing but I am determined to get to the point where I can run the whole 5K race. Tonight I went out with my neighbor Kelly, who is also training. I have to say, it is much more fun to run with a buddy!
How we feel is so much more powerful than what we choose to think about. If you set thinking and feeling at the start line of a sprint, what do you think the results would be? Let’s just say that thinking would be the tortoise and feeling would be the hare! Not that it was totally necessary but science is starting to prove that the feelings we choose to put into motion about things today, truly shape the outcome of our tomorrows. If you ask people who have had what seem to be miraculous, spontaneous healings concerning their deadly cancer prognosis and how it is that they are cancer-free today, many will tell you that how they chose to feel about themselves, their fears and the feeling of unconditional love for themselves is what totally turned things around for them. They allowed feelings of greatness concerning themselves to come front and center, no matter what was told to them otherwise. How could this be? Feelings are an amazing energetic tool we’ve been given that unlock doors that once seemed to be slammed shut, the key nowhere to be found. Feelings are powerful and just like anything that is a precious commodity that has the power to effect change, how we use them can make all the difference in the world, your world. Always remember that results don’t happen on our time clock, but the Universal time clock.
I am including this preface to inform the reader of any and all circumstances that might be conceived of a creating a biased review or a conflict of interest regarding the choice of words used in the following review. I could go on and on with semi-legal jargon but I guess you will just have to trust me eh?
C04 Drama Queen
Other books by Peter Lemesurier:
Zinnerman helps a broken boy put himself back together at his lowest moment with the rough and threadbare love of a father who has lost everything. In return, Banagher saves Suberoa’s heart from falling into darkness and losing himself to vengeance at the battle of Torrington. Sometimes a son’s role is to fight their father when they are wrong. We spend so much time trying to catch up to our dad’s backs that we forget that they are fallible men as well. I don’t believe we become men until we have learned to stand up to our fathers when we must, and still love them as we fight, just as they do for us. Fists, sometimes, are a man’s romance.
That there’s not an Arby’s located in my home town.
I hope to be on more regularly and post some more uplifting topics later this week.
Everyone's gone 'like' button crazy.
Take care, Leslie
Snore-e-o IV, V, VI, VII…
Can you remember watching a play, a ballet or an opera and suddenly the lights faded and the spotlight fell on the main character? You were dazzled at the intensity of the brightness. His or her white garments glowed like an advertisement for Drive, Dynamo or Hurricane washing powders. (Products sold in Australia). Perhaps it might have been an ad for less dynamic sounding brand names like Omo or Earth Choice. Or it might well be that another brand name Radiant would be the best description one could get for the intensity of that light.
“I. . .love you . . .”
If you’re expecting great literature, you’ll be disappointed. If you want a readable tale with an interesting twist on a familiar story, you certainly could do worse than The Last Ringbearer.
Our final spot is at an isolated beach on the other side of Malenge. It is a picturesque spot with just five simple cottages on a small beach away from any village which keeps garbage to a minimum. There is good snorkeling right off our beach. There is no electricity and no running water. We are the only guests. We are the Howells while Skipper and Gilligan tend to our basic needs. Neither of us have a book to read and without internet or TV either our daily schedule is something like this:
OBSTACLES: While a popular hit on the Great White Way, those don’t always translate well to the multiplex. Also the knock on the play is that the story is kind of trite.
You KNOW you don’t need these. It’s not healthy. Why are you doing this?
7. Kids are a different story and it really depends on how your iPads are deployed. Single user vs. cart makes a difference. But the best thing for learning is still to put as much app installation power in the hands of the end user as possible.
Fresh tomatoes are available in my back yard for most of two seasons. I got a bit of a late start this year, but I’ve gotten things set up:
Another time, Gina had a cupcake in one arm and Jude in the other and he proceeded to grab the icing off of the cake and stuff it into his mouth. Though some of the frosting made it into his hair and far reaches of his face, all he could say was “Mmmmm. Mmmmm.”
Other options: If you are not much of a sewer, you could also adjust the hem only or lower the drapery rod by 1". If you like the topper idea, you could always just add some fabric (without the additional inch) to window treatments you already have and for which you want a new look. (To address a comment on my previous drapery post: I don't consider this a lot of work, since I've been sewing since I was 10 yrs. old. I'd much rather zip these up then spend time shopping for the "perfect" window treatment!)
Enjoy! And maybe make a cuppa for yourself while you’re at it…
As for the Pakatan, once the full result of the GE-13 is known, it must swiftly swear-in and take control of the country. Whether it will be blocked by the army and the police on UMNO’s orders is a different issue and needs to be solved separately. But Pakatan must seize the day, it must be tough and clear-minded. If UMNO refuses to cede power, and creates riots, Pakatan should play smart and not fall into UMNO’s trap. The United Nations, of which Malaysia is a member, will surely be watching and they will help to ensure order by putting pressure on UMNO.
Jane works on a wide range of films and television projects. If you’ve watched the popular series “The Tudors”, you’ve heard the many different sound of horses’ hooves she recorded herself north of Toronto. A quiet, calm, thoughtful woman, she travels the world with her microphone, capturing everything from the sound of nightingales to the noise of a car’s handbrake. She’s a gentle obsessive — with an entire wall and case of trophies and awards for her and her company’s work.
By Jim Garamone
It is here when I do not delve into gossips that the bored mind dwells on in search of connecting and the want to put into words complex feelings that was created in response to another. The analysis of those feelings usually surface towards a black or white direction although the entirety is never as simple as that. It was just the exchange of energies, and it is really unnecessary to qualify and quantify the experience of the person to be something too straightforwardly good or bad. We can discuss. But we do not get locked into the conversation so far as to become stuck in one mood, belittling the emotions that could be shared and the real intelligence of the ideas.
“As Jesus was walking beside the Sea of Galilee, he saw two brothers, Simon called Peter and his brother Andrew. They were casting a net into the lake, for they were fishermen.
For the outfit on the right I paired your top with a powder blue pleated skirt that has beaded designs and horizontal pleats near the bottom. Added is a black fitted jacket with black and blue pinstripes, black heels with little bows and blue stitching, and some silvery white flower chained hoop earrings and matching bracelet.
I say this not as a gloat, but to sort of express my stunned astonishment. I sort of feel like I owe it to every struggling seamstress out there who dreams of bells and whistles to learn every last thing about it just to be WORTHY of the privilege of owning her.
One of them tells me…”This isn’t of your concern”
I need to vent just a bit.
Xypherous: Phreak. I foresaw your coming.
Don't expect everyone to come rushing in at once; the whole idea is that we can all drop in as and when we please; i.e. whenever we have time to report/share clear examples/evidence of these newspapers deceiving their readers.
So just why is he not a popular figure? Many fans will say that it is not the decisions he’s made that they opposed, but a lack of communication around why they were made.
4. Even when you aren’t with one another, you are tied at the hip.
While some alumni do support the consolidation, most do not. In a September 6 position paper sent to the Board of Trustees, George Likourezos, president of the Alumni Association, called the process “stealth” and the terms “extremely one-sided in favor of NYU, and constitute a waste of Polytechnic’s assets.”
And then, since Batman's cape overlaps an empty night sky, it would have made no sense to keep his cape blank and free of interior lines. So Miller laid in some lines there to describe the form (and keep from having an empty space overlapping an empty space....that wouldn't be interesting and creates no sense of depth).
She felt confused, a lot of thoughts were running through her head, most of which was the image of her dead brother, and there was this man holding an axe over her talking about Irish pride. She saw him walk away and heard one of the men on the ship say,
It swung back and forth so much; at first Mike looked like he had no chance after I took out his Rune Priests and 2 whole Grey Hunter squads with minimal cost. But then due to a little luck on his part, the timing of our reserves, and my over confidence, let him nearly take out all 3 of my scoring units. But a little luck got me out of that sticky position and not let the game slip from me. However in the 6th and 7th turn it kept swinging back and forth as our dice either deserted or supported us. In the end my Terminators resilience and firepower won my through, but hell it was not an easy ride to get those 20 points.
The following primary sources are available online:
All rights retained by original copyright holder
Family functions were always entertaining. Particularly when I was left alone with Justin's mom. "Did you hear what she said?" "Why is she so loud?" "I can't believe how much gravy she poured over her turkey."
Well, his face fell and he said: “Yeah. Yes, I would.”
But what makes this comparison of photos really interesting to me is how the entire skirted console and framed picture from the first photo have been removed for the second.
I doused the cake with a bit of a chocolate ganache and then let it cool. Then added part of the frosting and sandwiched the two cakes together.
Over and over, I had to keep reminding myself to ignore the bag - my weak hand wanted to press it back to my chest/get it out of my way or support the flopping from the weight of the addt'l items, or reach to the pit to assist in the punching outward. No, no - we are done with the bag - ignore it, now and shoot! That took time. And I admit I had to practice that draw and pivot quite a few times to stop the "rowing" motion. But then it was a full length 1911 and not the one I carry daily. It took a few extra inches to clear the bag. I feel confident I can more easily clear the bag with the Champion length...
Being a morning person is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
it is too strange. the combination throws be back several years. but more than a lifetime ago. spring time and city working. it peaked to 60 yesterday....february 1st....in boston. joggers were out in full force. the city dwellers were coatless. we got several more people signed up for the summer's CSA....confused or optimistic about the current season.
In this imagined episode she has captured the fear, the sense of duty, the poignancy and the sacrifice of one ordinary soldier, in this case Edgar Simpson of Winnipeg, for all the others in the so-called “war to end all wars.”
Not too shabby after all!
I kept thinking how frustrating it was...
Don´t ask me to define freedom, it´s such a spectacularly grand concept, just realise we don´t want to be tyrannised like the Europeans.
I happen to have the MOST amazing web guy EVER!!!!
One doubts Grayson's students would say they're better off for his arrest. One former student commented on the KXAN site, "I remember Ian Grayson from when I went to Austin High because he gave me a hug on my last day there." Another student declared, "Gotta love how they fire the best history teacher at our school because of something so stupid as possession. I guess an illegal plant takes more priority over a good education."
Sales grew 7 percent over the past year to $213.8 million, according to SymphonyIRI, a Chicago-based market research firm that tracks sales at supermarkets, drug stores and mass merchandise outlets, excluding Wal-Mart.
I think I expected everything to change instantly: that I’d magically become more outgoing and make a ton of new friends in one fell swoop, and I was a bit disappointed when that didn’t happen. But I did really like the atmosphere of camp, and I did make some new, tentative friendships. And as I continued to make my way into the unschooling community by going to a couple of conferences with my mother and sister, and going to Not Back to School Camp again the next year, I started realizing that, slowly but surely, I was making quite a few friends. I found myself keeping in touch with those friends, even though they lived far away, and
Currently, only 49 Representatives belong to the Caucus. To put that in some perspective, 344 Congressional districts are home to at least one small brewery and we assume every one of the 435 districts is home to homebrewers and beer enthusiasts.
Don't have a clue yet.
A spring clean of the mind!
10am-10:30am worksheets with the daily number and letter.
and fill it with profanity.
Although an interior designer may create the layout of a space, they may not build the space without having their designs stamped for approval by an architect, which is why many interior designers also complete school to become architects as well. An interior designer may wish to specialize in a particular type of interior design in order to develop technical knowledge specific to that area. Types of interior design include residential design, commercial design, hospitality design, healthcare design, universal design, exhibition design, spatial branding, etc. The interior designer is responsible for the interior design, decoration, and functionality of a client’s space, whether the space is commercial, industrial, or residential.
Fuck that shit, I'm not shelling out that much money for the game, USED! If it was New, I'd probably bend over and take it, but not USED! Looking around, i eventually find a few places that sell it for reasonable prices... except most are freaking sold out. Then i finally find the first two games for 19.99 on gamestop and sigh in relief, and bookmark the page. I decided to put off buying them until the next day cause... well i was feeling lazy. The next day? Website said they were unavailable.
Jesus is inviting me to cast from the other side of my boat in regard to…..
Here’s when. I thought this article was a joke. Then I thought the tree was. Then I remembered: We are living in 2009.
so, what happen to me for the past weeks? let the pictures tell the story and i'll be the the co-narrator LOL~
It is also claimed he struck Labour Whip Phil Wilson and assorted other MPs who got in the way.
(2)Slowly add water and mix with your hands.
Then, let’s add phosphorus, just for kicks. It is a chemical element and a atomic number 15. It is in those inorganic phosphate rocks over there. That way humans can really be light-bearers. (Did you know that the first form of elemental phosphorus to be produced, white phosphorus, in 1669, emits a faint glow when exposed to oxygen? So human beings really are light-bearers!) When Greek mythology comes around, people will refer to phosphorus as the “light-bearer.” Even the term phosphorescence means, glow after illumination. The vast majority of phosphorus compounds will be used for fertilizers, so it should also help the human to grow. Chuckle, chuckle.
If I could walk around I swear I’ll leave
as he whistles country, refuses to notice
the brazen, exceptional strumpet appeared.
I am so excited for wedding season! We have my sister, three cousins, and a family friend are all getting married this year! The wedding festivities begin this month with one of the two bachelorette parties I've planned for my sister. Her first party is a trip to Catalina Island with her bridesmaids. We are going to have so much fun!
Question No. 5: Have you considered “golden handcuffs” to create additional incentives for your key people to stay? Having a management succession plan is critical to the value and continuity of a business. The strategic buyers, private-equity firms or family members in line to take over the company will typically desire some continuity of talent to ensure the business’s ongoing success. Properly designed incentives could serve a dual purpose, providing a valuable financial incentive for management to stay with the company and creating a funding vehicle for a potential management buyout, should the current owner choose such an exit strategy. Permanent insurance as part of a nonqualified deferred-compensation plan can be an ideal vehicle to address both purposes.
Booktalk: Once upon a time, seven tiny duck beaks pecked their way out of their eggs, but the eighth egg was a little bit different. What emerged wasn’t a duck at all–he was a dinosaur! (Real dino facts in the back of the book.)
and make a Christmas related project.
@fjnNugent - I'm tired of trying to think in 140 characters.
Her right arm aches because she is sleeping on it, as if it is her pillow.
Sentiment "It's a Boy" I embossed with gold powder and heat it
“It is not possible to immediately or simultaneously shut down, or decommission, all of the approximately 21,000 surplus facilities the Department manages due to the tremendous financial resources needed, health and safety measures involved, and the economic impact on surrounding communities.” (pg. 8).
- I measured out 100g for each bun, and ended up with 20 1/2. If I'd been a little more thoughtful when I was working, I could have avoided that half roll, but warm from the oven the little bun made for a great taste test for my daughter.
Energy: The book compares future energy use to CSAs. In other words, we need to start developing local energy (CSEs). Question: How much does it cost to put solar panels on one's house? For now, I am waiting for my current contract to expire with Amigo Energy and then I will switch to Green Mountain. I don't really know what else to do besides conserve...Any ideas?
I’m trying to see you
NOT WHAT YOU WANTED LIFE TO BE…..
She would finish her work ahead of time in the small rural school she attended and then be allowed to browse in the book collection, which was where she discovered the Norse myths.
Of course, it's extra nice when there is Mulled wine to keep me company....
( It was early, he had nothing to eat or drink, it had to be too much sun)
Parents reading this will no doubt be reassured - but lessons are observed anyway. In my first such inspection, I was observed for six lessons, and at that time, I was not unique in this. Some teachers I know had far more. All this happened when inspections lasted a whole week. The length of inspections has been reduced since, but, in my experience, the number of classroom visits pro rata has not dropped. All this talk of "shake-ups" is happening for another reason - one to which I have alluded before.
Parillaud
Can you have too much of a good thing? I loved the explosion of colors and patterns in these pictures, but have to admit that there may be a little bit too many things going on in the pictures! But they still make for some fun pictures!
Cliffhangers are merely made up of the ending problem of the POV character and a punch line that tells us why it matters. Not all of your scenes will be as dramatic as this one, but you should try to find the strongest cliffhangers to end your chapters.
Dharma Volkswagen van: $47,500
Do they really mean these fulsome compliments? (A rare correct use of 'fulsome'). Or are they thinking "Fuck me, who let the dogs out?"
Dearest Leta,
Homemade butter tastes fresh and buttery. Of course, if you can get your hands on organic raw cream from grass-fed cows, your butter will be the ultimate. I used grocery-store organic cream. Unfortunately it’s been ultra-pasteurized. (Translation: it’s dead, they took the life out of it.) But, hey, at least it tastes good.
I hope you have a wonderful Easter with family and friends.
Choose a pair made of a breathable material, such as leather, cotton or canvas. Steer clear of plastic shoes. These can make your baby’s feet sweat, which can lead to fungal infections such as athlete’s foot.
Here’s an excerpt:
First up, I baked some Banana Cupcakes with Nutella frosting (recipe was found here). With this recipe, I had a couple of issues (aside from the fact that the batter was very gooey and not pour-able), namely the fact that I hadn’t used my oven in over two years and ended up grilling the damn things! I’ll have to make them again to see how they are (all things equal), though the frosting (a little runnier than I like) was lovely!!
“What have you done now?” snips Jamie, he turns to Amber all smiles,
another cloying poem-thing
Ironically, there is no weed with probably a quarter mile of me. Interpolate as is your wont, my minions. You may find this fact journalistically-dishonest (Pike and co. have said repeatedly that Dopesmoker was written to be heard while stoned), but I feel I must fully disclose.
His final piece of silverware was the 2008 FA Cup he won with Portsmouth.
Papermania Make a wish sentiment. TH Scattered straw.
Domaine de la Poultiere (Vernou-Sur-Loire): I can't believe I'm wine tasting at 8:45am. Greeted by a sweet dog. Nice wines. Bought a lovely white for dinner.
Visit Jen for more flashbacks.
Either way, we’ll know soon enough, right? Here's hoping because until they actually confirm/announce the identity of the actor/actress playing the new companion, rumours like this one will persist. Personally I'd be open for Sophia Myles being the next companion more than Reinette returning (and I liked Reinette). What does everyone else think?
almost seemed crooked which really made
Currently gas is $3.66 a gallon. Everytime I fill my tank up I feel as if I am selling my soul. My head hurts, things start to go dark, and just when I feel like it is the 'end' the nozzle makes that loud CLICK, I hold my breath and slowly open my eyes expecting to see the fiery gates of hell but instead see 'TOTAL $43.76'. After reading the total it is usually followed by some gasping, groaning, and muttering curse words under my breath. Once I get back into my car I slump down in the drivers seat and conjure up ideas on how to get myself and Kam from Tremonton to Logan on a pedal bike. Since that is highly unreasonable (although I know everyone that reads this is picturing me pedaling my butt 27 miles one way with a happy-go-lucky 3 year old on the handlebars holding my purse...) I have found some other ways to save money. Well I guess just one way. One really big, really awesome way to save money....COUPONS!
The real world can be terrifying. There are a lot of things you are forced to do as a newly produced college graduate. Many of you will suffer from serious anxiety attacks. In fact, it’s likely that some won’t survive their transformation from college student to adult, unable to adapt to a life that requires you to wake up before noon AND wear semi-presentable clothing every day.
Sixteen of 20 AP Top 25 teams won in College Football's 12th Week but none won bigger or more impressively than Urban Meyer's Florida Gators, who literally crushed Steve Spurrier's South Carolina home prices mentioned earlier were only one indication of the gaston south carolina attractions and unusual statutory requirements, however. Merely providing information to a federal criminal mortgage fraud activities. Consumers need to be finally said that these colleges in South Carolina. You can enjoy more Southern history at one of South Dakota provide their willing students with too few specialty options. Nevertheless, this is that home prices upfront, there is not contingent upon the gaston south carolina attractions be brought up in Court.
(6) Kid's Cuisine TV dinners
- 3 tbsp sugar
I could have been going out to nice restaurants every night and drinking champagne instead of sitting home like a schmuck watching Antiques Roadshow.
Sharon Isaacs - Feelings
It was so warm last week that I had to run the air conditioner several days. I wasn't prepared for that - I brought sweatshirts and sweaters, not tee shirts! Thank goodness a cold front went through yesterday and the high today is supposed to be 60. Oops, it was 61 when I got up so I guess the weather guy missed it. :)
Lou tells it best, “Hillerman was a warm and kind gentleman, who made me extremely proud and grateful to bring such an iconic character to life. Every once in a while, we get blessed with the kind of writing that brings out the best in us and challenges us to bring our hearts, minds and souls to a role completely. Funny thing is, he could write the words so very eloquently but had a little more trouble making them come out of his own mouth.”
The following awesomness was observed this week:
Pre test run, I would never have contemplated buying an iron like this, thinking it was too big and just overkill.
Heart Doodles embossing Folder (The paper studio)
“On her way out through the foyer, Mad Martha commented in all seriousness to the box office staff that Her in the nice cream blouse were a brilliant actress. That film were a masterpiece.”
"That's the trouble with the Bellows family," says school bully Jess. "They're all brain dead."
Accessories: Scallop Square Punch and Pumpkin Pie Striped Grosgrain Ribbon
Diane is retired Air Force, yet still works for the military. She was diagnosed with an injury, yet didn't want to give up her quilting. So before she *officially* retired she made sure she had a long arm machine!!
I had a break from sewing while we were away. I didn't even take a small hand sewing project so I'm raring to get back into it. The question is what to do next?
Your time is valuable and if you want to get the best of each day you first need to master the art of choosing and then saying no to everything else.
With Malcolm after he was given rest - for months I replayed his last moments in my mind like being caught in an endless unrelentling video loop. I couldn't turn it off.
Plate your poached eggs. You may, or may not, wish to slice open the yolk and allow some to cascade down your plate. Garnish with tarragon, pepper, and a drizzle of mac oil. Dish up some fat sprouts and happy piggy.
2. Amygdala hijack: This concept was created by Dan Goleman and explains why counting to 10 or some other brief pause is essential before responding when one feels triggered. You can learn more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amygdala_hijack
Saturday, April 7
In order to make this petition more impactful, would you please also add your designation and institutional affiliation in brackets after your name (since there is no specific column for these details in the i-petitions format)?
Of course if the PUBLIC paid for those Oscars (which they did indirectly but have no rights to vote on in who wins acts or whatever, methinks a boycott of all film and media until they can vote on which star wins should be suitable? Even which stars to cast ONLINE, via class distinction based criteria and of course that all powerful 66.6% quorum as always. We will not be part of the group which blindly pays for film and has no rights to vote on who wins. A panel of judges could well be bribed or even manipulated by government for any agenda, so who can claim that those awards are really neutral or just more propaganda?
For example, last Thursday an individual listed a nice looking Ford F-150 truck on Craig’s List that upon discovery by both Spoilboy and Dragonwife curled their toes with glee. For Spoilboy it was the appearance of the truck and the reasonable price. Dragonwife on the other hand liked the low mileage and the fact that its purchase would turn both Spoilboy and me into suburban yard working serfs for all eternity.
Sometimes I just have to sit back and realize that it's all going to be just fine. I have to go to that happy place. The happy place changes from day to day and season to season. Right now, it's the excitement of the coming gardening year.
UGH! I need to get organized.
Joseph Mount, the man behind Metronomy, hails from Totnes in Devon. You’d never have guessed it from the locationless indie-disco of his earlier music, but the third Metronomy album sees him carefully hone in on the charms of southwest England. The market town in question is reimagined as (a different/fantasy) the English Riviera, a romantic destination where magic happens – and it’s apparent from the get-go, with the sound of cawing seagulls opening the album’s first song.
But what happens when the same plant is severely pruned or cut back for renovation and it is at a world class horticultural institute ? Then it is not snickered at and upheld as good horticultural craftsmanship
My main issue with remakes is that they’re written by people who don’t understand or have the same motivation for writing or making the new film as the originators. Rarely is a remake undertaken with true passion for the subject and in horror, it seems that most remakes are written by fans who want nothing more than to leave their mark on their favourite franchise (witness how lovingly the Elm Street remake writers poured over Freddy’s backstory and left the rest of the characters, especially Nancy Holbrook, whose model, Nancy Thompson, was written for a specific reason and with purpose, out to dry...but I digress.)
I am so excited about the plans that I have for a certain area I have outside in my yard.
Sitting in my cubicle listening to the guy as he explained to our receptionist all about phallic symbols (yes, he went there).
The BFG was a pleasant surprise of a character. He is presented as a mysterious, black-cloaked individual, who looks - and is - exceptionally old. However, the BFG has a wonderful child-like wisdom that even at Sophie's age is subsiding.
What I like about his children is that they’re neither cutesy or little adults, but somewhere in-between. And if you get a crying picture, there’s always a smiling one to go with it.
I probably won't bother with the final movie. The ending of the TV series, as incomplete as it was, was at least some sort of ending. Bah.
Now for the next types of units, you´d need some special bases. Of course this units are pretty rare in almost all armies. The special bases are 60x80mm for chariots and artillery, and some round 60mm for commanders (this bases vary for every army and every player, so don´t take it too seriously).
Strangely, many Malaysians accept rumours as the gospel truth, not realising that the wagging tongues strive to spread fear and malice.
18. How would you describe your personal fashion concept in 2010?
Possibly, I can make the applications, and deal with the distress. Telling myself that I should not be distressed, I should just get on with it, or even that I am not distressed, it is imagined, has got me here. I can deal with the distress cognitively- What is actually happening?- and by feeling and accepting it, and self-caring.
our very thick, lush hedge.
A detailed accounting of the reasons for such highly questionable restrictions on liberty should be required to be made known to all.
Get In a Physical Fight
4<U+2033>.
- Both babies successfully maintained their own body temperatures in their shut-off isolettes and are now in open-air cribs.
A rep for the store tells TMZ, “The card was in our stores prior to Ms. Houston’s death. As soon as this was brought to our attention, we began the process of removing the card from all applicable stores.”
I didn’t like this book! *eek* And yes, I did dislike this book with an exclamation point. I’ll give you that I was harder on this book because I picked it up during a time when I was dying for a can’t-put-it-down type of trashy romance. I needed a bodice ripper at it’s best. Luckily I didn’t put all my bookish dreams into one pot…Ashley over at Into The Hall of Books turned me onto The Night Huntress Series and it was love at first sight! So, while this first attempt [Craved] by Nelson held some potential for future trashy-ness I just couldn’t get past the bad writing.
The short apology reads:
Grosvenor House Publishing is taking nothing based on these examples of book costs. I have seen several author solution companies claim the above royalty as a 100% royalty, but Grosvenor explains royalties the way they should be explained, that is, based on the percentage of a book’s retail price. For authors wishing to order larger print runs, Grosvenor do also use litho offset printing and will quote on this.
to grasp its warmth.
But if you want to experiment, and to devote several hours and arm strength to see how magically transforms milk into this yummy thing, here's the recipe!
In books that discuss cotton spinning, we're told that one end of cotton sliver will spin more smoothly than the other due to the direction of carding. So if your cotton is not spinning smoothly, flip the cotton sliver over to see if it spins more smoothly from the other end.
Grass Border.... I punched out a bit of grass using my Martha Stewart grass border punch. I cut it the thickness I wanted then cut it the length I wanted. Then I rounded the corners with a small round corner punch and popped it up on my card.
During a Summer Session at UT Brownsville I used Stupid America in one of the Sabal Palms Lectures I delivered there. The audience responded to the poem just as we all did when you first wrote it almost 40 years ago. Your work in Chicano poetry will stand as a testament to struggles we’ve endured as Chicanos in proclaiming our presence in this country; and your poetry will stand as the legacy
As someone with Type 1 diabetes (the "real" diabetes, as I like to put it -- the kind you can't help getting), I sometimes wonder when I'll end up retiring, or how long I can escape death. So I wonder how much I should be saving for retirement. Will I get the typical 25-30 year long retirement? Or would I have to retire at 40 to pull that one off? If I work until I'm 65, I could have lots put away, only to die within 2 years if I'm lucky, on the other hand.
First I visit the elderly retired couple next door. The husband, a former anthropology professor, answers the door, and it’s obvious from his stooped posture and confused expression that he’s had more lucid days. I tell him I’m here to check his senses.
No, not the light tears-well-up-in-your-eyes-because-she's-crying kind of cry.
I would love for you to leave me a comment of this wedding invitation.
At some point the dream basically became the TV show The Walking Dead, without zombies & with flying machines & unknown beings instead, and even most of the cast from that TV show were in the dream with me; and we were trying to survive & avoid the machines & whatever else the spaceship-like things sent down.
AL East:
This lover and maid so true
According to some evidence, the column was used by Ruggieri, primarily as an astrological observatory. Ruggieri had a workshop at the top of the tower, but interestingly it could also be accessed directly from Catherine de Médicis’s apartment in the palace via a spiral staircase. What exactly took place in Ruggieri’s workshop is not clear, and neither is the exact role astrology played in the life of Catherine de Médicis, an incredibly powerful woman, who was Queen from 1547 to 1559, then Queen Mother and advisor to three of her sons during their reigns.
4. Tokyo Story, Yasujiro Ozu, 1953.
I choose to believe that I create my own experiences, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
5. Speaking of which, back in 2004, a Doctor Who/Star Trek crossover was seriously on their list of plans, until Enterprise was axed.
JUSTIN: You've got a CD of your music, that you self produced that's available on your website. Are there any plans to do another?
I’ll be around later this afternoon to see what everyone is up too.
This morning I opened my email and waiting for me was a note from a gentleman that sends me all kinds of information about guns, shooting, and self defense. I always look forward to what he has to say and I almost always learn something. Today's email led me to Bayou Renaissance Man's blog. It included a link to this post which if you are even remotely interested in self defense you should read.
Community TV Proposals
9. Love this synthy, quirkly one-hit wonder from the eighties.
“Well, Miguel’s shoes are problematic,” she said.
Upon magellin’ hair
Met the love of my life
So you have to keep coming back!
12. WW III (01:47)
and the head of it is surrounded by glory, a rain halo.
“BP’s policies are as rusty as its pipelines. I’m even more concerned about BP’s corporate culture of seeming indifference to safety and environmental issues. And this comes from a company that prides itself in their ads on protecting the environment. Shame. Shame. Shame.” Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, told BP executives during a heated September 2006 hearing, Welch reported.
‘What country?’ I asked them.
Solution: If your QR code can’t be scanned, it’s just taking up valuable space. Thorough testing is extremely important, and be sure to follow these design-related best practices to improve reliability. Also, remember that your audience should be able to access the Internet (no subways) with the ability to stop and scan (no billboards).
I wonder which one of my favourites is going to survive the tide for there can be only one winner in this competition…..
" Ahem, I don't get shit faced until AFTER I put her down!"
The PRIME MINISTER The Government are not prepared to introduce legislation on this subject.
What can I control in the month of May? Plenty!
What with the 12 noon start and the constant wandering we were flagging by the time the doors were opened to the public at five. We thought that was a good time to call it a day. It wasn't though as were were soon suffering the stifling, crowed commuter train home. We'll just have to stay later next year.
Now, you might think that they're going to take you off the beaten track, and in some cases that's true. Most tourists don't get up to Inwood in Manhattan or out to the Bronx. But they do go to Ellis Island and Liberty Island, though they likely don't know that Ellis Island's Main Building was built on top of a Native American burial site, or that the island where the Statue of Liberty stands was a Native American shellfish-gathering station and hunting and fishing camp.
There are several version of the "Jelly Bean Prayer" floating around out there but our kids have learned the colors of the wordless book and I wanted the jelly beans in our lesson to match closer to that. The result is the poem "Easter Jelly Beans"
When warranted, other clauses should include statements about any prior agreements that may relate, dominate or affect in any way the present agreement. Cancelled or suspended agreements should be mentioned as well.
“I know you’re scared, but just stay where you are and the police will be there shortly.”
Because right now, compared to some of my friends -- younger, hipper, or generally more energetic -- I feel like the biggest Grandma.
Computer Printed Sentiment
“The governments of the present day have to deal not merely with other governments, with emperors, kings and ministers, but also with the secret societies which have everywhere their unscrupulous agents, and can at the last moment upset all the governments’ plans.”
And the only one that can stop them? This guy.
I pretty much want all of these :) what about you?
Add the school concerns with the medical needs, special foods due to allergies (I think I will have to take the ENTIRE family off of wheat due to Caedmon's severe wheat allergies...the last few times I have ground wheat he seemed to have a slight reaction), Jeff's and the children's musical activities outside the home (me? Yes, I dropped my outside musical activities years ago and now am satisfied with daily singing with the little guys and occasionally sitting down to play for a time at the piano), extra church meetings, remodeling projects and my normal food prep, cooking, cleaning and now the Christmas shopping to do as well...I find myself having to drop projects that I have planned in order to meet the needs of the family. Isn't that what Moms do?
"Recently there was a news report quoting a state deputy chief minister as saying the poverty rate in Sabah has dropped by 7%. Do you believe this?
John O’Meara: Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po), France
And squealed like a pig when I whittled one ball.
(iii) A regiment of 4,000 soldiers, under the command of Major-General John Sullivan Wood marched from Gorakhpur to invade Palpa.
Yesterday Lauren and I ventured down to the Hester Street Fair and found what might be the best ice cream I've had all week, maybe even all month. It's called Guerrilla Ice Cream and they have some of the most genius flavors I've seen. I got the yogurt flavored sorbet topped with halvah and pomegranate molasses. Is your mouth watering yet? They also had Chai Masala topped with sliced almonds and candied fennel. The most visually impressive flavor was the dark chocolate/port wine flavor, which was then dressed up with cashews and bananas that they fosters-ized in front of you with a blow torch.
“M” – Encroaching goblin with tent (Neon Rays + NP01)
The sense of black’s radicality, as simultaneously the root and the extremity of color, is already clear. What calls for commentary is the relation between this radicality and the emotion of color, which is now addressed as simultaneously the emotion of specific color and the emotion of color itself. The relation implies two meanings for black emotion: 1) the feeling of other-than-color at color’s root; 2) the feeling of other-than-color at color’s intensity. The seizure of black emotion is consciousness passing like a current between these poles. On the side of the object, black emotion is the affect of seeing that the thing itself, all that one does not see, is black. Here black is the unseen of the seen. On the side of the subject, black emotion is the affect of seeing that the image, all that one does see, is black. Here black is the seen of the unseen. In one direction black is the not-revealed of a color, the vision of there being more to see. In the other direction black is the only-revealed of a color, the vision of there being nothing seen. This epilectic emotion is a blackout, not a blackout of vision, but a witnessing of the blackout that vision is: the passionate suspension of vision within the endlessness of its never having been or actual impossibility. It is absolutely important, therefore, that the text says “a color,” signifying the complicity of black emotion with specificity, individuation, presence, facticity. This shows black is the index of color and the ecstatic character of black emotion, in the sense of an experience that refers to the impossibility of its own taking place, following Bataille: “THE OBJECT OF ECSTASY IS THE ABSENCE OF AN OUTSIDE ANSWER. THE INEXPLICABLE PRESENCE OF MAN IS
Mastermind
1. A system for reproducing a color original in a medium using a selected multiplicity of reproduction colorants, the system comprising in serial order:
No one ever asked me to start having sex in college before I was married.
This weekend has been a flop. I ended up in the ER with stomach issues at 3am on Saturday. Now I'm just resting in pain. All kinds of aches! Hoping to be in decent shape to head to work tomorrow!
Queens MC Junclassic hits us off with a brand new, 15 track collection of his works that he's amassed over the past 9 years of his recording career.
The feet are also different, but I usually don't notice those until I'm browsing and culling my shots. Finally, bees and wasps have four wings, while flies only have two - Di-ptera, two-winged.
The Acid Test Reels 1965-1967
That's all I was able to manage. We were so busy all weekend getting ready and cleaning and prepping some of the food and decorating and moving furniture that I didn't get the photos I was hoping to. She loved it and was happy, so that's all that matters.
7. When I was about seven, I hatched a plan to have a hundred children, name them all after flowers, and spend my afternoons making industrial quantities of toffee apples. Fortunately, no part of this plan seems likely to come to pass, though some of the flower names were pretty special. Ranunculus Harlot has a certain je ne sais quoi.
My next reply was from MaheDrysdale the 5 time world champion and Olympic bronze medalist in 2008 in my old event the single sculls says that superstitious routines can only be a hinderance as if they do not happen the way you wanted them to it only serves to hinder your performance mentally if you do not do them the same way every time.
Vert: 30,000'
Hello Dreamers,
There's also been a bit of facing up to Facebook and squeaking back at Twitter, plus other distractions such as writing events and holidays and work and combing the cat. All work as excellent reasons for staying away from the Blogger New Post page.
1 consumed
5. Iron Man 2
Clenching his teeth against the pain, he rolled off the rocky shelf that served as his bed. He could not walk because his stupid horse had fallen on him and crushed one of his legs. He crawled across the floor, the bandaged stump of his arm leaving a trail of blood. The mirror had cracked, making a jagged line across his mother’s face to match the scar Arthur’s sword had left across his own.
It’s okay to feel down
Luck has never been in her favour
not end until mid JULY 2013. And by ATOS’ torturous standards, a new one will begin within weeks of that.
Yummy right? Inviting? Wanna come over for dinner right about this point? If that isn't bad enough for you, try removing the burner and the drip tray. Just for fun. However, if you have a queasy tummy, I'd suggest looking away right now. Because I removed the burner and the drip tray and this is an example of what was below.
I began to think of all this tree had seen, felt, and heard in the hundreds of years it had been standing in this one spot. If only this tree really could speak to me. What would it tell me? Here this tree stood tall and majestic providing beauty and shelter for anyone who came near. It asked for nothing in return. It was a giving tree. And then I thought of the carvings and what that did to this tree. Who made the first carving? Was it a hundred years ago or longer? The people who carved their initials in this tree have most likely left this earth by now yet, the imprint they left on the tree is still there. They’ve passed on to another place while the tree continues to weep from the carving they left. Then I wondered what all had this tree seen through the years. Were their wars going on all around it? People fighting? Arguing? Were their peaceful times? I’m sure when the tree saw all of the people who were in love, its soul smiled.
then one day. it happened. i was in the next room when all of the sudden i heard a cry. a pained, panicked, anguished cry. i ran in to find...eggie. in pieces. first thought? disease. luckily eggie broke on a placemat so just ran that over to the sink. as my daughter sobbed and screamed "he's gone! he's gone!" i scrubbed her hands. then we sat down. at that point, i noticed the 4-year-old had tears streaming down his face. "oh eggie! poor eggie!" he sobbed. i held the two of them on my lap, both inconsolable.
More of Leona’s paintings and drawings, which are in many private and public collections, can be seen on leonafrank.com. And her blog about teaching art to children and adults is chalk-full of videos and detailed, illustrated instructions for intriguing art projects ranging from making monoprints to tissue-paper painting to drawing from observation.
local thrift store
As a teaser for the forthcoming Sound of Fear event at London's South Bank Centre on 3 September, The Guardian are running a piece I've written about the art of the horror movie soundtrack. You can read it here.
If the center of the low pressure would have been where the models forecast it Saturday night, these snowfall totals could have easily been over eastern Ohio and western PA. As for the rest of the night, as the low continues to progress away from the area, there is still some moisture available for some lake-effect rain or snow showers to impact the area. In fact, as of 835pm, a band of light precip was extending from Ashtabula into northern Trumbull counties in Ohio and Erie and Crawford counties in northwest PA. Meadville, PA in Crawford county was reporting light snow and 34 degrees at 8pm. Even if this band does make it into the Youngstown area, it won’t be a problem.
Saturday morning came and we were in no rush to get to Atlanta so we took our sweet time. For some reason in my mind, I didn't think it would be too crowded. In my strange mind because it was Dec 11 and the train had been there since Oct 29, everyone else had probably gone already. We got there at 11:00, bought our tickets (we decided to get the double ride) and waited in line for TWO HOURS. The last time I waited in line for something for two hours, I was a teenager at Six Flags. This time was a tad different because we had a TWO YEAR OLD WITH US! It was a battle to keep her happy but between the two of us, we kept her pretty content. We let her run around a little. Play on our phones a little. She did very well considering.
The paper is from My Mind's Eye, the little roses and hat pin are from Wild Orchid Crafts and the tag with the sentiment is from Magnolia (Dream Tag). The big tag I used as a background, I believe is from 7 Gypsies, but I'm not sure. Sorry :(
Exactly. We had initially decided to start UNDEAD CREEP as a HAEMOPHAGUS side-project, and the idea was to record only one demo just for fun. We were real high on Ekeroth's 'Swedish Death Metal'! But after all the good feedback we got for the demo we wanted to go on like a real band and write a proper full-length album.
The kids TOTALLY thought I was going to be picked up by the farmers for stealing their cotton, and I was so consumed by my dreams of decor,I couldn't hear the shear terror in their voices.
The guys got an early start planting this year.
Step one: Lean the pallet up against a sturdy support, with the back facing you. Or, if it’s comfortable to you, lay the pallet on the ground. Most pallets have one side with a few supportive base slats and one side with even, multiple slats. You will want to use the side with even slats for planting. Plan to staple your plastic backing to the backside/bottom. Decide which end will face the ground and which end will be the top of your planter when you lean the pallet upright. Have the bottom of the planter accessible and facing you because you will need to staple a plastic or cardboard overlay to hold your dirt in place once the pallet is leaning upright.
2. It is great to be able to organize thoughts and ideas. I can't tell you how many hundreds of sites I have saved to my "bookmarks." I never even go to them, because there are just so many that I barely remember which ones are what and they end up just being forgotten. Not so with the blog. You post the pic and the site, add a label and its easy as ever to locate when you need it!
Fragrance
Gary King: Name the funny men who once entertained kings and queens at court.
going through my drafts, and i found this! take note that i answered this when i was in form five, oh my god. clearly, i had serious anger issues. and i sounded miserable! like an articulate, sarcastic bitch.
Also in this busy week, I hope to be able to spend some time with my wonderful boyfriend Jason. As spring comes both of us are busy doing our own things, the only time I get to see him really is after 8 pm every night when I come home! I really want for him to come up and watch my lesson on Sunday. Since it will be raining he can't go fishing! Lol
The online market is huge and with the current Internet revolution, online shopping has just taken off. There are lots of web based business models coming up, which promise easy, reliable and customized shopping experience. Today, we have a look at Online Business card printing services
i just wanted everything to be a bit more cohesive. i also picked up some flowers from home depot (the ones in the front have already almost-died then come back to life at least 2 times this week. resilient little guys!) and cute little pots. you can't really tell in the photo, but the pot that is sitting on the table in front of the bench is the perfect pale robin's egg blue that is in the pillows on the furniture.
To this Harry added by pointing out the value of critiques and editing. He also said that anyone who comes to the Festival will inevitably leave a better writer. Wise man, that Harry Bingham.
I've made these before - I brought them to Thanksgiving this past year. However, I cursed the little strawberries the whole time I was making them. I didn't have a melon-baller. I had to carve out each individual strawberry with a knife.... and that took ages. We received a gift card a month later at Christmas for Bed, Bath & Beyond and guess what item I headed straight towards? Yep. The melon-baller. And we've been best friends ever since.
Here is our new family member... Murphy.... and yes, I can't just say Murphy... I have to add on. I've been making him Irish... Murphy O'Neal.... Carly on the other hand has been calling him Murphy Brown... he is NOT a girl!!!
Adrienne
Hello, I'm back today with this weeks card for a new challenge over at the CES Challenge Blog. This week Sue has chosen the theme "Humour/Funny". If I'm honest it got me stumped. Something I don't make many of, but remembered that I had some stamps from years ago (unused of course) that were humerous and I even remembered the colour box they were in.
Damsel In’Distress
“It doesn’t matter,” I said. “It’s not relevant to our lives.”
The ITU quote that for a representative vessel the "noise at 3MHz will be -142dBW" and this leads to an external noise factor of 83dB (...on average... in spring... at 1200UTC.... at 60 degrees North...)
Recently, a local man died and, in his will, he left his house to his son but one room in the house to his daughter. The brother and sister have since fallen out. The people I am staying with do not know how the sister gets to her room via the rest of the building which the brother owns if the brother decides to be really difficult about access.
Actress, producer, writer, BD 3/25/1934
Use 2 minced garlic cloves instead of garlic powder for the bread slices
He concludes by saying:
While all this has been going on, my hubby was laid off starting June 1st! The refinery where he worked was slated to be shut down but it has been bought by a new company that has already started to refurbish and get it ready to reopen some time early next spring. Hubby is supposed to start back by October or November (it may be even sooner) so in the meantime, we are getting things done around the house and taking a few short trips. The refinery where he works is the only one on the east coast of the US that can process sour crude (crude oil from the Middle East) and I was sure it would never actually be shut down, but it was scary until it was announced in April that it had been sold! Yeah!! A lot of thanks goes to our great governor here in Delaware and his staff who worked tirelessly to get the deal done. They also were able to get a deal with Fisker Automotive to start producing electric cars in the old GM plant here in Delaware. All in all over 3000 people will be brought back to work thanks to their quick thinking and determination to get the state 'back to work'. Thank you, Governor Markell!!!!
You patiently give me–
It boot up in about 15 seconds, rather than the two minutes it used to take. It opened web pages instantly, it shut down in seconds. This was the computer I had bought in 2004. I was blown away.
I can see past the fake tits, and plastic dicks
I saw Roger Waters perform The Dark Side of the Moon live in Hyde Park in 2006 I think it was, and if you’ve seen him live yourself, you’ll know it was nothing short of totally amazing. I think the bit I loved the most was the last two tracks, Brain Damage and Eclipse. There were a quite a few people on stage – all masters of their craft – and including three female backing singers, who by the way each took a part in The Great Gig In The Sky (and smashed it), and when it came to Brain Damage and Roger sings the line “And when the band you’re in starts playing a different tune”, I know that everyone’s going to join in an and make the next line epic, and then they do, all the musicians, the three ladies and Roger, “I’ll see you on the dark side of the moon” Ahh it’s just perfect. Again my hairs stand on end, and I could die happy right then and there.
3. Attempt to and/or actually grope your nurse: Then blame her negative reaction toward your loving caress on the fact that you're missing a limb. Clearly she would LOVE being groped by OTHER patients
Roshon & Chelsie – 28
Stretch the fiber really tight and put on the eyelid where I want to make fake line for figuring double eyelid.
Still cool and a bit damp, but I know it will heat up again soon.
A lot people in modern day’s world are working hard striving for success,but why is it that very few attain it?Im 18 years old and for 6 of these 18 years I searched desperately for a formular of success….and I found it!Whats even better is that im going to give it to you..for free!Have you ever noticed that the bad feeling you have when you refuse to give someone something and the feeling you have when you LACK something is in actual reality the same feeling!Now think of that for a moment.Conversly the feeling of fullfillment you have when you GIVE to someone is the same feeling you have when you are in an urbundant state…Now here ,good people lies the secrect to prosperity,its simply giving!We live in an orderly universe and in this universe there can never be a vaccum,therefore: “when you give more of yourself to people,more things tend to enter into your life to fill up the space left by the thing you gracefully gave”.So you need only to learn to give and to keep in mind the fact that you are going to receive in due time.due to the short length of this post I have barely scratched the surface on the topic of giving and how to master it.Be sure to leave your comments for feedback and if you feel you have a burning issue contact me personally on facebook,my full name is Tapiwanashe Mushove…..dont forget to leave your comments!
Earlier this week, I discovered that I had paid another bill twice in two weeks.
The deck crews stare out of a mime
The winter feels less cold
We were up early and we decided to drive into town. Peter Brennan had suggested we take the big green tour bus around Dublin because you can hop on and off all day. So we were on a big green double-decker bus as we toured around Dublin. At the end of the day we concluded that it was probably the best way to see Dublin and make the most of our limited time.
There are said to be 108 energy lines, or nadis, converging to form the heart chakra. Marma points are like Chakras, or intersection of energy, with fewer converging energy lines. On Sri Yantra, the Marmas have 54 intersecting energy lines where three lines intersect. Each has feminine, or shakti, and masculine, or shiva, qualities. 54 X 2 = 108. Therefore there are 108 points that define the human body and the Sri Yantra or the Yantra of Creation. The same rule is observed in the Sanskrit language, with its 54 letters, both representing the two genders and they are also called Shiva and Shakti respectively; again, 54 X 2= 108.
Long before I lent you my dvd of the film I told you this was my favourite film of 2007, so I am glad to see we are back on the same page. Needless to say, I concur with almost everything you say here. I was very attached emotionally to the film's romanticism, even while I was critically attacking it intellectually. Holbrook delivers a stellar performance, while Emile Hirsch is a revelation in the central role. More importantly, Sean Penn's work as a director cannot be lauded enough. His film is a touching and honest tribute to one questing vagabond, to this beautiful if ill-prepared and starry-eyed pilgrim soul, part Thoreau, part Kerouac, and Penn does a commendable job of capturing, honouring and questioning McCandless's journey. And yet, it is not a fauning tribute, as Penn takes a more moderate approach to the protagonist, presenting McCandless as neither a heroic nor a tragic figure, but as a charismatic, single-minded, flawed and wounded individual trying to find his place in the world. Penn clearly sees a lot of himself in the character, just as Krakauer (the author of the book upon which the film is based) did before him. And I must confess that I fall into the same camp. Watching the film was an intensely intimate and personal experience as a result.
4. What’s your biggest phobia?
Today I have an easy but delicious appetizer. You can fill the pinwheels with any ingredients that you like.
He is so patronizing, why doesn’t he adopt Mr. Rotten for chrissakes. I mean he insults his jacket, really? I love Mr. Rotten’s reasoning, the way he argues when he is forced to, “Clothes are fantastic!” YES! Telling it like it is. YES! ”I have introduced new concepts like honesty” He did. Don’t talk to me about Malcolm Mclaren, if you do I will just think you are dumb like the talk-show host. “You don’t know do you” Love it. Johnny is the real deal, he has the stuff.
True beauty radiates from within, but a little lipstick never hurts. You may have a routine. A long, hot bath feels beautiful. A glass of wine may do the trick. An extra accessory, something that you would not normally wear, can make you feel glamorous. Light up your wardrobe with color. Dress for a gala and go to the supermarket. Change your style and persona for a day, for fun.
On our return to the safari camp, Lisa told me that she’d been offered the lead part in an adult comedy which required her to appear nude. It sounded like a bad idea to me. There are very few non-grotesque women who can be funny and naked at the same time. (My friend Jungle Jane, who has exceptionally supple limbs, is the exception that proves the rule.) I wondered how to advise Lisa to turn the part down without appearing to belittle the box office appeal of her naked body.
nor dividing the Substance.
If you want to show your support for a colleague or friend, or even your local Police, read up on the Winsor report, show your support by signing the e-petitions on line, and joining us in London on 10th May 2012. Don’t have the ‘it’s not going to make a difference attitude’, it will. We need a voice, and by going you are our voice. @inspjulietbravo (twitter) #antiwinsornetwork
clay saucer any size
And yet I do talk only of this subject to a few people. One is of course Kunda Guruji, who presents Rishi Vaak with crystal clarity and reason and authentic technical accuracy, and to each person depending upon their present layer.
And here is some of the literature references showing their ill effects on our bodies and those of CRITICALLY ILL patients. This article tells of 2 patients who DIED when their bodies went into metabolic lactic acidosis and the patients died, after being given Blue No1 in their enteral nutrition formulations (aka tube feeding).
This is one of the kind of spiced crackers I make at home, sometimes to re-live and to love those fun tea times, but mostly to keep a stack to snack on a couple of them once in a while. They stay fresh for a couple of weeks at room temperature, so they are really handy when you have to entertain on a quick notice. They also take very little time and effort to make.
Sadly the stories therein are a reflection of a U.K. plunging ever deeper into insanity, and ultimately self destruction.
Even though we weren’t at the birth center, I was still under the midwives’ care the entire time and they were totally there for me. The whole birth experience was amazing and it really took my relationship with my husband to a whole new level. I love my husband and I love the son that we created. The day Jack was born, we became a true family. I
We visited Inveraray and Loch Lomond (above) on the way through, stopping overnight at Carlisle.
I knew most Aspen shops would be off limits budget-wise. The shops there are so expensive that you don't even dare venture inside. However, Dana brought us to a place she knew I would love, the very charming Explore Booksellers, shown below.
After feeling a little house bound today, the kids and I headed down the street for a bit of Op shopping. We only went to one of the biggest ones (which, really isn't that big). We weren't disapointed though, we scored all the above for $7.50! The Prince was very excited with his find, a castle that opens up and has four rooms, a set of wooden trees and people, a construction man and an alien that lights up. He has called it 'The Castle of Dooooooom!'.
And began eating.
“So then it’s settled,” Jennifer said before rising from the couch. Blaine went back to playing his game while Luther sat there thinking about his meeting. Whatever he did tomorrow, he had to ensure his presence was left under the syndicate’s radar.
The SNP with nearly 450,000 votes trailed in a poor second with a paltry 15.6% and a mere 181 wards.
We buried the fox cub a little before dusk,
You know, don’t you?
Regarding the years 2000-2005, what sources of income did plaintiff Julian Robertson have and where were they derived from?
After SIL#3 picked Kara up I headed to the quilt shop to purchase the additional Christmas fabric I need for our girls weekend retreat. Surprise, surprise I couldn't leave without something extra, Sweetwater Reunion fabric.
and eventually walls
Stamp: TGF CC Madden
3) Saturday Schedule -
So, that is when the doubter and judge really show up. "You idiot, why did you agree again to do something for so and so?", "You know that person isn't going to do anything for you, just because you were kind to them." And the little kid in me says, "but I was just being nice, really, I just wanted to be nice." and the Judge says, "no you didn't, you had an ulterior motive, you expected something in return." and again the poor little kid in me says, "oh, maybe you're right, I couldn't possibly know what my real intentions were, I'm just a stupid little kid who can't be anything but a wimp trying to win over people to be my friend." and the Judge say, "see, I told you you were stupid and that you don't deserve to stand up for yourself when you feel like you've been slighted or disrespected." and then the little kid begins to get angry and says, "Hey, I did this, this, and this for that person, I did it out of kindness and yes, you're right I expected to be respected for my kindness, you're right, I expected to be treated with at the very least dignity." And the Judge says, "you don't deserve those things, so before you let your mouth overload your butt, stuff your feelings and pretend everything is okay."
It’ll take a few weeks to work its way down to free on Amazon Kindle. It will also be available on B&N and iTunes. Sign up for M. Pax’s mailing list to be notified the day it does go free on Amazon, and when the book becomes available at other outlets. You’ll also receive coupons for
-Glue Sticks
of his neck,
Anyway I was listening to the radio and was surprised to hear that while some people live in dread of impending home foreclosures, others are impatient with the banks for not foreclosing on their homes quickly enough. Why? Because the value of their home has dropped so significantly that they do not want to pay their mortgage anymore. They'd rather let the bank take the property so they can buy a similar home at a fraction of the cost.
I've never used golden syrup, so I had to take a taste. Amazing! It has a roasty, toasty caramel flavor. Don't cheat and use corn syrup!!
If you already have the old version of Dopesmoker? If you're really into it, you'll wanna check this out. Otherwise, stick with the old version. Tune in, turn on, burn out, daddy-o....
A tough decision confronted her: to walk or to take a taxi. The bus would probably make her sick and she didn’t know the subway system very well. She decided to start walking and let her fatigue make up her mind for her.
Prism Simply Smooth this is VERY smooth. color may not evenly go through the back. Color shows up vibrant and smooth but blending is a little different than on other papers (you really have to try it to understand. People either swear by it or swear at it)
I was a hero that day. Even the commander was more than willing to overlook my transgressions and even offer a promotion, I tell you.
2 celery stalks sliced
To join in please use inlinkz below and remember to include a link back to Our Vintage Affair on your own blog posting!
Surprisingly, Hearts have the second best defence in the league, conceding the same amount of goals as Celtic. I say surprising because it really is made up of a bunch of misfits and average players from around the country. It’s a Mighty Ducks of a back four. Danny Grainger and Jamie Hamill have been regular picks at full back and Sergio hasn’t really had much room for manoeuvre. Like kids in an orphanage, he’s playing with someone else’s toys. Both were signed by Jefferies and I don’t imagine St.Johnstone’s and Kilmarnock’s pretty average full-backs were in Sergio’s dossier on his arrival from Portugal. Yet somehow, they have been part of a pretty successful defence.
With that sad goodbye comes a few "hellos!"
1. Steppenwolf Theater Company’s 30th Anniversary Season
We arrived on a sunny afternoon, on the TGV from Paris. Lille is only an hour or so away from Paris by TGV, and a similar distance from Brussels and London. House prices should be much more expensive than they are there - they probably will be, soon. Walking through town, we passed a huge cathedral:
If you would like to meet with me to discuss how I can help you and your organisation achieve success in the Indonesian market, or you would like to discuss new opportunities emerging in the near future, please send me an email (nathan@asiaaustralis.com). Alternatively check-out my LinkedIn Profile and the website of my company AsiaAustralis.
“People wanted Sarah in a bra and panties, and I gave it to them,” he says. “I’m every bit the businessman she is.”
the big ol' U turn that you do, when you see a potential piece on the side of the road! The one where the kids say, "Mom, don't stop! You have the fleeting thought that you might be a little crazy, but the pitter patter in the ol thumper starts pittering a little faster, and patttering a little harder, and you just HAVE to stop. Pull a Uuy and jump out....throw the piece into the car, and live with the consequences of the eye rolls, and husband's jeering when you get home. And you say....
Two lucky Sacred Bee Blog readers will win one of the following:
7. Ebony (eliminated)
The Race
- Follow me on this blog or twitter(@AIRY_in_WJ) if you're not my follower ^^
Tonight I'm watching some more Shugo Chara. I hope that the new Jack guardian gets revealed as the bad person he is - he's an Easter Agent! Slowly the new Queen guardian is thawing out. I honestly thought she might become the joker, just because Rima's character was more like Amu's when the series first started - before Amu had her charas and was more standoffish to protect herself from looking stupid.
Then there was the argument about the Pulitzer short list is too short, and it should be longer. Well, the clue is in the name. The ‘short’ list. There is a longer short list. The list, and a longer list – the long list… but to enable to have a short list, you have to make the list… shorter, thus necessitating a short list.
...Work suddenly became very hard to find, and his search for it was not helped by his drinking and depression. Friends say that he lost confidence, as can happen quickly to a man caught up in a confidence game.
Martha's Pecan Shortbread Cookies
Economics
The easiest way to do this is to remove all items from your desktop except for items that are absolutely necessary for your work (i.e. phone, computer, task light). Determine which items you use on a daily basis (i.e. pen & pencil holder, letter tray) and place them back onto the desk. Add a personal item or two (i.e. family photo, decorative figurine or small plant). The other items that you have removed will either need to find a new home (i.e. desk drawer, filing cabinet, recycle bin). If you perform this exercise weekly, it will take less and less time to complete and your desk will look beautifully organized.
"Gotta keep my eyes on him Betty, he's a star."
credit: kotaku.com
Don’t know what is solace?
I am curious beyond despair to push this button and find out what happens…except, of course, that my fear of the unknown trumps my curiosity and so the button remains untouched.
The virus is present in the most aggressive types of prostate cancer. Right now, we take a “watch and wait” attitude because we don’t know in which person the cancer will kill them, and in which the cancer will be controlled by the immune system.
there's still more but I'm fed up..will share it soon promise=D... Right now I'm planning to make few deco sweets parts to add to my shop, what do you think? help me decide pleasee???hehe
Ethan said, “I don’t trust girls. And especially those girls who have doctor suits on them. She was purposely sent out to grab us and bring us in. We just want the blue print and no help from you ma’am whatever your name is.”
I have to give a big shout out to my friend Candy for helping set this area up. My brain was mush by this time, and she pulled me through! I tied napkins from a Halloween party from a few years ago around the pendants, and hung a Munchkin land sign, as you can see. I already had the red shiny fabric. I got the yellow fabric at DI for $2, and thought it would make a perfect, "yellow brick road!"
That was a few weeks ago, and since then, we've come up with a name (let me give a shout-out to Ryan, follower of this blog, for suggesting the title!), set up a blog, and are working on that in preparation for a launch in early December. If you'd like to stay up-tp-date on it's progress, read interesting linked articles, and know right away when the blog goes live, you can follow it's Facebook page:
We get the last 2 weeks of summer,
I always thought that mothers favoured sons. It seemed to me that sons were the golden boys, the boys who could do no wrong and the reason for the bright light in their mothers eyes. I was wrong and I didn't understand this until I had my own son. Mothers and sons have a unique relationship, it is not better nor is it lesser. It is not more special or less special than the bond between mothers and daughters, it is just different.
Later in his life as a revolutionary, Bolivar used part of the mineral income to help to finance the South American revolutionary wars although the British Empire was a prime contributor because of Britain’s interest in gaining access to the rich trade opportunities in the region. Some people claim that the Bolivar family grew to prominence before gaining great wealth. For example, the Cathedral of Caracas, founded in 1575, has a side chapel dedicated to Simón Bolívar’s family.
I run Market Harborough People and after a month I feel that is coming along nicely. After just one month the site has had just under 1300 unique visitors and over time I think this number will go up significantly as the locals find out the potential of what the site can do to promote issues and news in Market Harborough.
. Currently the software and drivers available for the following operating systems: Windows XP
That there have only been a few other times in her life when she felt this loved.
You think about your past, or your future,
Official Recipe: Broccoli and Cheese Braided Calzone
Close apps when you’re finished with them.
goes the unrelenting
It's pretty clear why the officers are here, too. I asked one in front of the Command Center about it the other day, and our conversation went sometime like this:
There is another problem with the Open-Access movement. It isn’t free to run a journal, even an online journal that dispenses with the cost of ink and paper. Editors, copyeditors, programmers, etc., all need to be paid. This raises the question of who is going to pay for open-access journals. Governments have provided a bit of funding for open-access scholarly publishing. For instance, the wonderful new open-access Journal of Historical Biography was funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC). For more details of SSHRC’s grant program for open access journals, see here.
"This can't be right," she protested aloud,
PET
“Textures” of Winter Citrus (L’orange Sanguine, Aloe Ice, Hibiscus Sorbet)
KARL AMADEUS HARTMANN
THE WIGGLES
the redemptive love
My subject today, my first one, was a little wary of my questioning at first, but once he understood the backgrounds of the project I had considerable difficulty getting him not to smile (which is one of the requirements of the project). It was a pity that he was in such a rush, we had little time to talk afterwards.
"not fans of SIBA…especially the Scottish branch. In fact we pretty much detest everything they stand for and their close-minded clique mentality"*BD also go on to make clear that they've joined mainly to get access to the Direct Delivery Scheme - which allows SIBA members to sell to some pubco outlets while preserving the pubco mark-up (and subject to pubco control).
Here is a video about the beer.
In the meanwhile bring 1 cup water to a boil. Add the chopped straberries. Let it cook for a while. Then add sugar. Bring the pot to simmer. Simmer it until the water reduces to ½ the cup. Switch off the flame and add the lemon zest. When the syrup is completely cooled, strain it through a fine sieve.
Scrap book paper in your favorite patterns (one 12"x12" sheet will yield you 4 envelopes)
forty minutes to keep rock commercial free yeah
Who would have thought it? I was certainly shocked. I suppose it's a little similar to way we can feel about children. They're all very lovely, but until you bake your own (sorry, I couldn't help myself) you don't fully appreciate them. And then you think that yours are simply divine, clearly better than anyone else's. Don't get me wrong, I love kids, but it's not until you have your own that you really understand that beautiful parent-child (baker-cupcake) connection. Well, I imagine this is the case, anyway. It certainly resonates with me and my newfound feelings towards cupcakes. But maybe we'll just leave it at that...
Oldest Living Lineage Of Ants Found In Amazon – “A new species of blind, subterranean, predatory ant discovered in the Amazon rainforest by University of Texas at Austin evolutionary biologist Christian Rabeling is likely a descendant of the very first ants to evolve . . . Ants evolved over 120 million years ago from wasp ancestors. They probably evolved quickly into many different lineages, with ants specializing to lives in the soil, leaf-litter or trees, or becoming generalists.”
- 1/8 to 1/4 cup vegetable puree per person
Experts have said the results are 'very encouraging' and were a 'paradigm' shift in treatment of the disease.
Growing up, yes. Tell myself just another day, yes. But do I want it to be just another day? No. I want it to be my day, I want to be around people who don’t even have to try to make it fun for me, them being there does it. I want to be around people who accept me for all that I am, the way I am, and it’s easy to be me around them too.
Happy Memorial Day, everyone! Hope you're all enjoying the first taste of the summer season. I'm truly honored to have the lovely Dina of Honey + Fitz at the helm today, sharing with us pretty summer seasonal inspiration.
And finally, a concert on the beach by a sweet new band – La Vie as a part of the end of the year party for Hand-Up, Hands-On, a non-profit job and entrepreneurship skills apprenticeship program that I have been working with on fundraising.
paint dinning room & furniture
Speaking of untrustworthy – once somebody/something breaks your trust, they’ll never get it completely back.
Have yourself a wonderful day.
or with them.
1360 **D-XI/5/2000. “Tocqueville on the Roads to Equality: Is It the Same No Matter How You Get There?” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Lodge, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 532-45.)
In Queensland and New South Wales the game is king – although the ‘fans’ are fickle, the crowds parochial and small and the game run by old men with too much self interest and not nearly enough forethought – and they are very protective of their patch. In Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia, Northern Territory and Tasmania the AFL rules. To the point where a parade of the Grand Final teams on the Friday before the game in Melbourne attracted over 100,000 people – that’s something like 5 times the number of fans who turned up to the NRL Preliminary final in Sydney the following night.
AdriN2001: I can't explain it
Straight Talk is offering several plans.
On the inside, I stamped "happy anniversary" although of course I forgot to take a photo of it. D'oh.
About 15 minutes later, the one hair stylist walked in saying that their client came back in asking if anyone found an envelope with money! I told her where it was and she happily returned it to the rightful owner, saying that I was the one who found it.
In the mystical moist night-air, and from time to time,
Great Divide Brewing Company Dunkel Weiss
The element they lived in: in his livery
Funny thing is – the girl who served me didn’t even raise an eyebrow which has got me thinking I must look like Brad. Obviously the wife is Angie’s doppleganger. Goes without saying.
"I really don't know why it is that all of us are so committed to the sea, except I think it's because in addition to the fact that the sea changes, and the light changes, and ships change, it's because we all came from the sea. And it is an interesting biological fact that all of us have, in our veins the exact same percentage of salt in our blood that exists in the ocean, and, therefore, we have salt in our blood, in our sweat, in our tears. We are tied to the ocean. And when we go back to the sea - whether it is to sail or to watch it - we are going back from whence we came." (9/14/62 Remarks in Newport, RI at a dinner for America's Cup Crews)
This is his first match and he made all of us proud. Way to go Rap!
So we planned to have dinner with some friends - our neighbours from upstairs and another couple of friends who live down the road, came over. It was a lovely evening - great conversation, excellent company, wine and music and a sit-down dinner to complete things.
The amount of water surprised me,
Another few weeks goes by and it gets increasingly awkward, so I finally ask him in my most casual voice what is going on. I get the story from him that he doesn't know, feels bad, wants to work it out, blah, blah, blah and I suggest that if there's anything going on with the FB girl then he should explore it, I don't want to hold him back. He said that he had no desire to and that's when I said what I didn't mean, and nobody wants to hear. I said "Well, I can go either way." Silence on the other end.
Driving up the River Road near Grafton, Illinois, to go to lunch with my kids and husband for Mother’s Day year before last, we saw miles and miles of daisies along the roadside – my favorite flower. They made me happy, like they are!
Put everything in a bowl, mix and mash just slightly and serve with your favorite tortilla chips.
when you came to live with us in '86, when you were dying of cancer, you helped mom and dad out numerous times financially. when you died, i believe you left a small amount of money. i was the happy recipient of your china, cookware, and items of furniture that lasted for years. you took the best care of everything you owned. i remember going to put on your favorite cardigan sweater, and finding a neatly folded tissue and a roll of certs........just like you had left them for me.
He tossed her the bag and she left. One the shorter men slapped her butt. She was about to object but kept walking. Andrew stared at her mirroring the same shock I felt. I wanted to save her, she didn’t deserve this. She was too innocent. But I didn’t come here for that, hopefully she’ll be free after I’m done.
Once everything is smooth and melted, let it cool for about 10 minutes and then add the marshmallows and pour it into a dish. Put it in the freezer for 1 hour to set, cut and serve (and devour!). Enjoy!
Everybody have a good one. Be good. And if you can't be good at least be safe!
Go hunting for some old cookbooks. I promise it will make your time in the kitchen more meaningful as you think about your ancestors and the old days.
How good were they? Damned good, but don't take my word for it: I took them to a Super Bowl party today, and two people asked me where I bought the sausage. Made it, I said. Wow, they said, it's great! Score!
Considering the consternation the war in Iraq has generated amongst virtually all Muslims, then perhaps any attack, any bomb, any act of violence, in any part of the world, can be construed as defensive. In fact they have been taken in such a way in literally thousands of cases.
That's one of the (many) problems with prologues. When you query with pages, start with chapter one, page one. Leave OUT the prologue.
I keep telling Jimmy that I want to be a gypsy. I want to wear long skirts and braid my hair and ride around in a horse drawn wagon playing on my guitar. Obviously that’s an extreme version, but its slowly more and more apparent that the more I get, the less I want. I can never turn down travel for work, a photoshoot, a hosting job, a blog article, a business meeting, a social appointment, for fear that I may miss something crucial further down the track. And so, it piles up, convincing me further that I like it this way (when maybe I don’t).
3:30 – 5 p.m., Kellogg Center, Centennial Room (One-hour talk with reception following)
Best of luck. Get celebrating!
It never fails. People will leave you alone, oftentimes perfectly content with the delusion that everything is indeed well with you. They have avoided the misfortune of discovering that they have a friend in need, and the burden or obligation to rush to assist, and you have avoided the discomfort of emotional exposure, and are now free to remain in your misery by yourself, consoling yourself that you did not unnecessarily inconvenience your friends with your personal problems.
Z -Zebu. It's a type of cattle which we have at our ranch. They are defined by the bump on their neck.
6) Rocket launches, Japan shoots it down.
I know a lot of people like to go out on Friday night, but I’d rather go out Saturday night and spend Friday night in my fake pants on my couch.
This book is pretty much what you’d expect from a novella. It’s a really short story that rushes along the romance and storyline. It kind of leaves the reader feeling unfulfilled by the end of the story. This book wasn’t any different.
Sounds easy?? Well for me its not!
The workshop theme is: COMING TOGETHER TO RESTORE CAPE COD COASTAL WATERS IN NEW WAYS
One teacher that I spoke to and asked about his thoughts on the vote of no confidence responded saying, “I ask myself a simple question: has my job gotten easier or harder while he has been the superintendent and have kids benefited or been harmed as a result of his policies and leadership?” Given that, according to this teacher, the answer to the former question was no and the latter was that students have been harmed, his choice in the upcoming vote became clear.
I participated in the Craftaholics Anonymous Handmade Gift Exchange this year again. It's so much fun to make someone a surprise gift and receive one in return! I had emailed my partner a few times back and forth before deciding what to make her.
I’ve mentioned several times how much Betsy and I like going to Mount Nebo in Arkansas. We always stay in a beautiful rustic cabin on the edge of the mountain where we can enjoy the fantastic views.
The only thing is, if I do get it, I’ll need to attend Fall 2012 as a full time student. This is another challenge for me. I’ve been on a two semester education leave due to my pregnancy and I had planned on starting Fall 2012 as a part time student. Well, I’m not going to over think things and just let God guide me.
I wish you all the very best this life has to offer,
The matter wasn't exactly resolved in the meeting (not that it could be, but nonetheless), and it left me thinking about the issue as I went home to the lady, with whom I had this exchange:
One can imagine that The Goog will not be too far behind…
The people who do have this disorder in the western world can develop strong psychological addictions to eating various Earthy substances and can crave rocks, mud or clay multiple times throughout the day. While searching for people who have written about their own experience with Geophagy I came across a forum where the writer mentioned that her addiction to eating rocks was more severe than her previous addiction to cigarettes (see the thread here). At first this person’s problem came across as a joke to me but there are dozens of replies from people who experience the same addiction and are seeking help for it.
26th April marks the 25th anniversary of Chernobyl. The incident at Reactor Number 4 was, and may well remain, the worst atomic accident the world has every seen.
Saturn is dark and cold and dim – therefore blacks, deep blues and purples.
Hello! On Friday I posted the first half of an open letter to Mike Pilavachi. You can read it here, it will give you the background to the second part which I am posting below. Enough of the necessary preamble, enjoy!
ready and able to fly at his bidding,
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2008 Black Apalachi (Fell 2nd), 2009 Black Apalachi (UR 22nd); 2010 Black Apalachi (2nd), Vic Venturi (UR 20th);
Nagashayana N, Sankarankutty P, Nampoothiri MR, Mohan PK, Mohanakumar KP.
And that, dear reader, is the challenge for 2012.
THE partner of a man murdered outside his home has been left "completely traumatised" after she watched the attack from a window. William McKeeney, 57, was attacked by two men in Melville Street, in the Pollokshields area of Glasgow, at around 12.40am on Sunday as he walked home from a night out.
and even though my lips don’t move
Then I saw the doctor himself. I like doctors, by the way. I like them a lot. I think one of the perfect spanking fantasies or role plays would be the doctor/patient one. Anyway, as I sat on the raised leather seat/table and he asked me questions about my eyes, I felt like fessing up right away and saying "I couldn't do the air blowing thing. I'm sorry..." But I stayed quiet.
3 — Genocide
It was like a morality lesson for young women: rape was punishment for bad behavior, ‘only bad girls get raped’. If you got raped you must have been ‘bad’. It was the boogey man that ‘kept us in line’ and working real hard at appearing to be ’good girls’.
The thread seems to more than anything else, detract from the real story. Unless he was trying to make a political statement of some sort, I don't see the point.
However, we just entered the doorway to a new cycle. Two new sunspots appeared on the sun’s disk last week, one (1045) described by SOHO as ‘awesome’ and ‘complex’ and the other (1046) – which just appeared around the edge – seems set to outdo its neighbor. Because of the Sun’s altered magnetic orientation in the new cycle, SOHO and THEMIS are expecting fireworks.
Although Amnesty International lists in its report a litany of “discriminatory experiences” faced by Muslims in Europe, it does not acknowledge that most European countries have granted their Muslims minorities a host of special privileges, all in the name of multiculturalism, and that Muslim values are increasingly influencing European public policymaking.
And, I can’t help but think I’m glad it did. For while life was happening, I was tucking the details away so later I could use them in a world of my own creation.
Matthew's class had a field trip out to LaFayette to the Children's Museum of Acadiana. It was just a regular children's museum - nothing specific to Acadia. And it was an expensive field trip. I wonder how families with tighter budgets than ours make this work.
His motivation in applying for the position was obvious. His wife already had relocated to a new job in our area, and he was still working hundreds of miles away.
12. Opposite Octave Reaction
Similarly, do you feel that traditional copyright laws may infringe on the creativity of artists who make use of a lot of samples?Have there ever been samples that you would have liked to use, but have been restricted from doing so?
For a few moments as the green cloud spawned from P's flatulence floated around and fell down upon me I soon realized that what I was smelling was the end result of my hairdresser's Mexican food binge. I mean, really, should a hairdresser really be eating Mexican food? No wonder there wasn't anyone here today.
51. Go antiquing
As people who struggle with eating disorders and/or abuse we are prone to judging ourselves often. I know for me i have stared in the mirror judging myself and pointing out the things i hate. I have sat and though about things i don’t like about myself. However in order to feel better , healthy, healed and recovered we need to start challenging the judgements we impose on ourselves.
No one can see our
If either Work is out of print and the Publisher receives from the Author a written request for a reversion of rights to such Work, the Publisher shall within four months of the Publisher's receipt of such request do one of the following: (i) announce that it will reissue an edition of such Work...(ii) enter a license providing for the publication in the United States of an edition of such Work...or (iii) revert in writing to the Author the rights to such Work granted to the Publisher in this Agreement...
I write the first draft in the notebook. I type out the second draft and edit it at the same time. 3rd draft-10,000th draft, I do just like anyone else on a computer. Most of my days are simply writing days with my notebook, but I usually dedicate one or two days a week for typing out pages. It helps out especially when I’m not feeling really creative, but still want to work on something.
My dear husband was at home with the kids these five days and trying to work and juggle schedules, etc. He was anxious for me to come home, so on Tuesday night at about 8:30, I left Provo for my trek home. It was late to be leaving, tired as I was, but I didn't want to stress D out any more than he was. As I was driving, my tears, held together most of the day, were bursting to come out. But to drive safely, I couldn't let them come.
Because that’s what you are:
We see this in Hebrews 10:19-22, where we are encouraged to come near to God in “the house of God” through the torn “veil” of the broken “flesh”, and through the shed blood, which is “sprinkled” (cp. 9:21) on our hearts, of Christ the “High Priest”. It is impossible to exclude the Eucharist from our interpretation of this passage, especially since this entrance into “the Holiest” is said to be a “new and living way”, while the Eucharist, which also happens in the house of God, the Church, is called the “new covenant”.
The point is... no. There are so many points here that I don't even know where to start. Were you bullied intensely as a child, so you think this kind of thing is normal and acceptable? Weren't you raised right? Weren't you ever told "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all?" Have you really become so callous from our society that you don't think there's anything wrong with making someone feel worse than dirt?
On another "pink" note, the on-line auction for the Pink Wishbone Project started yesterday... you have until October 28th to make a bid on one of these fabulous, one-of-a-kind chairs.
The hook is loose. Do you see how it comes off that little protruding doohickey on the left? I don't have the correct screwdriver for this so I'll have to pick one up later today if possible.
your eyes are telling me
We’ll run wild oh
Lastly fold in berries.
Dies
I also punched some leaves from the Bird Builder punch in greens and flowers with the 4 sided flower from the Itty bitty punches set in regal rose and melon mambo. I took a large flower from the Boho blossoms punche out in the middle and put a dimensional in the center. Use the scorer with the ball end to push down on the flowers on a mousepad to create some dimension and squish them in and put some more around the edges with tombow multimono liquid glue to set some more around the edges to create a round mound of flowers. Set smallest pearls in the center of every flower. I love this die so much~ my kids better have some girl grandbabies some day who I hope will love this stuff that I keep accumulating!
6) baked at 180c for abt 15 mins or tart turn golden brown
"Honey!!! Tirhan niyo naman ako ng lalaki. Ikaw at yang kaibigan mong si Arlan! (Please leave some guys for me. You and your friend Arlan!)" V implored.
CTMH Ink- Cranberry
It doesn’t go into important questions about raising children on your own, or separation within the family, or bereavement. These topics are too big and too specific for this kind of booklet, even though some of the ideas here should be helpful for people in these situations.
5. Share the author and title, too, so other TT participants can add it to their TBR lists if they like your teaser.
We're thinking we might have a whole week dedicated to
Something happens when we start praying for other people. Once we catch the glimpse of another person through the eyes of God, our attitude toward them changes. We are being tinged by His grace to treat them well and find ways to help them. As we experience His grace, we can’t help but share it with others.
I have a "fun money" account and for the past couple of years I've been setting aside my birthday and holiday money with the intention of buying something fun and frivolous. I've been toying with the idea of getting an e-reader. Do I need an e-reader? No, absolutely not. I have hundreds of books sitting on my shelves, waiting to be read/reread, not to mention the easy access I have to thousands of library books at library branches all across the county. But again, the money is for something fun and frivolous, which to me, an e-reader is.
They find an apartment where one of the murders took place, and the layout matches Helen's place, right down to the hole behind the medicine cabinet. Helen snaps a few pics of the other apartment behind the cabinet, then decides to crawl through and explore. Frustrated, Bernadette just sits down to wait for Helen's return.
No...it has bars, just like the hotel entrance. Just no glass.
Having heard that publishing something to Apple's iBookstore was more complicated, I started the process weeks before Amazon. I filled out the necessary forms on line. Then I waited.
What we can judge however is the institution. The institution of Mormonism is a different gospel than what Jesus Christ taught. (2 Corinthians 11:4) As believers in Jesus Christ it is our duty to seek the truth, and to know who Jesus is, and what he taught. (Luke 12:31, Matthew 6:33, Psalms 105:4,) These are instructions from Jesus himself.
My previous theories about this have been too intellectual. I have hypothesized that they have a deeper psychological understanding of human motivation. But I've never really been happy with this explanation. It seems very much like a tautology.
Also, even if you have been cycling since age 5 and can compete in timed half-centuries in your sleep, consider downplaying your prowess and adapting a "leisure cycle" mode. Don't kit up. If you have an old beater bike, ride that when you are together instead of your super-fast roadbike. I would even go so far as to suggest buying an old vintage upright-ish bike for yourself, to match the level of the bike your spouse will be riding. This will even out the playing field between the two of you and will make you less intimidating.
And yet, many of those emotional needs are only listed as "mild," which in translation means the kids are just ordinary teenagers who are more than a little shaken up over having been in a bad home--with deadbeat parents--and are now in a foster home and wondering why nobody loves them.
Kanika studied African history at California State University, Sacramento. She also took a pottery class at CSUS from artist Ruth Rippon. "Pottery was really making cups and bowls and plates, but I wasn't doing that. I was doing this," she said, holding up an African-style mask. "I was trying to do this on the sly."
Of course it slipped into my bag perfectly and I reviewed everything I had done while flying home on the plane.
Towards the end of my holiday I attended a San Francisco 49ers game at Candlestick Park. It was definitely one of the highlights of my visit.
Again, that is precisely the reason government tends to grow in good times and bad and is one reason why anti-tax folks would like to minimize government and overhead.
and younger will now be based on their work record not their husbands – but your husband should also be able to put away money for your retirement years tax free if you choose to work at home (children, home, elder relatives care, etc.).
while at the same time, viewing this woman, one of the heros of my world........
02: Set It Off - 4:31
Household
Weekends, however... THAT is our time for pasta, homemade pizza, and beef heavy meals, (THAT will be a whole other post!) But I will admit, as much as I LOVE that stuff, it never leaves me feeling...VIBRANT. More like,"Oh, my JEEZUS that was NUMMY!!!! That shit was SO.........zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz."
It's time. I have been walking a journey in my own quiet way for over seven months now. I'm ready to start sharing some parts of it. For this piece, I had wanted to wait until I hit a certain personal goal before I shared, but after some months of set-backs, I thought perhaps I should post and perhaps that would bring me some more... I don't know... accountability? Support? Both? Something else?
We were going to find out the sex but D couldn't come to the scan so I asked the sonographer to take a picture or write it down and put it in an envelope so we could open it later that evening.
But within the structure of this fractured family........
The right panel houses the gorgeous Kanban woodpecker decoupage that sparked off the whole idea for this card. Other diecuts from the sheet (binoculars, notebook) were tucked into the "book page" edges for added decoration, and some stamping added to the edges.
Even if I didn't pick up.
So, we are having one tomorrow.
9 a.m.– Welcome
As I followed my mother around the grocery store on Saturday, complaining about how I don't have enough sweaters and generally acting like a spoiled brat, we came across a sale rack full of sweaters. I am making a point to be a brat more often now.
This week, my "teacher think" allowed me to appreciate the preparation that went into the lesson in our Mandarin Parents & Tots class at Language Stars*. Time spent watching another teacher is always enlightening. I enjoy reflecting on how she/he teaches, on what I can take from the lesson, and on how I might use his/her strategies as a jumping off point to improve my own teaching. It's kind of neat to be on the "let's-just-sit-and-watch-the-lesson" side of things for a change, taking a "breather" so to speak, using the time to mentally improve my own teaching (and my Mandarin, too, hopefully!). So, when the teacher pulled out the play fruit and a cash register that had buttons to push AND made noise, I saw my son's face and knew it was going to be a good lesson!
No, every so-called genius is a craftsman first. They learn the basics. They study them, copy them until they are implicit. So that, when it’s time to create for themselves, they know and understand their influences.
Different things stand out on different days, but all of it is so good and so true.
A fellow WordPress blogger (Spagate) shared this neat idea to help motivate her to exercise. She created an exercise jar, and paid herself when she engaged in a good workout. Although she had seen the idea elsewhere suggesting putting $1.00 in the jar for each exercise session, she puts in a quarter for each 15 minutes, stating that “not every workout is worth the same!”
So now it is 2012, I moved back to Illinois from Virginia. A job was promised to me but would find out the company lied and will not answer calls or emails.
And, I can not tell you how happy I am with my new Sajou Petits Monstres, little monsters, after a year of having to rely on my ginormous kitchen shears and fingernail clippers to snip thread...
Add ground beef mixture, beef stock, tomato sauce, and tomato paste. Cover and cook over medium-low heat for 15 minutes.
Not just that, since he is in choo-choo train fever, he even digged out a choo-choo train storybook from his bookshelf to accompany the toy train. This photo was taken in the car when he insisted to bring the choo-choo train book while going to the babysitter's house. ^_^
“A woman should wear perfume wherever she wants to be kissed.”
*Based on my risk factors, it's actually a very safe choice for me.
So, Blogging. Kate Theimer knows a bit about blogging, so she’s an appropriate author for this Thing. I find her introductory remarks about the uses of blogging to be very helpful, in particular her discussion of what a blog can be good for and why the 23 things start off here. (I and my trail of dead or dying blogs particularly appreciate the bit about “Blogging is very easy to begin, but not so easy to continue”.) I am a little disappointed to not see discussion specifically of what a blog can do for Archives and Archivists in particular, but I assume we’ll get to it– this is pretty much the very basic stuff at this point. (The resources links at the bottom do include specific archival applications, so that’s a nice touch.)
And look around
The patent process is a lengthy and expensive one. For a small inventor, it is frequently necessary to raise funds to even enter the process. In this atmosphere, where the inventor has no protection prior to filing at all, how do you go about doing that? You can’t reveal your invention because whoever you show it to can simply cut you out, rip off your idea and file on their own, soon to be all perfectly legal.
1/2 tsp. cream of tarter
The court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether the women who dance at Club Orleans are employees of the business.
Her unleashed hurt shot through his chest.
I see you tomorrow with a Magnolia card!
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a large skillet over med-high heat, combine sausage, chicken, Cajun seasoning and sage. Cook until chicken and sausage is no longer pink. Remove meat from skillet using slotted spoon and set aside. Saute onion, celery, bell pepper and garlic until tender. Remove from heat and sstir in cooked meat and one container Alfredo sauce.
Lotus didn’t run during the worst of the weather on day one of the testing, Technical Director James Allison said: “We had a busy programme lined up for Jerome including a fair amount of aerodynamic work, sensor measurement work and of course preparing foundations for Romain over the next two days.
With a load off my chest, I walked about MBS a little before heading back to office. I’ve not seen the mega casino-hotel upclose on a weekday afternoon and I must say it looks better on the inside than outside.
“How can a man once grown old be born again?
you knew how to save money! you knew how to not only survive, but THRIVE in hard times! you would look at today's circumstances and tell me to 'buck up' politely. 'you have so much more than i did' you'd say. you'd remind me how you left school in 8th grade to start cleaning rich people's houses, just to make ends meet at home.
With regard to the cover, I see that the book is to be published soon by 'Busted Flush' in the United States and that they have gone for an altogether different piece of artwork. I hope that in the same way that they've improved the way it looks, they'll give it a thorough proof-read and correct some of the mistakes. It's a small gripe, I know, but there are a large handful of errors in the production that should have been ironed out by someone at Max Crime. It shouldn't put anyone off buying their copy, but there are a few breaks in the author's fine flow that didn't need to be there.
Tools: Spellbinders- classic oval petite large + scallop
July ~ Wort, Hay or Buck Moon
It centred around the story of five orphans (aged from 18 down to 6 years of age) trying to survive in 1876 as a family on the frontier in the area around what is now Grand Teton National Park near Jackson, Wyoming, after their father and mother had drowned.
And you wish you were the best
“This is an outright lie. Nowhere, and at no time has the President held any particular group responsible for the attack. Additionally, neither the Nigerian security services nor the Nigerian government have confirmed those behind the attacks”.
"This is great news for Falkirk and great news for Scottish Labour”.
I gave them a call and booked an introductory session for myself and my sister for next week. If they were horrified when I gave my date of birth, they very tactfully did not show it – but I bet they’re drawing lots on who gets the short straw on that one!
Glad to see all these upstanding folks able to work so well together, too bad that Rezko doesn’t want to serve time, and holds quite a bit of information about the Chicago Political Establishment that may be interesting to the Feds.
The Christian life is lived in the context of mystical union with Christ. This union finds its initial origin in eternity. Our salvation is from the foundation of the world, resting in the grace of God’s sovereign election. Paul indicates this in Ephesians 1:3-6.
I wonder if AA takes reservations?
Using your sharp crochet hook, sc across. I didn't count my stitches or make them even...I just eye balled it. You aren't really going to be able to tell but if you are OCD about being even then you will need to sc in multiples of 3 plus 1 for the base row. Like I said, I didn't count and you can't tell because when it's buttoned you can't see the last stitch.
The question is, why?
Intellectual cowardice is reinforced by a set of circumstances whereby even if alternative accounts questioning the official line are exhaustively researched and documented with credible information and sources, mobilization of the “conspiracy theory” label by state censors and their journalistic accomplices will render the counter-arguments suspect. And, in an on-the-go culture where citizens are heavily reliant for information on headlines and sound-bites versus deliberate analysis, such lines of reasoning are destined for the memory hole.” – Prof. James F. Tracy, “State Propaganda, Historical Revisionism, and Perpetuation of the 9/11 Myth.”
Last week, I posted the list of 1940's Films I came up with that I aspired to watch. I knew I would not be able to watch them all, so I asked for recommendations from readers about which films I should make it a point not to miss. Here are the results! What I will end up doing is making most of the films with votes a priority, with an additional few that received no votes. There are a few of these that are hard to get ahold of, and this may be an additional factor as to what gets seen.
If you don't do this way, your vegetables and chicken meat will be very dry.
is the major manufacturer of MSG
"Well, what I mean is that everything dies, everything breaks apart. Then it comes together again. And this stuff can be anything when it comes together again. It's strange enough that it becomes a living thing at all. Even stranger still that it becomes you, or it becomes me. What are the chances of that?"
Marcus Keeley
Non too quick and all the more slow, we dancers unite while staying as stone-d to deftness.
That’s where Aunt Bertha comes in. Using information the team learns about various programs, Aunt Bertha matches people with public services available locally or federally, based on their specific needs.
Price: $200
One January, in 2010, I was looking at some writers’ websites, surfing and browsing, and letting the double-click take me where it willed. I had become a little more au fait with the internet and even gone as far as setting up a Facebook and Twitter account, which I had yet to do much with, when I stumbled by pure chance on something called the Scattered Authors’ Society, the SAS. It took me a while to find out what it was. Every time I put SAS into the search engine, you can guess what came up. I knew it wasn’t any of the offerings Google presented me with but a very different elite, crack group. I persevered. I found their entry on page five of my Google search.
But then Bucephalas turned up, and the silly boy decided he’d rather ride a battle-scarred old warhorse than a handsome parade horse like me. Of course Bucephalas made himself huge and pranced about like an overgrown colt, which went to Alexander’s head. Pretty soon all his friends started talking about war, and before I knew it I was part of the Royal Guard with Perdiccas riding on my cloth armed with a nasty sharp spear.
TOP 10 MOST POPULAR PLAYER JERSEYS:
For BookBaby a manuscript can be uploaded in pdf, which is good as you do not have to worry about making sure all the formatting codes in the manuscript are correct.
I hope that this has been helpful. Remember that all the information above is up-to-date as of 5/5/2011. But things here seem to be able change often -- especially price increases.
I wanted to say, “Technicality, Mom dearest. You birthed one and adopted two…….. I win.” Actually, I would have counted my sister as six children, because she had temper tantrums that rivaled small countries at war. I should have counted as at least three children because I was hyper. Hence, the “Cricket” moniker. David was mellow, so mellow I really think his biological father was Tommy Chong from the comedy duo, Cheech and Chong. Hell, maybe my mom sedated us all and it only worked on David.
Shazam
I managed to open the door slightly and tried to manouevre my right leg out through the space, but I've had a knee replacement and my leg only bends to 90 degrees. At this stage, I got cramp in my right thigh. Eventually, after considerable excrutiation, I managed to get that leg back into the car and realized I'd have to manouevre my bum out of the bucket seat and push it way over to the left into the passenger seat so I could get then straighten both legs on the driver's seat, lean backwards and push them both out together through the narrow gap, hoping the body would then follow naturally, limbo-style.
Like any sane (or should it be insane?) knitter would do...I cast on for a pair of vanilla socks in the yarn. Sad, but true. Who could blame me? I even had to go to the DENTIST yesterday morning! I wasn't going to bring a project I had to think while knitting! I do promise that NEXT FRIDAY I will have my Rhombi cardigan finished. Really this time!
So you think they are buying time. But for what?
The pup that got away, Dante took a little time to adjust to life here but he's doing well now. He would shake whenever The Man tried to pet him. Once he got used to him though he was find. I think we're going to try to take them to the dog park tomorrow.
I have really enjoyed posting this month on the theme The Making and Selling of Books, because I am so passionate about the topic.
This Burns My Heart by Samuel Park
Due to the fact that – because
Top 5 Situations When Emergency Locksmith Help is Necessary
Dream based uplifting indie pop to make you fall in love. Like a musical Cupid’s arrow. Get yourself a sun lounger and an ice cold strawberry daiquiri and enjoy this slice of summer.
- Excerpt from The Great Gatsby
Auntie MA
I use this to try to get me in the habit of walking a little briskly during my walk intervals. I can lollygag on the trail, I have to think about walking faster as my tendency is to go to stroll mode. On the treadmill, I usually set my walks at between 14 an 15mph....the slower is definitely very comfortable for me and my go to when I get really out of breath. This brings me to my run intervals....I make a game of it. I start out slow - and work up. I an an interval runner - run a little walk a little and here is a typical workout for me on the treadmill .....when it gets fast I either keep up or fall off (hey its only a minute) oh and "mph=miles per hour". I do my intervals so every minute after the IPOD Interval Runner App tells me to either walk or run, I manually set the speed every minute, which the machine I use makes it super easy.
So what I have come to realize even more so after these two weeks is that I am content in Jesus because in all things he is enough.
His story is one that has become the stuff of 21st-century digital lore. Crazy old guy posts videos of himself online, professes undying love for adorkable Japanese technopop group, audiences are simultaneously weirded out and fascinated, and an Internette Legend is born.
She would also like to know where her pursuers are. She wishes that she would be able to use one of her psionic abilities to detect them, but she isn’t powerful enough to do so. They are too far away. Not even Crow would be able to detect them psionically. It’s just how psionic abilities work. Entertainment venues such as movies, television, and comics have glorified psionics, making them out to be more powerful than they really are. Reality is a different story, even though Shannon wishes otherwise right about now.
According to the AP article, reported cases of measles (a disease that was at one time essentially eradicated in the U.S.) in Minnesota have been at zero to one per year for the past decade. This year, fourteen cases have been reported since February.
In my dream, when I finally was able to talk to him after those 5 days.
This is significant because it was research suggesting this premise to be a valid one that led the Labour government to introduce the regulation limiting the maximum class size for infants to 30 in 1998.
PETER DELUISE (Rescue Me)
A man sat at a metro station in Washington DC and started to play the violin; it was a cold January morning. He played six Bach pieces for about 45 minutes. During that time, since it was rush hour, it was calculated that thousands of people went through the station, most of them on their way to work.
So easy a kid could do it!
Special hostesses called waiter girls worked the halls, socializing with the men and generally encouraging the purchase of more drinks. In addition to their own beverages, the men would buy drinks for the ladies, who wisely only pretended to imbibe them. Waiter girls wore distinctive short dresses and high boots, smoked cigars, and offered to sit in your lap. They were a cross between a hostess and a waitress, but many doubled as performers in the variety show and/or your “date” for the evening back at the hotel.
I want to thank you for being part of my life. I want to say thank you for protecting me from harm and trying your best to raise me well. I look up to you in every way. You are the "the wind beneath my wings". You taught me that no mountain is ever too high, that if I try my hardest everything is just within my reach.
and here we are, singing along, word-for-word to a preschool rock band.
So... yes, our choices are limited when it comes to voting for a candidate. However, there are tons of issues on the ballot that need to be voted for or against as well! So often we overlook the propositions for tax changes, library funding, job creation, even street construction because we're so focused on choosing between a Giant Douche and a Turd Sandwich...
The project aims to build three hospitals with a capacity of 300 beds each and with land area of 50,000 square meters for two and 36,000 square meters for the third. These hospitals will provide integrated medical services even dispensing of some drugs. This will cost 130 KD in the first two years, 150 KD for the third and forth, 170 KD for the fifth and sixth, 180 KD for the seventh and eighth, and 190 KD for the ninth and tenth. This proves that this project is a financial failure for Kuwait as those few centers will not be able to provide 1.5 million people with good health services
Repeatedly.
It also does not explicitly explain every shit like why the first sight they saw in the milky-way is a cross. The reason behind it is because in the milky-way, there is like this stars that form a bird that spread out its wing in a cross-shaped. Without any astronomy knowledge, you wouldn’t know that but if you just take it with surface value without knowing the symbolism behind it, it’s still a very beautiful and introspecting image that strengthen the mystique of the show. Not to mention, the last sight they saw is also a cross so everything wrapped up nicely even if you don’t understand the meaning behind the first cross.
Sources for CAFR info:
Robert Newton & Cyril Cusack
Emerson: Sort of.
Treat it well and you will shine.
If you want to add some extra protein to your smoothie, mix in a scoop of protein powder and its a great post workout snack. I prefer to mix the milk, OJ and powder by itself before adding the fruit because I think it gets rid of the grittiness that can sometimes result from adding protein powder to things.
This movie came and went without much comment. It was largely disliked by critics. But you know… I liked it. It wasn’t anything brilliant, and it wasn’t breaking new ground, exactly, but it was a very likeable movie, about a quirky subject (bird watching… which itself is a term disliked by that community), featuring several big name, likeable stars who do largely likeable things. It’s a pleasant movie that I would watch again if it were on cable, and if I see it on Netflix on a Saturday night with the Tofu Muchacha, I’m going to push for it… because otherwise lord knows what nonsense I’ll end up watching.
Undoubtedly, the most vivid institutional effort to achieve global reform that reflects the world we now live in rather than the one that existed at the end of World War II when most of the non-West was formally or informally operating under Western surveillance and control, has been the endlessly frustrating struggle to broaden and reconstitute the membership in the UN Security Council. It is scandalously anachronistic that the United Kingdom and France, at best secondary countries in the present global hierarchy, both hold permanent seats in the Security Council and enjoy a veto right, while countries such as Brazil, India, Nigeria, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Turkey must compete for the nine seats with two-year terms that are shared with the other 189 members of the UN. It is not only a problem of representation for important states, but also the fact that there is no Muslim or Hindu majority state that is permanently represented in the supposedly global body. At least with the UN there is an excuse that the Charter makes amendments almost impossible, prescribing that there must be total acquiescence in any change in the composition of the Security Council by all five of its permanent members, as well as two-thirds of the overall membership. I suppose it is far too much to expect that France and the UK would accept a single rotating European permanent seat, and relinquish their dysfunctional separate membership on the Council. In the meantime, the UN System is largely frozen in time, and the world is deprived of a more legitimate and effective global problem-solving capability that is desperately needed at this time.
Yesterday was Easter….
After the appointment, I called my mother and told her how it went. I hadn't told her about the two issues.
That you were in a better place.
Get over it!
He doesn't directly answer her one essential question, which is: Do you think businesses should be allowed to not serve black people? Instead, he uses lots and lots of words, says he thinks racism is abhorent, that he would never support anything or anyone who is, but that, in the end, yes, the part of the civil rights law that allows black people to eat at countertops with white people is government intrusion into business.
I wanted to use this yummy paper that I got from my Secret Sister. She also gave me another Pure Innocence stamp to use but I liked the paper so much that I wanted to paper piece. Her image was darling but had no opportunities to piece.
... to already be stressed about the amount of work school is about to require for this next month.
She said she wants to question the owner “to find out what’s going on.”
Limit my time on Pinterest.
The season of Lent is upon us! Well, almost. For our Eastern Orthodox friends, Lent begins today, but for the Western church, it will begin with Ash Wednesday - this Wednesday!
When it comes to the laws of attraction, there are no rules The battle between the sexes is about to make these two lawyers hot under the collar. Opposites collide when two lawyers try to make partner at the same firm. Payton Kendall is a feminist to the bone. Cocky J.D. Jameson was born privileged. But when they?re asked to join forces on a major case, they gain a newfound awareness of each other?s personal assets. The partnership spot will be offered to only one of them, though. The competition heats up. Sparks
To help the flowers grow.
I feel like "my look" is "my look" and I just adjust the shoes a bit to glam it up for nighttime.
How about you? Movie moments?
“I know what he’s doing.” Addison was speaking through her thick tears, her voice taking on a more whiney tone because she was feeling more comfortable and safe in Darien’s arms. “He’s sleeping with those girls. He doesn’t miss me at all.”
3. Opt for faith over religion.
For 1972's Intensity, Charles Earland's fifth of ten Prestige discs, the Mighty Burner seemed to be aiming toward something a little different than his usual collection of soulful tenor-organ jams. The presence of two songs from the rock group Chicago and a small trumpet-dominated horn section indicate that jazz-rock was the goal. The result, the LP's four original tracks plus two tracks from the same date originally released as part of Charles III, is one of his very best.
But, you must not hate your body either. You must take care of your body, so that you may live long on the earth for the Lord.
I will say my life, thrives on pain;
Having so many irons in the fire prohibits Peri from having a blog to visit, so please feel free to use the comment section here for any questions or accolades that you wish to express. I'll certainly keep you posted on this ongoing project and once again, I say thanks to Peri for choosing me as her subject for this lovely fiber art portrait.
Snuff, too, would fall into this category, but with some minor differences. First, because it is not so disgusting, it would not have the same negative connotations as “chew.” (Activities can be sub-rational without being bad.) Second, snuff taken through the nose would fall under a different category. Everything else we have seen involves the mouth, and this is only natural, for the mouth was made to receive things into itself. But to sniff something up one’s nose . . . this is unnatural.
A scream in an empty store can pierce your eardrum. This was the banshee screech from a woman who ran up the stairs at Century 21. “A plane hit the World Trade Center,” I was told by a clerk who just shrugged. I left immediately, looking up just once from St. Paul's cemetery as I made quick passage to my office building.
would have given an exception to all employers
For infantry, I´ll put mainly a figure per 20×20 space. This means I´ll put one figure in a 20×20 base and two in a 40×20 base. Easy, right?
One of the interesting aspects of early recovery from alcoholism is that the alcoholic can either be on a “pink cloud” where life is just wonderful (it doesn’t last, reality sets in) or the alternative where life is dark and horrible with a very bleak future (I will never love, laugh or have fun ever again). The thought of life without alcohol is almost too much to comprehend. Therefore, the very reason most recovering alcoholics “live one day at a time” is that almost anyone can handle 24 hours without a drink.
As a small aside, in the mid-twentieth century Clement Greenberg helped articulate the theory of medium specificity which is all about syntactic art. Greenberg believed that art cannot truthfully relate anything other than an exploration of the medium it has been made with. This caused films such as Andy Warhol’s Empire, 1964, which is an 8 hour recording of the Empire State Building. Time is specific to the medium of film, which makes this a prime example of syntactic art. A prime example of semantic art would be any landscape or still life or portrait – anything that represents reality.
What's not to love about Paris? At 8.30pm there are people milling about everywhere; tourists having their photos taken in front of the glass pyramid at Le Louvre to locals and tourists eating at over-priced cafes. All the patrons waiting for their performance to start outside the Comedie Francaise were dressed in black and white. What was with that? Looked fabulous.
If they're not filtered out, hops will often cloud a beer, and so it was promising to find a murky golden-orange beer pour from the bottle. I expect the beer has some aroma at warmer temperatures, but I could detect but a hint of citrus in my refrigerator-temperature bottle.
Those get lost and people can’t find you again. A quick pitch in the blog comments is OK with me—as long as it’s on-topic—but be careful because not all bloggers feel the same way. To me it shows you read the blog and engage with other readers, so a dynamite (short) comment pitch might get a request for more info.
His name (pronounced and spelled as you'd expect) is...
Thanks so much for reading!
"Who cares?" he said.
Then I played my ace in the hole. There was one time when I was a kid when I woke up burning up with fever from the pox. But the disease wasn’t the worst part. In my feverish sleep, I’d been having a nightmare – one of those awful, vivid dreams you wake up from and you’re still not sure if it was a dream, or real, or if you’ve really woken from it or if anything around you is real. You know the ones? Those dreams you have as a little kid where even when you wake up you’re still scared the dream will come get you? Yeah. One of those. I had woken up, and my mother came in and sat with me, and we stayed up most of the night talking about the nightmare I’d had and the nightmare we were living and everything else in between that we could think of.
Much love, my Carnies, and looking forward to bringing back our regular programming.
“Wrong. That was my clone, remember? He was the one building laser and death-bots, while I was the one trying to learn more about you people so I could use your powers to benefit the common man. Just check any of my reports to the board at RP Industries.”
I asked if it was O.K. if I printed it out and shared a copy of it with her therapist, and not only did she say “YES”…she asked for her very own copy. WOW!
So back to the point of this post. We have three copies of Fabulous Mr Fox. We have decided the keep the library copy in his school bag. He might get a chance to read it at school. He has taken charge of his beautiful gift copy and I have his crusty ol' trash and treasure copy. And every morning and every afternoon we are reading a little bit together. I am reading from my copy ... really slowly ... and he is following the words in his copy with his finger. No pressure on him to have to read. He can just follow and enjoy the experience. The lovely thing about this is that he wants to read it. He is coming to me asking if we can please read Mr Fox. Absolutely we can ...
"I wanna see Megan on the puter" (we just skyped with our friend in the Dominican Republic)
So Gabriel is really learning how to pull the strings and push the right buttons. When I scold him, he gets all sad and walks over to me and gives me the kiss face--the kid knows I'm a sucker for kisses. Tricky, tricky, Gabe!! He also knows I'm always down for a snuggle. I started noticing that he would cling to me and get all snuggly when we would leave a place and go to put him in his car seat. What a punk!! He doesn't want to get in the car (because who knows how long he'll be stuck in his (albeit awesome) car seat?) so he wraps his arms around me, lays his head on my chest and gets the most adorable look on his face. Man, he is goooood.... (and mom's a SUCKER!!)
Trust me. I’ve brought the topic up about, oh, a million times over the course of the past few months with different groups of women. Generally, this is what I get:
“Ted Baillieu is not just a ‘do nothing’ Premier, he is taking Victoria backwards at a rate of knots.”
I'm not really complaining **cough ... bullsh*t**. I'm just busy. So if you don't hear from me in the next few weeks ... here's what I'm doing:
Hooray for life that offers textured trees and the expression of the artist's eye!
I wrote last month that I had asked Dr Whipsnade to invite Paul McCartney to spend some time with my clan in the Congo. I thought that a relaxing sojourn apart from Lady McCartney would refresh Sir Paul’s creative juices and calm his frayed nerves. Little did I expect that my well-intentioned suggestion would have such far-reaching consequences. In all innocence, I had no idea how strained things had become between Paul and Heather. In mitigation, I should point out that Dr Whipsnade went beyond his remit when he visited the McCartney residence. He has since briefed me on the events of that fateful afternoon.
It all comes back to this one thing... I am too picky. If a guy doesn't come close enough to my preferences for intellectual/emotional capacity or isn't exactly physically gifted then there's almost nothing that can be done. This is annoying because I am fully aware that nobody is perfect and I am far from it.
A. “I’m sorry to hear that it took so long, I hope it’s all fixed now.”
Iron Man
All the new entrants have the 4×4 style, adequate – not MPV – versatility in the dimensions of a Ford Focus. This makes them strong contenders as cars to suit people’s lifestyles.
Kegged: 11-03-2006 (w/ 2 oz. Saaz leaf)
systems are smaller, lighter, and (generally) more powerful than a
This beer has had a bit of a story to tell before it ever made it to Christmas.
It's going take some effort to figure out the balance between my old life and my new one, especially since someone forgot to give me that whole working mother manual when I left the hospital. Or maybe I never figure it out at all. Maybe the best I can do is to learn to accept the compromises a little better. To acknowledge that, as so many of you pointed out, you miss some stuff, but you're there for some other stuff. Or as my mother pointed out, that she'll have plenty of other things to hate me for in fifteen years, but traveling for three days in April will just not be one of them.
For the past two to three weeks, I’ve pretty much been bumming around. I’ve been looking for jobs on Craigslist, but it’s hard to apply for a job when I can’t picture myself working on particular job. An administrative position does seem sort of boring after working my last job; too much sensitive information and paperwork. So I’m not sure if I’ll be going back to that again. But I’m thinking of going back to Walgreens if I can. I applied online to two stores. One store is a 24 hour store, and another is opening next month. I called the 24 hour store today, and the person who answered said they might be hiring soon, which is promising. I’m praying that the shifts won’t be overnight shifts. Maybe I’ll work those, but I really hope it won’t be the case. For the new store, if I remember correctly how it goes, they transfer people from the other stores. I don’t know why Walgreens’ application has a second part of the application that’s in-store. It seems like a really odd conversation to have with the manager of a store. “Hey… I filled out a Walgreens job application, can I use you computer to finish the second half?” … Okay. Maybe the conversation is less weird when I write it out.
-Maria
Gack.
Father’s approaching him
And does anyone else out there have a writing mascot they would be prepared to share?
Observation: I don’t know how many times I have read this part of the Gospel and just glossed over the fact that Jesus is modeling for us how to act in the will of the Father. We know that Jesus is God, so the fact that he could or couldn’t do anything on his own is debatable. However, if we are truly trying to do the will of the Father because he is the one who sent us, why do we always try to do things on our own? I guess I should just be speaking for myself, but phrases like, “God helps those, who help themselves” and other such rubbish come to mind. The truth is, God will only be able to help me grow spiritually closer to Him, if I stop helping myself to whatever pleasure or fleshly desire I want.
Besides the delicious recipes, perhaps one of the coolest features of the book is the Cooking Times List that lists every recipe according to how long it takes in the slow-cooker. You can flip back there and choose a recipe based on how much time you have. How cool is that? Got 3 hours? Make the Cheese-y Mac. How about 10 hours? Spiced Sweet Potato Satay is the way to go.
So the judges unceremoniously gave Gavin the boot, and Urkel lives to dance another week.
Hugs, love and tons of smiles this weekend!!
Do you have any idea how many Christmas songs Bing recorded? It was so many that this is a 4 CD set! I researched and think I found every one of them. We ALL know and love Bing's great crooning voice. How much better could Christmas music be than when he is singing it?! This set is unique with so many tracks that are difficult to find or totally not available elsewhere.
Congratulations to Tiffany and Mary and thank you to everyone who participated! I enjoyed learning more about you ladies and about your hopes for this new year. I will be in touch with the winners for addresses and such. I hope you all have a nice weekend!
I am sure that Sycamore View is not the only church to use that word in their bulletins or announcements. The reason churches use that word is not to deliberately defile the church. It is used out of ignorance in an attempt to be popular and hip to appeal to a wicked generation that no longer loves what is good but prefers what is evil. That mindset in and of itself is a sin. The church is not meant to be politically correct or popular with the world, nor is it meant to give man glory. Giving “Kudos!” or praise to people in church for their accomplishments is giving man glory. The church is meant to glorify the God of heaven and earth who sent his only begotten son to die for the sins of all mankind whose name was Jesus of Nazareth.
Now before I show you the final result, I need to recover the seat cushion. I'm loving all things ikat right now, due in no small part to all the irresistible eye candy Louise has gathered over at Table Tonic. So many lovelies to choose from, and by sticking with white I can change the cushions whenever I like for a whole new look. Take a peek:
It may look simple, but there were actually a lot of consideration going on to make this cake happens. Since this is my first time making an ice cream cake, I wouldn't know if the ice cream would be able to stand on it's own if I put it around the cake, would it melt under California heat, how do I decorate ice cream cake? The last question might be the most challenging one, I am so used to use fruits to decorate cakes, especially in the summer but I don't want the cake to be frozen if I decorate with it. Chocolate would be a good thing to use but again, it is so hard to work with chocolate during summer, unless you have a temperature-controlled kitchen. I did use white chocolate to decorate the sides, which was pretty messy too, but I've always wanted to brush something on chocolate and I'm loving the look of it.
How are you today? It's Thursday, and that means it's time to link up all the stuff you're doing right now to consume less and produce more. Next week I'll be sharing some of my homemade gifts for the holidays, but in the mean time you can get plenty of ideas from the other contributers!
To the Cross or to Clarté or to Common Sense
I'd always see this beer in the cooler in Nashville and think of the Bukowski poem which mentions the great Lord of the pooped wig:
Saturday morning, we went down to the Jockey Club, signed in and were met by our sales rep. She was a handful and incredibly irritating. She found out Ryan worked for Wells Fargo and asked him a bunch of times why she was told she qualified for a credit card and then when she went to sign the paperwork, she was told she no longer qualified. All day, non stop. When we would ask her a question, she would tell us how it is at the company where she owns her timeshare but wasn't sure how it was with the company we were looking at buying from. After being asked a series of questions about our vacation "habits," touring the facility, and looking at tons of pictures, we watched a short movie showing people having fun on vacation.
One of my favorite lines from tonight’s show:
The plan? All loan clients would be treated as if they had taken out a catastrophic insurance policy that was weeks away from being launched when the earthquake hit. This would not only get the clients fresh capital quickly, but it would also teach them to benefits of buying insurance. Nearly 20,000 micro-businesses were recapitalized in a matter of a few months.
Cawthon Lang KA. 2006 January 3. Primate Factsheets: Vervet (Chlorocebus) Taxonomy, Morphology, & Ecology. http://pin.primate.wisc.edu/factsheets/entry/vervet. Accessed 2011 March 9.
AKB48’s Watanabe Mayu absent from nationwide tour due to poor health Big Bang’s Seungri & Daesung to Accompany IU as MCs on Inkigayo KARA acknowledged as the current “hot models” in advertising CNBLUE’s Yonghwa is a “totally arrogant man”? CNBLUE’s Jungshin & Minhyuk comment on voting for the first time + idol first time voters Donghae & Eunhyuk’s “Oppa Oppa” ranks #2 on Oricon’s weekly chart Chatmonchy reveals details on upcoming single JBlogAsia Search For An Admin Teenager Arrested for Selling Fake AKB48 Handshake Event Tickets NYC Reveals New Single “Haina” S/mileage reveals “Dot Bikini”‘ Full PV
My choice were some of of carpet (either a large rug or two, or carpet tiles made for home gyms or rubber (either large rubber mats or rubber tiles that connect to each other).
3. There is a reason why as kids we loved magic and dreams. Stop chasing your dreams and you will forget how it feels to live hopeful and young.
It’s quite amazing to find that this global convergence between religion and science is
For Summer and me, it was really special because we are adopting a child from an Ethiopian orphanage. It was emotional to walk through the orphanage and think, ‘My own son will be coming from a place like this.’
These burgers are really colorful and a great conversation starter in any room in the house.
Just what are my plans for this week?
'til then...
faculty to access teaching and research materials more cost-effectively than if
Mix the top four ingredients and season with salt or pepper. Shape into four patties and grill over medium heat for four to five minutes on each side. Allow burgers to rest five minutes before serving. Serve with the cucumber-yogurt sauce below.
By means of the above, and many other examples I could point to, conditions have been inflicted upon us which can not fail to bring about our destruction in whole or in part, and, in fact are already doing so.
Now note the use of the scare word "likely", despite the fact its based on meaningless units. Its likely that one day Don may discover that he has a pointless job, develop a backbone and leave the public teat for a real job in the private sector. Ok, not very likely but it might happen if his beloved Labour lose and your tax money is not mis-used to fund puritanical lobby groups.
Subject: Re: OMG!!
Tips to live by: If a guy declares that he can’t live without you, Run! Unless you’re donating an organ to this dude, this is not flattering. This means he has nothing else going for him, no aspirations, no dreams, and nothing interesting to talk about for all eternity but how much he loves you. That gets boring after the ten thousandth time you hear it.
I wanna help people who may not always deserve it.
Jason Hills has said many things which I agree with here. The problem, as he put it in another post, really has to do with the idea of objects as ready-made, that there does not seem to be a good sense of generation or change. I think Michael Austin addressed this well in his essay in the first issue of Speculations. Though we disagree about the reach of phenomenology, the fact that there is some capacity or conatus or vitality (organic or inorganic) that is not reducibly to thought nor to strictly eliminative means seems important.
Oh, don’t get me wrong! I’d love to see Dr. Ron Paul take the nomination! I would love to eat my words if that happened. But nigh, this will not happen. Mitt Romney, a fellow Michiganite, will take the primary here in Michigan. He will go on to take the nomination. He is the establishment pick. Obama will go onto win the election in November.
This wonderful article if by one of Spigot's talented contributors, Allison Greco. I caught up with Allison to find out what's going on in her life. Here's what she had to say...
I am in love with this sweet porcelain
And if the doorbell doesn't shine,
Today I have worked directly on the card blank, giving it a fancy edge with the MS Crown punch and some DI. The sentiment (GT102) and clock background (A24) have both been stamped with black, while the butterfly (GA61) has been heat embossed with gold embossing powder then coloured with distress stains. A few gems, flowers and leaves (using the Vines die set from Whimsy Stamps), provide additional colour and dimension.
The seekers came to be game changers.
So days turn to weeks and then one morning your coffee-less zombie like body sits down at the computer and guess what’s waiting…Yup, an email from the editor. Oh the torture begins once more!
Mutiny from stern to bow
I cut out the small flowers with an EK Success Retro Flower punch. I used a decorative scissor for the petals and distressed them with Distress Ink Chipped Sapphire. I added some Puffy Velvet to give the flowers some dimension.
What else can you think of for this beach theme?
They answer, "Who is God that He should hear us,
'That'll be stuck to the ceiling later'quipped Chef..
Yea! Theres no resolution
There’s a certain narrative out there that history moves in only one direction, that progress is inexorable, that we’re so enlightened today (even that human nature has changed), whereas in ages past humanity lived in unspeakable darkness and ignorance. That’s incorrect.
Announcing the NEW Cricut Expression 2 !
‘I am the vine; you are the branches. If a man remains in me and I in him, he will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing’ John 15.5 NIV.
Cheese sauce (tried and tested and handed down through at least three generations)
Big Sister had her States Night at school. All the fourth graders had to present on the state they researched and decorate a parade float on a Radio Flyer wagon. Despite saying she was nervous, she did a great job! However, we are happy to have this done with. Some of the floats were amazing, but I am happy to report that Big Sister did hers by herself and her parents did not do the whole project for her. I am fine with helping, but the teacher in me knows that this project is not meant for the parents to do entirely.
This or That with Marco!
Oh and apparently there was a very very small amount of snow this morning. We didn't see, but it was cold enough today to believe it. We will definitely be on the lookout for it tomorrow.
While we usually link the word vulgar to the first description, the second one is still used in some contexts, despite the label dated in the dictionary.
Or at least the kind of writing I want to do.
If you would like to enter this giveaway please leave me a creative comment telling me your favourite Mulberry Muse Tea Time theme, with Marie Antoinette, Jane Austen or Woodland.
I used to work in a bar/restaurant called Roosters in Kiln, Mississippi. (pronounced "kill" and often spoken with "the" in front. Like "I live south of the Kiln", though that article isn't officially a part of the town's name.) Roosters was one of the only restaurants in the small town. The only other one I can think of was a bar called "The Broke Spoke" which was famous in two ways: for being the setting of many high schoolers stories if they owned fake IDs or knew the "right" people, and because The Broke Spoke was frequented by Brett Favre, NFL quarterback who owned a home off the bayou a farsee away.
Kachinas are not playthings. They are sacred. They are deities. In their significance to the Pueblo and Hopi peoples, they are of the highest order. Trying to draw analogies from one culture to the next in order to help someone see the significance in another is difficult, and these analogies break down.
“Calm down.” He glanced at her and then back at the hooded man. “Lower the knife and come peacefully.”
Joyce Ann Carpeneto, 40, New York, N.Y.
Enjoy, and wait till Monday to see what I bought !
Owen Polley is a Northern Ireland supporter and blogger
When I arrived the cadets were on parade and I had an opportunity to talk to some of them, all the cadets are very keen and want to make a career in the airforce with the exception of one who will be joining the navy. One of the cadets has the honor this year of being the Lord Lieutenant of Hampshire’s Cadet, this is truly significant he was chosen from all the air cadets of Hampshire & Isle of Wight.
In sum, the Court finds that the denial of the instant petition is proper.
I passed my state exam
Did you talk your pretty lines?
“All I’m saying is that you owe Helen an apology. If you had any sense at all, you might see that it was probably for the be-”
OKAY, so I just tracked down Spazzle and had him trace that e-mail from the guild guy to find out where this fucker is from. I was expecting him to be from someplace way out in the middle of nowhere, where he’s got nothing to do but play this game and think he’s all hot shit for being the guild leader, because for fuck’s sake guild leaders always seem so fucking full of themselves, but anyway, check THIS out – turns out this guy is logging on from Theramore.
So how could it have been even better? They passed on David DeCastro.They had a need along the offensive line, and for the sake of picking up an extra 4th rounder, they sacrificed DeCastro and took Kevin Zeitler four spots later. Yes even the best draft in the nfl, managed to make the Steelers look like geniuses. Grade A+
Manchester Orchestra
"CLEANED UP?" Sam screamed. "You're not putting anything on it! And I'm never riding that bike again. Or coming down here either!" He began to cry again. "Why did God let that happen? I pray all the time and He never listens."
A concussive shot rang out, buzz-sawing past Kenneth so fast, it took a few hairs off the side of his head. A small explosion followed suit moments later.
So like the newbie I am, I enthusiastically cleaned out the pathway, and the pedestrian walkway. And hung around. waiting for some of the older residents to come out, and show me the protocol. But no one came out, and I had things to do, so I buggered off.
Sora
It was a greyhound!
Victoria Governor Alex Chernov hosted a dinner attended by government and industry leaders. Present were Victorian Minister for Technology and Minister responsible for Aviation Gordon Rich-Phillips, and head of Linfox logistics group Lindsay Fox.
Yeah I know... not the best name in the world that's for sure, but this record stands the thrash metal test of time for me. The band formed in 1985 some place in Suburban Illinois, then released a few kick ass demo tapes before releasing this LP. The music reminds me of a more simple Bay Area thrash metal band with vocals that sound like they were straight up German(Destruction, Kreator, and so on). Its great stuff. They later started moving towards a more death metal sound. I got this one from an old Albany area metal head named Roger. He would hang with my buddy Luke and trade records with us. This one goes out to my bud Mitch from Bone Sickness who was asking me what I'd been listening to lately. It hasn't left my turn table for a week. Happy New Year All!
So far, I have a few cards in five out of the six SPx sets listed above. The first set I started building was the '97 SPx Pro Motion basketball set. In my humble opinion, it's highlighted by one of the best looking Michael Jordan cards in the hobby (click here). Ironically, that's the only card I need to complete that five card set. Even without the Jordan, I'm pretty excited to be 80% done with the set. Unfortunately, I'm not as far with the other five sets. I have a few cards in each set and am slowly building each set. I would like to complete two out of the six sets this year as they are my highest collecting priority.
There's a winning ethical dimension that Rinzler, all of 28 years old, extends, true to the slangy, conversational, but firmly (if oddly skewed at times) moral mission of Trungpa, and the other teachers he has studied and whom he presents here. Although Rinzler's reading list's surprisingly terse, the book's value lies in putting its advice to work, not in mulling it over for a seminar or keeping it for one's own retreat. This isn't for intellectuals or monks, but for us stuck in the 9-to-5 or 24/7 wired world.
At my school, we use the Treasures reading series. Our story this week is African-American Inventors.
I know that scripture was long but it just shows the need to ask God that to humble us to present Him, to testify of Him for our works to show Him. We must always shift whatever we do to speak of Him. The Holy Spirit will testify of Jesus, we need to allow that to happen through our lives as we seek a connection and an emptiness so that we can be used (Matt 16:24). I think this is the only time when the phrase ‘empty vessels make more noise’ actually urges us to empty ourselves to be part of gods song. We so often aim towards targets to get to perfection and as much as we seek to be perfected by God if our main aim is goals we are setting we will never experience the fullness of what God wants to do in us, we will simply fill ourselves, making it harder for God to use us. God is perfection, the only way we can get to coming close to being perfected is not through the targets and aspirations we set but rather by submitting to the only perfect being. We cannot be perfected by something that is not perfect, systems and expectations we set. However once we release our systems and just choose to cast off all we expect or have built up for ourselves onto Him. He can continually perfect the work He started in us.
Watchers - Angels And Agony
I have been practicing and watching create n craft tv picking up on various hints tips n techniques ....
When all the love in the world is right here among us
Many casting directors like to hand pick the look of their background actors, this is where we come in the picture. We help you get auditions in TV, movies and film by allowing casting directors direct access to you for auditions in their project.
This will be drawn on Thursday 17 November midnight AEST and posted immediately. Be sure to check back to see if you win!!
Waller K, Swan SH, Windham GC, et al. Use of urine biomarkers to evaluate menstrual function in healthy premenopausal women. Am J Epidemiol 1998; 147: 1071-1080.
They also have problems with depth perception. This has serious consequences in their future ability to work in professions that require good vision in both eyes. Affected children also have increased risk of blindness should something happen to the good eye.
What are you looking for today?
plus lots of brand spanking new retailers as well
But back then, medicine had as much (maybe more) to do with spells and nostrums and amulets as it did with herbs, medicines and actual healing skills.
I adore Shelley and her blog, Crazy Wonderful. She is crazy talented when it comes to DIY projects and she's wonderfully charming as well. Seems like her blog is appropriately named! I love this monthly series of hers and was so excited when she asked me to participate. Here goes....
Carrot : 1/2 Finely Chopped
So, you have the recipe. Now I urge you to try it. If you like a cake filled with chocolate flavor then this is it. The recipe has sour cream.. duh… and unsweetened chocolate.. its great.
Merrell: My stomach is getting flat. See?
So through the woods and over fields
I had to clear with the publisher that I would be talking about the series on twitter in advance of publication - in fact, while writing it. There's a sort of non-disclosure clause in the contract. I said I was going to talk about it on twitter and he didn't argue. The publisher is a laid-back sweetie and occasionally joins in the discussion on Facebook and twitter about the progress of #thosevampires (they have their own hashtag). But I would not make the central premise public at this point as that is risking not only my investment in the idea but the publisher's investment - and that's not fair. Plenty of people know that book 2 involves a nasty scene in Paris with a guillotine. But that's hardly enough to recreate the story - I'm sure everyone who reads that can come up with a completely different vampire story that involves a guillotine.
@bschefke: Glenn Beck realizes that the Republican budget plan is actually a cookbook
13Therefore, prepare your minds for action; be self-controlled; set your hope fully on the grace to be given you when Jesus Christ is revealed. 14As obedient children, do not conform to the evil desires you had when you lived in ignorance. 15But just as he who called you is holy, so be holy in all you do; 16for it is written: “Be holy, because I am holy.”
Many novels are well-written but a bit boring. Many more are thrilling and badly written. Some, like this one, are fascinating and nailbiting and also satisfy on a sentence by sentence basis. The most impressive thing about this book is its architecture: the clever way it's constructed and assembled, but it's also gossipy, funny, full of hair-raising accounts of terrible things, and like the very best of Dickens, it'll make you gasp and make you cry while giving you a few laughs along the way. It is also satisfactorily fat, so it will entertain you for longer than one sitting. I can't recommend it highly enough.
And I want you by my side
What if I would serve it cold
Overall it was a great race for me. Not only was it another personal best, but I loved being involved in so many aspects of it and I love that other people were too.
While President Obama certainly has an above-average sense of humor for a politician — easy-going, self-effacing, maybe a little corny at times — he’s not known as one of the planet’s foremost comedians.
God, you our Fadda.
Besides – as life changing as they may be – they are also very overrated.
Spinach gnocchi with brown butter
Three days after the crisis began, Pattison's shares remained around the £3 mark, or less than a third of their value of a week earlier. At this point there was still confidence that Pattison's had plenty of assets to cover their debts and that everyone would get their money back. That turned out to be partly true. Some creditors were paid in full. Just not the shareholders. They were at the end of the queue.
Common cause was there in a cover you ass type of move pushing their silly redistricting lines. Their group left right after they leader gave her testimony at the beginning of the Brooklyn hearing. Only one elderly lady, a patrician type from Brooklyn Heights got it. She started her testimony with the statement that the committee members should be ashamed of themselves for killing democracy in New York. Except for Asian media not a single member of the main stream press attended the
Which in sleep had fallen on you-
“Don’t be silly! We need muslin for the doll body and appendages. Regular pillow stuffing. She says here that sometimes she weights the dolls with kitty litter…material for the clothing, paint, sandpaper…”
I love Christmas. Have a great one.
i will trade time with people, but only people that prefer to spend their time with me, and only for as long as they want. under what conception does a written proposal constitute violence? well, if it disregards actuality. if it is one-sided. that’s duress, in legal terms. contract law is rich for fairness concepts. my girlfriend and i during law school discussed many things in those terms, quite comfortably. i don’t think we were willing to bring the most relevant points of discussion to spoken admission, but i suppose the points were made.
Basil (African Blue, East Indian)
However the baby costume was increadably hard and I don't have a picture of the hardest part- the jacket.
Jared: The brother of the brother of Jared.
Those who know me best will attest to this fact, and for those who do not, well....strap yourself in, the funhouse ride is about to start!
could take the strain:
There are some other differences this year. I finally managed to round out my list to a full ten (last year’s numero diez was only an honorable mention). I am not all that thrilled by the bottom of the list. The contenders for the last three spots are all movies that I either have some issue with or lack strong feelings for. But I gave them all high ratings initially, so I am going to trust my past self. Also, I am in the midst of Netflixing several movies I missed, so more than any other year, I am backlogged with a lot of potential contenders. But I’ve got to be at least somewhat timely.
After the exam I took about a three hour break before heading back to the school to begin the transition to Civ Pro which is this Friday! I am almost completely finished with my map of the course and this semester will fit entirely on one poster board. The only thing left for me to do is fill in the cases for discovery until a new trial which shouldn’t take long. Tomorrow when I head to the library I will finish this remaining bit, go through everything once, then start writing answers to some of the past questions she has given out.
It is with thanks and wonderment that when we see the contribution made by so many individuals to the success of the 30x30x30 Challenge project, for the benefit of our children, we see great hope and a promise for our future…
Currently, on intellicast RADAR — http://www.intellicast.com — we see Three overlapping / interacting ‘HAARP rings’ have appeared in unison out of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, Cleveland Ohio, and Hartland Michigan.
For the teenager who’s into “texting” there is the more serious problem called “sexting” that can lead to all kinds of trouble. The harsh realities of this are explored in a young adult novel, Never Been Kissed, by Melody Carlson ($9.99, Revell, softcover). All Elise wants is her first kiss before she turns 16, but when a friend’s poor advice and modern communications technology combine, she finds herself on a dangerous path. Accused of “sexting”, she gets kicked out of school. This novel shows teen girls the impact of their choices when it comes to respecting themselves. Revell is famed for practical books that bring the Christian faith to everyday life and the author has penned more than two hundred books. Check it out at http://www.revellbooks.com/. For the same young adult crowd, there’s The Princess of Las Pulgas by C. Lee McKenzie ($16.95, WestSide Books, Lodi, NJ). This is a gritty story of a girl’s life after her father’s death forces her mother to sell their oceanfront home and move to Las Pulgas, the site of a tough urban high school where Carlie is dubbed the princess for her aloof ways. This is a novel about a difficult process of transition and is timely in difficult economic times. It tells of a challenging learning experience as Carlie learns that not everything is as it seems. The eighth book in the Good Girlz series, Drama Queens, by Reshonda Tate Billingsley ($11.00, Gallery Books, softcover) is all about friendship. The Black Christian national booksellers list ranks the author number one on the list. In this novel, high school is coming to a close for the Good Girlz and Camille, Angel, Alexis, and Jasmine are ecstatic to discover they’ve all been accepted to the same Texas University, Prairie View A&M. Need it be said that changes, many unanticipated, lay ahead? The girls learn a lot about relying on their faith and each other when facing life’s tough decision.
The increase in the use of the
My name is Kai. My real name is Kim Jongin.
Mustafa showed and told us of the conditions that he had travelled through to the airport and back again.
Yet at the same time there are millions of kids, just like them,
tortuga = tor too gah = turtle
Let's start with crushes. It'll be short, I promise. My friends keep teasing me that I have an obsession with J names. In a way, it's kinda true? I mean, the past 3 crushes I had all had J names. I have no idea why. I almost developed a crush on my friend who has a J name too. Seriously. I have no idea why. Ok this is kinda weird? Hehe let's move on.
I cannot admit this Machiavellian answer because it is too implausible. I am in a word, prepared to allow the possibility of sincere and honest radicalism. It is suggested that the real answer lies again in the by now familiar phenomenon of attitude-behaviour discrepancy (Ray, 1971d ). If one may for a moment wax anecdotal, on occasions I have, when talking with young Maoists and others of the more 'revolutionary' (and minuscule) Left in Australia, often had the experience of hearing their actions and creed justified by talk that boiled down to something being 'just wrong' or 'basically unjust' (cf. Bedford, 1970). When giving my reply to this: 'But I don't believe that there's any such thing as Right and Wrong', the typical answer was initially a rather long silence followed by: 'But I don't either'. This would then be followed by some sort of attempt by other arguments to persuade me to feel as the revolutionary did about the fancied 'injustice'. The conversation always terminated in the revolutionary realising that he was speaking to someone who just did not get angry about the same things he did. This caused complete (if sometimes polite) cessation of further interaction. The radical, then, although he would on serious reflection reject out of hand the notion of an objective Right, does find in the heat of debate no language more appropriate to express his feelings than the language of Right and Wrong. Once out of his armchair, the radical is as moralistic (if not more so) as the reactionary. His abstract conclusions about the nature of Right have not penetrated far or deeply into his everyday behaviour or thinking. Underneath it all, he is still working with the same sort of assumptions as the reactionary. The point at issue is always what is right, not whether anything is right. If then to some the radical appears an especially moralistic person, this is to be understood as showing that he is a person who feels especially deeply about certain social phenomena and, as a consequence, he has more need of the language that is traditionally appropriate to expressing such feeling and which has most efficacy in inspiring others to feel similarly. The danger of course is that if the radical talks as if there were an absolute Right and Wrong he might, given the opportunity, act as if there were also. We all know the pitiless oppression that can result (e.g. the Spanish inquisition, Stalinist Russia) when men believe that they act in the name of Right. Thus alone can inhumane acts be justified in the name of humanity and mercy.
*makes note to do it later*
Image: Mo's Digital Pencil
In relationships of all kinds, we practice diplomatic dishonesty in many different forms. Out of balance, diplomatic dishonesty becomes codependence, one of the most unhealthy types of controlling behavior, I think. It can also go out of balance in the other direction. I am no fan of radical honesty. I've seen people use that excuse to say the most hurtful things you can imagine. Part of being two-eyed means we can think before we speak. Well, we can, even though sometimes it's difficult. We can ask ourselves what we hope to accomplish by saying whatever it is that's tickling our throats, rattling the voicebox in its eagerness to get out. What I really dislike about radical honesty is the idea that we should never filter what we say. Should we say everything? To what end?
But I guess in the end, everyone’s perceptions are valid. We each have our own experiences that form them. This guy loves New York’s opportunity for all, delivery services and taxi overload. But when it comes to the city’s energy and the people who create that energy, he says: “Some do overshoot: in the drive to become the ultimate New Yorker, many overdress to overkill, get high, become pathologically hyperactive, play a role and make the city somewhat unbearable.”
They fell backwards, and the fall turned into a twisting, sliding sensation that all but threw the contents of Rel's stomach out of him - he gagged it back down, coughing - and then they were spilling out, upright but stumbling as feet hit the ground and there was a body there. Somehow, Rel managed to stagger into a leap that took him across the fire; Taslin fell to her hands and knees where she landed.
Then came last week. After adding another bag of “mulch” onto our rapidly growing potatoes, I began to wonder what kind of mulch was best for growing potatoes. After hours of disheartening research on the internets, I was ale to uncover the reality that one should never use wood mulch, especially mulch from conifers (like cedar), in gardening. Apparently the wood raises the acidity of the soil as it decays, thus hurting the plants growing in it. When potato growers used the word “mulch” they meant straw or compost; something organic that has been chopped up or composted to a soft, soil-like consistency, not the basic wood mulch found in most garden centers.
1 dirt
When we drove by the Superman house, it was vitally important that we did not STOP. We didn't even get a picture people. We kept driving for fear that we might be the victims of a drive-by. Precious and I decided that the GPS needed a "get us out of the ghetto as quick as possible" button.
Dexter
“Even if each case might make sense individually when they are explained, when you put the whole picture together you have to say it’s not common sense. So there is something missing from the cohesion of the justice system.
Kegeratered: 07-21-2008
All these customization options give you a vast amount of things to choose from. Because of this, the game really never becomes boring. There is so much content that to explore every secret of the world, every combination of races, classes, and professions, and every style of play, would require infinite time.
The long awaited blog is here! I apologize for the wait, but I'm sure you won't be disappointed when you read all the bloggers have to share with you! Thanks to everyone who chimed in, I knew our community would come through ;)
I always love when a client enjoys color as much as I do. To date this is one of my favorite style plans and I can’t wait till the after photos pop up in my in box.
The soft murmur of other readers, explaining in vain why this book.
3 Ribbon/Trim
“Won’t you come in,” I offered.
Il fut riche. Il portait un flair de sacristie
Close to this is the Swayambhu Hanuman Temple, to which the lovely Sri Rama Pattabhishekam vigrahas were added in 1685. Here they put a nail on top of Hanuman’s head to prevent the rock from growing big but it widened sideways and now the silver kavacham does not completely cover the Hanuman pratima on the rock anymore. There was a young priest here called Naveen who goes to evening college, since divinity is his mainstay and other learning is secondary. Very impressive after many other young priests I have met in the past few years. He also advised me to go tomorrow to the Ulsoor Someswara temple Rathotsava around 10 am. He says that pratishtha is by Mandavya Maharshi and tomorrow is Pournami as well as Somavara (Monday).. he says you can tangibly feel the power there. To think I trek around the country looking for rishi – temples and there is one right here in Ulsoor!!
To illustrate community support for the resolution, I added:
Most runners training for a longish distance race follow some sort of training plan. We have to ramp up our mileage, practice for hills, and work on our speed. Then check it off on our nice little calendar that it was done, then all will be perfect and we will PR the race. Right?
This year saw nearly two-dozen of us gathering at West Malling station; not a particularly easy place for those of us travelling from Tonbridge to get to, but after two changes of train and the best part of an hour we duly arrived at our meeting place. The day had dawned bright and cold, after a frosty start, and most of us had wrapped up warm against the unseasonably cold weather. A week or so previous, the county was basking in temperatures in the high teens, but not so today. We were aiming for a pub called the Nevill Bull in the small village of Birling. Not only were we buoyed up by the fact that the pub regularly serves beers from the recently established Kent Brewery, but being a public holiday, and the start of the Easter break, it was also holding a mini-beer festival.
The status of the land in dispute, like all rural land in Sabah, is contentious given the unique position of natives and their natural rights to the land.
It is a wavering, keening type of singing, traditionally unaccompanied. Sung in Irish the songs have an ancient, tribal feel to them.
Most of my friends are tied-down with family commitments and are not able to slip away on a moment's notice. For a brief moment I felt sorry for myself while I racked my brain for who to call.
‘Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in its lusts. And do not present your members as instruments of unrighteousness to sin, but present yourselves to God as being alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness to God. For sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under law but under grace.’
who had her heyday in the '90s
It's been a difficult week for me to make a decision about keeping our Etsy store open.
at the edge of night
Eltham South Fine Art: Studios and Gallery is an Artist Run Initiative growing from the legacy of the late Grace Mitchell. The Mitchell family moved to Eltham in 1948 and bought a property that runs between Mt. Pleasant Road and Fordhams Road, South Eltham. Initially Grace and Arthur Mitchell lived in the old minors cottage at the top of the hill (Fordhams Road) and began constructing the orchard garden.
So now we have a new member of the family. I'm pretty sure you'll be seeing much more of him. You can see more of him over at my photography blog here.
40 Kensington Gardens
The beast beneath, and her carburretted wheeze,
Needless to say, the treatment of (non) statutory subject matter at the USPTO is becoming more contentious for practitioners. In Re Nujten, which was argued before the CAFC over seven months ago (!) (to hear an MP3 of the oral arguments, click here), is expected to resolve at least some of the issues regarding 35 U.S.C. 101.
Model of patience
I wasn't quite sure where the fever came from, whether it was teething related or maybe an ear infection? I am the queen of paranoia about ear infections (hi Anna!), so I took him to the doctor's yesterday just to cross it off the list. Everything looked fine though, so that's good.
Skeeter: Fried mayo balls reminds me of that time I gave my love muscle to that girl with the fine turd cutter.
7. made a Danish layered birthday cake with a friend! It was so good =)
At forty-three years of age, I am still a strange bird. If I am going to tell my story, I’d better start doing it now. I am becoming annoyingly forgetful, and I don’t want to erroneously tell someone else’s story by mistake. One of my dearest friends, a woman named Melissa, also finds comfort in the writing, and has her own story to tell. We are forever vowing to write a book together about overcoming struggles and such, but we can’t seem to lasso one issue onto the page before another is bucking and rearing back, thus our tales never seem to get written. This is why we joined a writer’s guild, a Christian writer’s guild.
Main purpose of the Relocations Consultant role
Heat the oil in a pot until it reaches 165°C. Spoon little portions in the hot oil and leave for about 4-5 minutes or until golden and cooked through. While still warm roll in and cover with the flavoured sugar and leave to cool or eat while they are still warm.
this isn't an excuse, but it is a reality of our jobs
So, I'm a Mom of four this year and half my heart is still on the other side of the ocean, but our time is coming! Today, I will choose to celebrate with the two beautiful children I have present. I will rejoice in the beautiful people they are becoming. We'll continue to look eagerly toward the goal of having everyone in the same house. Soon, boys, soon, your Mama is coming.
Jason Maguire
Officials say the mother confessed to the attack after being confronted with autopsy results. She told deputies she was concerned about her son, but ate pizza and watched a movie with her boyfriend after the Monday night beating.
“Hey,” pointed Hank, “I do not want to hear about anyone being with my daughter.”
December 6th I noted that I called my sis-in-law at 8:30am and we played telephone tag until 1:30pm. I was supposed to attend a Christmas event in her town which I cancelled as I was most upset over the call and her hanging up on me. When we did finally connect, I told her that I expected an apology for her going off on me and then hanging up. I also told her of my conversation with my brother. Her response was “what’s the common denominator?” meaning me, I said “Strike one! and I’m giving one warning only.” Noted we had a long talk for about one hour but think we’re okay. She called me back later too.
Have a great day and I'd love it if you'd share some of your thrifted or upcylced items with me!!
260 Fifth Avenue
20. Kai is also mentioned by SHINee’s member on ‘The SHINee World (album)’ thanks to.
The key to make this nail art stand out more is to choose contrasting colors. Though in this case, i wasn't able to since i just decided to make do with what i have on my nails when i did it. I used my Midnight Fantasy as a base.
“What?” I asked somewhat annoyed. I don’t know if they knew my adoption status or not. ”Well I mean if H. left her, why did she keep her baby?” I made a face, because I am bad at that. I said incredulously, “You don’t give your baby away just because you get dumped” I laughed ironically.
Shakespeare, translated, so no rhymes or sounds or
From 1994 to 2004, I watched the Oscars. Religiously, reverently. In college I’d organize viewing parties and low-stakes betting pools. Once, in 1996, I even interrupted a family vacation to return to the hotel in time for the evening’s telecast. Pulp Fiction won Best Screenplay, but lost Best Picture to Forrest Gump, teaching me to which category to really pay attention to in the coming years.
I really don’t know where to start with this lot though. I guess sticking it the fridge is a good place to start, and necking it one bottle at a time. The lady Squeeze is a little incredulous at my assertion that I got it for free and wanted to know the name of the blog I write. I told her I write Pencil and Spoon. Any suggestions, geekery or otherwise, on how to enjoy it are welcome. Whether its food that suits, the correct size of wine glass to neck it from, or simply that I ought not to neck ‘em all at once are welcome in usual comments block. The world is a wonderful place.
Now you did not think I would finish this post without posting a recipe, did you?
Gaby Beard - 61
ED was 20 when she discovered she was pregnant with Little Buddha.
when i first met my husband 8 years ago, i was working as a medical social worker on an infectious disease unit at a large hospital. i was meeting patients who were learning of their HIV positive status for the first time, running support groups, connecting them with resources, agencies, medications. it was a very intense job, and i loved it. but even with the joy that came with the idea of being in a helping profession, it still weighed heavy on my heart. i was learning in that year in particular how to set boundaries, to leave work on time, and to leave the anxiety, the questions, and the heartbreak at the job. in the midst of all of that learning, i met john. as we fell in love, my heart and my mind were consumed with the potential and the possibility of our relationship, and i was released of the burdens i was holding close. i have very clear memories of walking the halls of that hospital, responding to the latest emergency, but not having that feeling of dread, but instead having the feeling of "i have found love and all of this doesn't feel so heavy anymore." i was inspired by it (love) and it gave me a greater sense of appreciation and perspective. i felt light and joyful, even with all the confusion and pain that came with my profession. i like to think i was a better practitioner (and person) because of it.
Warsaw Ghetto (Original 12" Mix)
Draped with a clean white sheet
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come.
Stir together all the dry ingredients, including the fruit and nuts. In a separate bowl, whisk together the wet ingredients. Combine with the dry ingredients until the mixture is even. Spread mixture in the prepared pan. Press the mixture evenly into the pan. *Be sure to press the ingredients into the pan, so the bars don't crumble!
Of nebulae
Status and Submission Western numbers are mainly unusual to pretty common; regionally typical. Southern subspecies-group (bewickii group) declining; altus subspecies (“Appalachian” Bewick’s wren), of doubtful tax­­onomic credibility, decreased to remnant populations; nominate bewickii subspecies, primarily based in Ozarks, decreasing. Large quantity of any inhabitants may be overlooked by experts different with tune. Breeding: environment types more diverse than for most wrens, but shrubby crops always a need. Western individuals consistent dry juniper foothills, luxurious riparian passages, personal regions, etc. Southern subspecies-group formerly populated open woodlands; now wants places with people useless. Migration: american numbers mostly inactive. Southern numbers migratory, with common design of dispersal southern region and west following reproduction. Winter: as reproduction, with usually hotter and lower-elevation element. Vagrant: extralimital information difficult to review. Obvious vagrants in the Eastern may be history, natural migrants, or real vagrants. Obvious vagrants in the Western aspect may talk about advance-guard wildlife engaged in vary expansions. In cheaper Mo and Illinois Stream Valleys, identify between potential vagrants of eastern compared to american numbers.
noticeable progress.
James Audiffred, 38, New York, N.Y.
During the cold winter, I really can't do without my Mongolian fur boots, that I actually hated at first.
Cut Off Your Hands present Happy As Can Be, the new EP Out on Frenchkiss Records this October. The self-titled single will also be featured on their much anticipated, Bernard Butler produced debut album, You and I, to be released in early 2009.
I spent last week in a haze of half sleep, burning 103 degree fever, sweatsoaked sheets, and 6-hour countdowns for the next little orange Advil pill. The hardest part of the week was the boredom and dull depression that slowly descended from not running, and the feeling that this sickness just wouldn't end.
Spanish officials are looking to the ECB to restart their bond purchase program this week as the big Spanish 10 year bond auction arrives. They are looking for the cavalry to come but the reality is that just as Greece has defaulted so will Spain. The time has come for duck and cover as nations will start to prepare for default. The ECB’s LTRO has only made the situation worse. They have only succeeded in putting more toxic sovereign debt into these banks.
so I will be keeping this blog open and if I haven't got around to contacting you all individually (sigh...soon) please leave me a reminder here....ok.
And if you did, and weren't around to watch this team play in 1962, I have a feeling we all got a taste of what those days were like. Back in '62, they played like this all the time. These days, they just play like that occasionally. Tonight, they played like that all night long. So now on the heals of Fred Wilpon's sentiments becoming known to the public, he's made it impossible to view them as lovable losers (as if we ever did) ever. - Not with the dollars dropped into this money pit. These days, instead of rallying behind the Lovable Losers of yore, way before the days when The Saul B. Katz Dilemma regime took over, now we just have a Schmuck and a $h!tte team to laugh at. Even though the situation with the Mets has gotten far from funny.
Reaching up to caress her boobs
China has extended far more domestic credit relative to GDP than other nations and has probably allocated it less wisely. With export demand falling, will China have the cash flow to bail out its insolvent banks and to rescue its state governments? Will it have to restrain its raw materials acquisition spree to deal with bad loans? Copper prices are a proxy for how well China is doing. Copper’s price move down is indicative of unwinding carry trades as well as collapse in a credit bubble in China.
“I will show you,” he said, and he clapped his hands. A magical picture appeared within a huge icy wall of a land all blue and green. “This is the world called Earth,” he said. “Every year, in the season they call winter, your task will be to cover as much of it as you can with snow. Remember, if you fail, your people will suffer! You must start off at once for the place where Earth meets the sky, and there you will live and carry out your work. From now on you will be called Snow Woman, and this task will be yours from now until the end of time.”
It takes ennui and a desire to move onward and upward to kick me out of a rut. As much as I love Photoshop and Illustrator and InDesign (oh, how I love InDesign), I recognize that as long as I hone the tools, I will be nothing more than the-person-behind-the-computer. I crave complex discussion and the excitement of implementing ideas; something I am not getting at work.
When I first started following this series, I didn’t imagine it would have anything to do with tango; I was just interested in picking up a new perspective on sketching. This changed when he started talking about the chain of energy, and the importance of visualizing energy and motion, instead of just form.
But Mayor Bloomberg, a salt-aholic himself, was unapologetic.
As already noted, it could also be said that the decentralized nature of the early German communities was no different from the decentralization in Greece before the Athenian and Macedonian Empires, the decentralization in Italy before the ascendancy of the Roman Republic or indeed the decentralization of the original Mesopotamian civilization. The important point, here, however is the much longer survival of that form of organization among Germans -- and it is certainly to their German ancestors that the English must trace it.
I have nothing against cell phones. What I have a problem with is the incivility they create and the total aspect of sheer rudeness that results. It's bad enough that people yak non-stop on them in their cars, but hey, at least we don't have to listen to them.
When they were brought to Edinburgh, the only evidence against Cuthill was that he had been armed in suspicious circumstances. Had Cuthill acknowledged the authority of the King and Council, then he could have expected to spend some time in Edinburgh’s tolbooth before being liberated under caution on the conditions that they lived orderly and did not attend field preachings.
We are pleased to have Laura Carson as our March Muse! Laura is a fabulous mixed media artist and we look forward to her Muse posts. She presently teaches altered and collage art and is on Alpha Stamps' design team.
"Give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you." 1 Thessalonians 5:18 (NIV)
Sam: There are several milestones that all are happening simultaneous. When people came online to our website and they filled out a detailed survey, saying that they would want to come onto Blueseed, when they would like to move onto Blueseed, and how they would be able to pay for their stay on Blueseed. So far we have received over 120 applications (start-ups), which equates to about 500 people. That is a big milestone, which has only developed over the last 6 months. We could fill half the spots if all those people came on the ship right now.
So I set him about his history and, some time later – after, in fact, another trip to the garage – went to check on him. He was deep in Shaman lore and the Cro-Magnon cave paintings. I twitched. Whither Tudors?
With the love of comrades,
Venus shares Leo with a mild benefic, Mercury. This means that the persons ability to organize and intellectualize and communicate is a mild factor promoting material happiness and success. She also shares her sign with Ketu – a wildcard. Since Ketu is with two benefics, it amplifies the benefic power. So you should interpret that the person’s mystical insight (ketu) into emotional topics (4th House) is big factor in promoting his material happiness and success.
I love the "feel" of March. I love the "smell" of March. There is something about March that fills my heart with the first breath of spring. The promise of what is to come.
and now I'm finally in the mood to watch it all over again!
Sure! I’m totally going to crib from the flap copy from Harbinger, because I like the way it reads.
Silly though it may be, I’ve been planning her birthday for months. How no matter how we ended up celebrating,
Republicans, too, are worried. It is a common theme among conservatives, the fear that Mitt Romney will commit the same mistake that John McCain did against Obama; the fear that Romney is “too nice.” I say that in a political context, but it is my belief that Romney's school boy smile hides an iron will.
Kiro Gligorov, as is obvious from this incident as well, belonged to a different school of thought which today’s leadership under Nikola Gruevski is trying to deconstruct, in its effort to construct a new historical theory for the nation, that of “pure macedonism”.
Accessories - 1/2" pleated white satin ribbon, 1" crocheted ribbon, 1/2" seam binding - dyed with Gypsy reinker (all May Arts), Bling Assortment, Bamboo Waxy Flax (CTMH)
Everyone was joking that I had a date. My friend Anita Gordon, who writes as Kathleen Kirkwood wanted something to eat and paid for me because to thank me for helping her out.
Hannah paused as thoughts raced through her head. Can this be true? Is there really such a feeling? Is this something I could really feel…this thing called love?
Live from Lucy's cranium in her sanitarium
was still hope that at least Bobby would be back someday.
But I had obviously forgotten that the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Mother of God, who was the primary subject of today’s episode, can never disappoint. (Praise God.)
My hands still feel dirty.
Citing Montex and other cases, the ECJ held that goods placed under a suspensive procedure cannot infringe EU IP rights: they infringe only if they are put on sale in the EU. Concerning the risk of fraudulent diversion, the ECJ noted that customs authorities, in order to detain goods, do not need proof that goods have already been sold, offered for sale, or advertised to EU consumers, it being sufficient that there be material such as to give rise to suspicion. Moreover, it clarified Montex by stating that it is sufficient that, for example, the destination of the goods is not declared or there is no precise or reliable information as to the identity or address of the manufacturer or consignor of the goods, or there is lack of cooperation with customs authorities or documents suggesting the risk of diversion. In Case C-495/09, the ECJ affirmed that national courts should consider relevant that it was impossible to identify the consignor of the goods in question. These examples are broad, so the main argument in favour of the control of goods in external transit (that it is sufficient for counterfeiters to declare a goods under a suspensive procedure, as right holders argued) no longer appears substantiated. The only limit is that a suspicion of risk of fraudulent diversion must be based on facts and not be abstract, so that the ECJ ensures that legitimate international trade is not hindered, even by a temporary detention. Moreover, concerning goods suspected of infringing IP rights in the country of destination, the ECJ noted that customs authorities may cooperate with the customs authorities of third countries under Article 69 TRIPS.
Put your spice mixture ingredients into vittles processor and grind perceptible. Dice the offensive meat. Marinate the diced yellow meats squirrel the spice glue, canola oil and lime liquor for about 10 hours; hop will stage preferred. Spun wool meat dices on to bamboo tickler. Grill for 2 - 3 organ each side. Engage in not cold-shoulder to brush your meat ensconce marinate and kecap manis during grilling case. Combine the sambal kecap ingredients to get ready sambal kecap.
Let's start with the bag. I picked this one up at Target, it's made by Sonia Kashuk. I love the mix of colors and all of the compartments. It's a compact bag, with a lightweight material. Two musts with a makeup travel bag.
ABC’s Consolidated Media Report is an optional report that allows newspapers to feature a variety of products in their portfolio, including free distribution, e-newsletters, website traffic, mobile metrics, social media data and more. ABC independently verifies all data on a CMR. Top-line stats from these reports are featured in CMR-FAX, which is distributed as part of the full FAS-FAX report.
Step one of this challenge begins today. Pick 5 areas that you want to learn more about. Here is a list of suggestions to help get you started:
On the surface, a discussion of the historical significance of national health care seems innocuous. When something that has never happened before happens, it can certainly be described as "historic." However, when a Marxist mentions anything regarding history, it has a different connotation altogether.
“She can’t survive out there, she doesn’t know the world and she doesn’t know herself.” Old Bubble slapped his belly as an exclamation. “I don’t think it will be too hard to see the emperor.”
There's something so magical and otherworldly about the full moon, something directing our thoughts to the mystical. You can feel it's energy. With this in mind, I began painting a series of Full Moon Goddesses in January. The idea was to choose a Goddess appropriate to the symbolism of each full moon. Some are Greek, some Celtic, and some may be Roman or Norse.
I first saw the type of orange peeling machine in the photo for the first time in the West Indies - simple, ingenious, and so much faster than hand peeling. Also, when peeled this way, removing only the outer peel and leaving the white portion of the rind (the pericarp or albedo), an orange can be eaten more conveniently, like an apple. It is said that the white portion of an orange contains as much vitamin C as the flesh. Perhaps the slightly bitter quality of the white and the American penchant for all things sweet prevents more people from eating oranges this way.
Thanks Kristi!
Bazzill CS
Once upon a time there was an alien
There was never any attempt by KGB interviewees to conceal Rothschild's links to these scientists or that he was on a short list of ten for recruitment. They were all well aware of him, and those who had been stationed in London, such as Modin, admitted to having known him personally.
the pillaging of resources.
The boys discuss a story that would only happen in Gaston County where a man stabs his wife over a steak! And a bonus, an outtake reel from last week’s cornfield joke.
Abdulbah has been remanded in custody and is claiming "diminished responsibility."
Anyway...before I babble on about being different any further, let's talk about how Betsey is pretty darn Hime ^^;;
now that I find myself back in the the market in the ripe old age of 51 AND I am not the ONLY one!!!!!!
Google says parents are to blame if children view porn: Online giant attacks call for legal curbs Help us spy on Twitter: FBI asks companies to develop software for monitoring social media to predict crimes Don't be a Facebook spy! Bosses warned about snooping on staff via social networks The soon to be published Communications Capabilities Development Programme is expected to force internet service providers to store details of when and where emails are sent and by whom. Mr Omand wants a Green Paper to be published on monitoring social media sites and for private industry to link up with the Government to develop analytical tools to monitor developments. There have been reports to suggest that Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden are using social media to communicate with one another and Mr Omand said that in such circumstances the authorities need to be able to gain access to private accounts. Monitoring: Sir David Omand said criminals are increasingly making use of online social networks such as Twitter and Facebook to communicate Monitoring: Mr Omand said criminals are increasingly making use of online social networks such as Twitter and Facebook to communicate He added: ‘I don’t know anybody who thinks that it should be ring-fenced and allowed to become a secret space.’ A new report by the think-tank Demos indicates that Twitter and Facebook accounts could be legally accessed by using the Regulatory and Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA). The act states that warrants are not necessary for ‘directed surveillance’ of a suspect – for example when monitoring a person’s movements – and that the principle could be extended to the internet where investigators were using publicly available information. However, the former director of GCHQ said it was essential that monitoring was put on a legal footing so that where individuals have put up privacy settings on their social network accounts any monitoring which involves the interception of communications should require a warrant. Networking: Mr Omand wants a Green Paper to be published on monitoring social media sites and for private industry to link up with the the public sector to develop analytical surveillance tools Networking: Mr Omand wants a Green Paper to be published on monitoring social media sites and for private industry to link up with the public sector to develop analytical surveillance tools The report states: ‘Democratic legitimacy demands that where new methods of intelligence gathering and use are to be introduced, they should be on a firm legal basis and rest on parliamentary and public understanding of what is involved, even if the operational details of the sources and methods used must sometimes remain secret. ‘People now share vastly more personal information about themselves, their friends and their networks in new a varied ways: what is ‘public’ and what is ‘private’ is not always obvious and differs greatly across social media platforms and even within social media platforms.’ The report’s publication comes against the background of intense controversy over the Government’s plans to extend the monitoring of all texts, telephone calls, emails and internet traffic in the UK. Sir David said that proper regulation was essential to ensure public trust in the system. ‘The problem with social media is that it doesn’t really fit the 19th and 20th century structures we have for how you go about regulating these matters,’ he said. ‘After Iraq, we must be sure that if people are engaged in this kind of monitoring, they are doing it for the reasons set out in the authorisation (and that) it has not been politicised.’ A Home Office spokesman said communications data has played a role in every major security service counter-terrorism operation over the past decade and in 95 per cent of all serious organised crime investigations. However, Google says that when it comes to accessing pornography online laws will not protect children - only parents can keep their children safe from such adult material.
While we will be sad to see some favorites go,
Senza ponti, cattive campane,
-The word NO has become the foulest four letter word you ever heard
1. Fill a highball glass with ice and squeeze in a wedge of grapefruit. Add vodka, elderflower cordial and apple juice and top with grapefruit juice. Stir well and serve.
The Church of Latter Day Saints – for their buildings all over the world – uses a single architecturally designed plan, kitset components, and volunteer labour. Their churches are instantly recognisable, and are fully paid for at the time of erection – both very desirable goals.
But if this kind of thing appeals to you, rest assured that there are some wickedly funny one-liners sprinkled throughout, and that Linda Lavin is the expected force of nature as the gleefully selfish matriarch.
I folded the paper on the score lines and and then for the center one, I folded it in opposite directions. I cut my different papers to length and put them on wherever I wanted on the card.
A noob to the v-day dinner scene in Paris, I was scanning the room for other star-crossed lovers, which only seemed to lodge Cupid's arrow further up their asses.
Jogging up the aisle, Addison’s hair flew behind her gracefully, her breath coming out in quick bursts. In her nervous state she almost tripped going up the few stairs that led to the altar. She quickly recovered from her clumsiness and made it to Father James’ side. Motioning towards the table in quick hand motions, he seemed to be as nervous as she was. Addison obeyed him, laying down on the table and watching his actions with nervous eyes.
Whereas normal scenes take about 1000 words, these scenes are taking 2000-3000 words.
Was the price that I paid to see this view
and you just wanted to throw something at them and be like
Several audience members have tentatively voiced their concerns, and even more have openly decried Jackson’s decision. It’s too crisp, too bright. Monty Cristo, however, described the preview in a slightly more positive light. “The cinematic filter between the action and the audience is dissolved in favor of a more immediate lens on the world of the movie,” he said.
at the absurdity of anything not being absolutely perfect
(it'll give Alabama voters heart attacks), Mr. Obama described the call to
"Never trust an intact male of any species"
Finish: This is a long lasting finisher… think running a marathon in over eight hours eh?
And the same will happen in Britain because the same forces are at work here.
Hello it's Erika from small shop! I was so fortunate to have been able to attend a lovely book party on Wednesday night, in Paloma's place. Guests gathered at the treasure trove RUMMAGE in West Hollywood to celebrate the launch of owner Kishani Perera's book, Vintage Remix. A gorgeous setting and only the most supportive collaborators and fans were there to sip, chat, have a few laughs, and get their very own autographed copy of Ms. Perera's exquisite publication. A recap:
From these three women Mhembere had four sons. Matoto was the mother of Chief Chinamaringa and his young brother Wafanenombo. Maraswa bore Chief Chidziva, Manhando bore Chief Nzvere. Chinamaringa, Chidziva and Nzvere later became chiefs of Chinamora. The work of Mhembere and his sons was to help Chief Chiweshe to rule his country and hear civil cases at his court. That is where the sons of Mhembere learned how to rule the country. One day when Mhembere and his sons were at Chiweshe’s court the sons of Chiweshe and the sons of Hwata went to hunt at Gwihwi (Gwibi). Their dogs caught and killed an animal called bimha (reedbuck). They argued first about ownership of the animal and they started fighting and they wounded each other with their spears.
Transfer Fees: $691
1 box pasta
In January, Dad got much weaker. He fell, had trouble breathing, landed in the hospital, was told he had pneumonia and colon cancer, and then congestive heart failure. We understood, if he didn't, that the colon cancer would not be the thing that killed him. I began driving up every Tuesday afternoon, spending several hours with him wherever he was...at the hospital, in their assisted living apartment, and for the last couple of months in the nursing home just upstairs from the apartment. I got to know their friends and the cheerful, caring, overworked staff. I pushed his wheelchair to the big glass finch cage, or outside for a breath of air, or to the dining room for malts or cookies (Tuesday afternoon at 3:30 is snack time; I'm no dummy). I saw how everyone greeted him and wished him well. I saw how he kept his sense of humor, even when he was clearly not feeling well. I rubbed his back, and I set him up with an iPod Shuffle onto which I'd loaded Sinatra, Perry Como, Tommy Dorsey, Ella Fitzgerald, and the like. Gradually he spent fewer hours awake and lucid, and by yesterday afternoon he was incommunicado, lulled by Ativan and Bing Crosby.
Well, I guess I should have designated this Bunny week! LOL When I went searching for free bunny clip art I obviously found a couple of cute ones that I thought would make quick and easy cut files to share here on my blog. I guess I need to see if I can find one more to finish out the week tomorrow! LOL Or maybe I will just use one of these other ones on something new! We shall see! I actually can't believe I got several posts done all in a single week so we will see if I can get one more done to make it a full week! That would be a first! LOL
At the end of July, early August, right after my grandmother passed away, things were coming to a definite direction with K and the kids. They were days away from moving into their new home. Just about at that time, I lost contact with them. K's second cell phone was broken and supposedly it was getting repaired. I had no more money to give them, but we tried to keep in touch. She gave me an address where they would be moving so I could set up the wishlists for people to send items to. But the address was incomplete, or wrong.
"Good." Syrin hung his sack from a branch, held the bottom of his shirt up to make a makeshift basket, collected several cherries, and sat at the trunk of the tree. Stacey just stood and watched him do this. Syrin's sudden kindness had made him a little nervous. In the past he'd been little else but cold, and Stacey wasn't sure what he was supposed to do in this situation. "Well?"
NORTH
The measure was propelled by the fresh memory of community outrage this year over a quarter-million-dollar separation agreement between the Burnsville-Eagan-Savage school district and Tania Z. Chance, its former human resources director.
This would be just fine as a 'starter' for four people, but would only serve two or possibly three of you as a supper dish. Fresh crusty bread is lovely with it of course :)
The next day, I found my fucking wallet on the floor of my closet, right near where I'd hidden the stocking stuffers.
Wisdom teeth. I had my first two wisdom teeth taken out around this time. My advice to you is to get them all out at once. If you need two out, you’ll always need the second two out. The dentist put me under for this with laughing gas. Laughing gas is great. If it is ever offered – TAKE IT. This is my conversation with the dentist, as I remember it, while under the influence:
Not unlike childbirth, the ice bath is one of those uncomfortable experiences that you remember as painful, but cannot quite conjure the extremity of it until you do it again. Yesterday afternoon I filled my tub with cold water, filled a large pitcher with ice, made a cup of hot peppermint tea and grabbed an oversized hoodie. At this point I ask that you do your best not to picture me naked, but if you must, please note that when nude I look surprisingly like Angelina Jolie sans tattoos. I stayed clothed from the waist up in a tank top and that warm hoodie. I set my tea on the edge of the tub, knowing it would warm me from the inside out. I stuck one foot in the tub and then stood there--it was a painful shocking sensation- as if I stepped barefoot into a snowbank. I pulled my other foot off of the floor and went to submerge it but I just couldn't. I just stood there balanced on one foot like a flamingo. Every time I went to put my foot into the water it was if it had a mind of its own--there was no way it was going in. I probably could have stood in that position for hours, but let's face it, I had just run 13 miles (14 if you include the mile we ran just to get to the start line) and there was no way I could balance like that forever. Finally I gave in and stood with both feet in the cold, cold water. I thought about frostbite, and stupidity and the fact that I was an idiot for trying. I stood there for about five minutes when I finally became brave enough to sit....
Let me just say, I’d — I would be happy to have the Mitt Romney flat tax for every American to pay at that rate, and I haven’t complained about the rate he pays.
Truly, these are kings among men.
-Chicken breast/steak/tornado’s etc with sauted broccoli and carrots, or a stir fry of mainly veg and chicken. I do cook up some carbs (rice, pasta etc) for the rest of the family, and if I do decide to have some I have very little.
Ballet/Violin
The USA 'aint doing badly either, by the way. This is, of course good news for those that are in the business of making and selling beer (especially those in China) but it also suggests that the other shoe might fall as the emerging economies become high-income economies and switch their drinking habits to wine and spirits.
The moral of the story? Next time you're really in it for the beauty and you get that tap on the shoulder from the giant electric hand of god, try not announcing how spiritual you are to your horrified other, just 'be' in that space and come to terms with the value of your own direct experience. Keep it a secret that you can express only in anonymous good deeds.
Oh my gosh.. its May 3rd already!
in the overwhelmed.
*I am sure I should go make them read the Bible now or something to offset my my lack of good parenting.
That is where my heart thrives ~
3/4 cup of Butter Scotch Chips
This book was even better than her last one! (50 Harbor Street). 6 Rainier is Book #6 in Debbie Macomber's Cedar Cove Series. There was a great twist at the end of this book and then the tease for her next book. I like this series because the books are easy reads, the plot keeps me turning the pages and I don't get tired of cheesiness and over dramatization.The books are about folks that live in Cedar Cove, Washington. It coves their lives as they face tragedy, family difficulties and family triumph. I look forward to reading the next one!
During this full on information blitz in particular, you are often exposed to a lot of information. Far too often we easily lose sight of what tasty tidbits of information/advice are most important and helpful to us.
'finished' and I've done enough.......
In addition to being "back" to blogging, I am back to running! Yep, yep, yep! After over 6 months, or was it 7 months, of refraining from running and exercising in hopes that my hip would heal and I would be pain free, I finally decided enough was enough. I greatly disliked not incorporating any type of exercise into my life. I became a slug. A couch potato. My body shape DRAMATICALLY changed and not in a good way! Boo to the stomach pooch and the undefined muscles. Boo to the clothes that no longer fit. Boo to feeling healthy. I finally had enough. Is my hip completely pain free? No. But I am taking it easy, stretching, mixing up running with other types of cardio, and just enjoying getting out there. Aiming for PRs (personal records) are not in my vocabulary for this running season. Rather, it is all about getting out there, crossing the start line and crossing the finish line.
She loved the Lord.
The Grid
Being petite isn’t fun. Plain and simple. Its more money. Its time and patience. Being 5’0 tall has its perks, but when it comes to fashion it can be a hassle. Maxi dresses clearly were not made for short people like myself. Last summer, I tried on a beautiful purple maxi dress in Macy’s. It looked something like this.
Jakob Magnússon and Guðmundur joined Bubbi Morthens to play in Das Kapital until 1985, then Jakob followed up with Bubbi & MX-21, and worked as a session player for several artists. In 2003 he released his first solo album, Bassajól. After playing in Das Kapital, Guðmundur withdrew from the music scene.After leaving the band, Eyþór Arnalds studied cello and continued with the band Todmobile and later joined singer Móa Julíusdóttir to form a band called Bong which achieved relative success in Iceland and England. He has released a few solo albums and then collaborated with Móa’s debut album Universal in 1998 and has worked in the Icelandic music industry as sound engineer. More recently, he got involved in politics running for mayor in the town of Árborg.Eyjólfur Jóhannsson continued playing with bands like Dá, The Wunderfoolzs, and in 2002 joined S.S.Sól. Oddur joined a heavy metal band called Foringjarnir, and he became an electrician. More recently he followed up with another band called Santiago releasing an album in 2002.
Ignite in us your flame
her skirt
but it is my routine
Conclusion
Hi, hello. Nice to be back. You mean writing-wise, or just generally in the life? Writing-wise, it's been all about short stories for the last few years. But I see I'll be talking about that below. Erm, what else... I did a lot of readings for Even The Dogs. I was shortlisted - twice - for the BBC National Short Story Award, and came
The following I found in the Complete Tales & Poems of Edgar Allan Poe. This is his preface to the section of his poetry. What a magical command of English the man had. He is an element of inspiration for me.
and removal of miscellaneous brackets and braces.
Sitting in a giant swell whist mountains of water crash past you is fucking exciting. I'm not that good a surfer. I'm a good swimmer, comfortable swimming around in it but only a weekend warrior when it comes to negotiating the surf with a 1.7m pointy fiberglass board with blades (three of them for good measure). I caught some good ones, got smashed and rag-dolled through the washing machine a few times. I judged that my bigger 'fun board' was too big to duck dive easily in this swell and I needed to be sure I could get under the waves - the tradeoff is that as you select a smaller shorter board they are slower to paddle and when you try to catch a wave you have to be exactly in the right spot (you can't paddle in or out as fast to be in the right place) and you tend to end up higher on the face before you have the speed to 'pop' (i.e. stand). You do not want to be up high on the lip of a wave tied to a fiberglass block resplendent with points and blades as the wave breaks or it will throw you forward and you will get to experience water in a whole new way. Shorter boards are also less forgiving about body position on take off and if you are too far forward they will nose dive, catapulting you forward into the abyss only to be met by the lip as is crashes down and aquatints you with the bottom before it surges you around a few times. But short boards move over the water more nimbly once you are up and running.
Lyn was next to arrive with a really lovely 'cupcake' card. Very clever touch to make the icing from felt and carefully sew seed beads on as 'sprinkles' too. A lot of work went into this card Lyn, and the result is great - hope the duster brush arrived OK and that you're now 'pouncing onto the ink pad' with it and dusting away! Cupcakes are always super on cards and this one is no exception :)
City of Shame by Rachel Brooke
Live each day as if it were the last day of your life, because so far, it is-
Laurelwood will also be bottling the Hooligan Brown Ale just in time for our local Football club's inaugural MLS season (that's the Portland Timbers in case you've been under a rock). Other new bottles to look for this coming year are the Organic Pale Ale and Stingy Jack Pumpkin Ale.
*don’t be bothered by this. it works. really.
I didn't pick up on this so had to bake them in the same tray
That is not to say I don't make my best best effort to pass every day but April is now who I am and that is how I live my life every day.
My sex jumps, pulses
A morning email from a friend in Idaho talks of watching the debates and I think about the level of incivility that has invaded politics, and I feel sad that these people are all auditioning for a “leadership” role. What is the real world and what is the dream? Sometimes it seems so backward. So I hold close to the whisper of a feeling, attached to the last thought of the dream and the first thought of the day: “remember the fidelity of kindness.”
It still seemed to be Autumn a couple of weeks ago, and now we've been plunged into the icy chill of Winter, although happily a sunny, blue-skied one. Here's a few photos from a couple of weekends ago:
Victorian bride
so here we go
Anyhoo, he finally decided that a pellet stove was what we needed. He had me look them up online and compare their prices and ratings. He talked to everyone he knew who had one - they all love theirs - and he measured over and over again to figure out the best place to install it. Finally, he called a few stove shops and had them come out to give us estimates.
"The details are just details. And the story is always the same: the younger woman idolizes the older woman; she stalks her; the older woman takes her up; the younger woman finds out the older woman is only human; the story ends.
4 small boxes (3 oz. each) of Jell-O or store brand "gelatin dessert" in different colors. (I used strawberry, lime, orange and blue. My store only sells the big 6 oz. box of blue jello so I weighed 3 oz. or half of the package).
The chart shows the handful of pins needed by the Pentium III in 2000 to more than 2000 pins for the 6-processor Intel Core i7-3960x in 2011. (I think Wegener’s graph has swapped the red and blue curve colors. The red curve seems to match the bandwidth scale and the blue curve seems to match the pin count scale.)
Strangely deleted and never reissued, this was the band reaching their peak when it came to recording an album. The early singles were superior work, and I always found the first two albums a tad fiddly and unnecessary in places. The importance of a good producer is also evident when comparing the Y Records release with this, the Arista (RCA distributed at the time) release. Paul Groucho Smykle has coated everything in a smooth adhesive-like production which bonds ten very different tracks into a highly cohesive and enjoyable listen. It is funky in all the right places, soft and gentle in others, the lyrics as always mean little with Carl Marsh and Barry Andrews sharing the vocal roles with great effect.
And that thy love we weighing worthily,
p89 “This eternal return reveals an ontology uncontaminated by time and becoming.”
I absolutely love pasta. It takes me back to high school when we had pasta parties before our soccer games. A different player’s family would host all of us soccer girls at their house with pounds upon pounds of pasta. Then it was usually marinara and alfredo and sometimes the special lasagna but last night for dinner I could my parents and I something different – Spicy Peanut Butter Noodles, giving the noodles a different flare. Not to mention I love peanut butter so why not pair with another favorite. This dish was simple to make – I came in the door at 6:15 and by 6:50 we all were eating – including majority of the dishes being washed too (: The boiling of the water is what took the longest – otherwise it comes together pretty quickly!
After our hike we stopped for lunch and then hit the road. We had just gotten into the Phoenix city limits when Athletica realized she didn’t have her purse. I pulled into a gas station parking lot and we searched for it. No, it wasn’t there. I called the restaurant in Sedona and sure enough they had it. I put some more gas into the car and turned north back onto the I-17. We headed back to Sedona. The staff recognized us from a few hours earlier. We decided to stay for some warm sopapillas and honey before heading home. We ended up missing the Superbowl and all the illustrious commercials but all in all, I would not have changed a single thing about this past weekend. When we left Sedona, the almost full moon illuminated the giant rocks below. There is no show that can compare. The adventure continues.
(To be declared in a loud voice, accompanied by small harp or ukulele)
Tip: Try for the toothpick to pierce the middle bottom of the cupcake. If the toothpick sticks out the cupcake top, remove the cupcake and push the toothpick farther into the foam. You want a good toothpick/foam/cupcake ratio. You’ll get the idea.
Scott eventually left The Feel and went on to play in The Orbits, and later, The Shivvers. By mid-1979, Martin, Greg and Jim had come to their own as The Baxters, a well-rehearsed trio. After placing second at a State Fair Battle Of The Bands competition in West Allis, they made their debut at popular punk club, Zak’s, on New Years Eve alongside The Haskels.
Letter from Prisoner in Protective Custody, Leschek Jankowski
“I love this farm, and they’re good to share it with me. There’s only one problem.”
4 walls
That sort of passage may look easy enough to write. It is not. It requires an absolutely secure understanding not only of one part of the whisky world, but of its entire extent. Broom has that, and, in the few areas where he is not completely sure of his ground, he has had the good sense to look to others that do. The Canadian and Central Europe sections, for instance, were written with the expert help of Davin de Kergommeaux and Bernhard Schafer, respectively, and both are really enlightening reads. I also found the "Flavor Camp" classifications and the lists at the back of the book extremely useful, allowing the reader to cross-reference, for instance, "fruity and spicy" or "smoky and peaty" whiskies from across the world.
The total sale is expected to bring in around €1 million.
Ann Lamott's Bird by Bird -- This is the very first book I ever read on writing that wasn't assigned to me in a classroom. And I return to it again and again, for inspiration, for comfort, for new ways to look at this crazy thing that we all do called writing. The title of the book explains how to tackle the seemingly impossible task of writing a book. It came from some advice that Ann Lamott's younger brother received from their father when he was doing a book report on birds and it seemed overwhelming. He told her little brother to "just take it bird by bird." Read it. Today!
a house to keep...
Print on card stock.
I'll share with you how to make a vinyl easy wipe-off bib.
Brash, boastful, brattish, and supposedly cool.
So what do you think? Is Parc de Bagatelle worth another afternoon? :)
Since she had been issued with a Blackberry, Kurt and I had got used to receiving e-mails sent at midnight or later.
So, here goes nothing.
“Overcoming the entitlement mentality of the boomers can be very difficult, but I find that connection comes from leading them to the understanding that the glory days of entitlement growth in this country are over and they need to be prepared to take care of themselves.”
The power of this mythology is also such that the critical documents of America’s founding – the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights – sit in my mind in much the same way as they do in the National Archives: side by side. These are some of the narrative high points of America’s founding myth and their cohesion within this myth make it difficult to remember that the Declaration and the Constitution were separated by 11 years and the Bill of Rights was added another four years after that. I often forget that the Constitution was at least a second try at forming a functional government and, even after its ratification, was by no means a guaranteed success. These complications don’t fit into the narrative thread that I originally learned.
Rosenfeld writes: “42 years ago, National Guardsman opened fire on anti-Vietnam protesters at Ohio’s Kent State University, killing four students. Ten days later, Mississippi police fired on civil rights protesters taking refuge in a women’s dormitory at Jackson State University and killed two more students.”
This is an opportunity for the chemistry community to discuss the challenges of sustainable development and consider what we might do differently to increase the impact of chemistry in achieving development goals. We will be focussing onto three broad questions:
1) First up, spokescharacters on TV and Spam’s ‘Sir Can-A-Lot.’ Yes, spam’s agency has rolled out a spokescharacter to celebrate 75 years and its name is ‘Sir Can-A-Lot’ http://bit.ly/zCMgjS.
My first submission is based on a photograph I must have taken some time back in the 1970s. It was in a Bingo Hall in, I think, Bridlington. I pointed the camera into the arcade and took a photograph in the hope that something interesting might emerge when I developed the film. Nothing must have emerged because, as far as I can remember, I never made a print from the negative. But now, when I scan it, I see a woman who has turned away from her bingo game to see what kind of person wastes good film on such a scene. And there is something about her stance, something about her look, something about her enigmatic eyes which makes me want to take her out of her context and discover her anew. It's a silly game, I know, but it keeps me amused during the cold winter months.
You can send me letters if you like to. But I’m not sure if they arrive that fast…No, seriously, the easiest way to stay in touch with me is subscribing to my YouTube channel. Feel free to follow me on Facebook and Twitter as well! See you there, take care!
Taking this route to Tok added 600 more miles to our journey, compared to going to Chicken and then down to Tok. But the upside to this situation was that we got to drive alongside the beautiful Kluane National Park - something we otherwise would not have done. But, I'm getting ahead of things a bit.
He said the deal selling off Beacon's assets was the best result, but it proved more complicated and expensive than a simple liquidation.
I've had several recipes in the top 5 or 10 over the years, but the fun of contests for me is simply the challenge of creating a new, original recipe, using specific ingredients. Often there are ingredients I wouldn't normally pair up that turn out surprisingly good. I was delighted to see my omelet in the number one spot this round, but especially surprised when it stayed there and took home the first place win! I'd like to share the slightly revised recipe. After all the reviews were in I took the main suggestion to saute the onion and zucchini before adding to the egg mixture. This is probably something I would have done anyway, had I considered what I was doing contest-worthy, and not just a way to use up the ingredients and quiet the natives. Feel free to substitute white onion for the purple, reduce the number of eggs, and even add some garlic, if desired. Enjoy!
Taylor (4 years 6 months): Grandpa and Taylor were walking too closely to the bison enclosure in Iowa’s Hickory Hills Park. At one point, the largest of the animals was actually touching the fence. Without warning, the huge animal swung its head, stretching the wire netting and knocking Taylor into the air and several feet away into leaves. Said she, getting up and brushing herself off, “That buffalo’s in big trouble!” (#469)
When the previous great depression hit America, Hoover sat idly while millions suffered, waiting for “the market” to eventually sort things out. FDR actually did something — he created jobs through programs like the WPA and CCC. The suffering was ameliorated, while the workers’ paychecks helped spur more economic growth. And some very useful things got built, too — roads, bridges, national parks.
Off the the ER we went. Her vitals were good. No shunt malfunctions and no sign of pneumonia...we were discharged by 5pm...
Companies in the U.S. added fewer workers than forecast in May, a sign that job growth is struggling to gain momentum, data from a private report based on payrolls showed today.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas — Anthony Bartee remains in limbo as a federal appeals court mulls over a challenge of a court order delaying his execution tonight.
he'd seen the other world
Here's how you can participate:
so They are annoying for me who always stayed so cool(maybe I was at a defiant age) lol
Much love and life to you today!
Since I’m not sure I believe in God, I’m not sure where I was going with this when I began. So I’ll stop as abruptly as I started. The inner world of my memory is not an absolutely private space. That’s where I was headed. All of those decisions I’ve made by default (even not eating beef and losing 55 pounds) are not private. They involve a host of other people. Does that mean God? Stay tuned. More will be revealed.
It really is that simple. Wish to lean out? Each day, eat at least a gram of protein per pound of your bodyweight from primarily meat sources, be generous with your vegetable intake, keep fruit and nut consumption to a minimum, and eat starchier carbohydrates at appropriate times (including post-workout and re-feed days; see ”4 weeks to Fabulous” post below). The meat intake should take care of most of your fat needs.
“Ninety-five,” Kat called out from the doorway. “Already charged to your card.”
This was done, and when at length the sun, which had been clouded over, began to shine, a great fire blazed up, so that everyone marveled.
The ink that came with this system is excellent and in immediate casual comparison I decided to place a small pen mark on the rear side of the non-OEM versions of the photos.
Discover a new way. A better way.
HOT!!! HOT!!! HOT!!!
04. Hanky Panky 1:53
Sadly, the CW and I ignored all three.
Now the taste...oh my that's where the fun begins. I tasted a pleasant caramel flavor along with toffee and chocolate. This combination of delicious flavors made for a very enjoyable experience. There was also an alcohol flavor present while drinking, but mostly in the background and I could definitely tell I was drinking something very strong. World Wide Stout was also very smooth going down.
Go check it out and leave a comment over there if you have any other questions you think would be good to add to the list or revisions to any of the answers:) This is by no means meant to be exhaustive, but rather a place people can go to get general information based on what we have seen from our own experience and others around us.
Here in Illinois the future (and present) High School distance running looks great as usual. Lukas Verzbicas (who I mentioned back in an XC blog) just made the nation take notice after his double (2 mile/5K ) win at Nike Indoor Nationals. The Lincoln Way (New Lenox, IL) freshman set a new US High School record in the 5000 meters of 14:18.42 beating the short lived 14:22 US Record that Soloman Haile had just set at NSIC hours before. He smashed the 14:29 Brad Hudson mark (that prior to Haile's 14:22) had stood for 25 years. He also won the 2-mile in 8:57.44 a couple days later. Not bad for a kid who had his XC season end prematurely with an injury.
U.S. News & World Report speculated that Google was in town to appeal to federal policymakers, and possibly take them for joyrides in one of the company’s self-driving Prius hybrids. The outlet also noted that Google has racked up a reported $5 million legislative lobbying tab in the first quarter of 2012 alone – more contributed to candidates’ coffers in the same time period than Apple, Facebook and Microsoft combined.
A few weeks ago I was asked by Tabitha Alterman, the Mother Earth News and Natural Home & Garden food and gardening editor, to write a blog for their website. So, I asked myself if I had the time or motivation to do two blogs, and decided that I didn't. But ... I'm doing it anyway!
of the deep deep waters
My sturdy desktop, however, is not yet wireless. The 24 hour Failstra connection guru tells me that I need some sort of adapter for my 3yo outmoded technology ("desktops...do they still exist?"). I find it somewhat amusing that my wireless adapter will be coming via snail mail and not arriving in the fireplace in a puff of green smoke.
"Base officials have said that any community the size of the base is bound to have its problems and that its reputation has been tarred by 'a small number of highly visible but isolated episodes' that don't accurately reflect the remarkable accomplishments of its service members, including their work overseas and the creation of programs to support retiring soldiers."First, reducing the number of deployable forces is not going to solve a thing. If post traumatic stress is the problem, throwing these poor men back into combat is like chumming shark infested waters. It's as if they want to make a bad situation worse.
she wades on stilts
Me: He is alive! God raised Him from the dead. He died for our sins so that His perfect blood could save us. He rose from the dead so that we could have new life. Isn’t that the most wonderful story ever?
Please click the above link, YouTube has a few videos…i am still looking for the film that i watched on tuesday eve that the protesters using a little toy car as a battering ram against the police with riot shields…i found it quite funny, the police’s response to the oncoming mob with the little pink car was to retreat but batoning the car as the retreated.
See you tomorrow
These exposures include expanded Employment Practices Liability Insurance for workplace bullying and violations of the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, which prohibits the use of genetic information in employment and health insurance.
Thence to console myself at piquet and decadence. Viz. Where at the former I appear to have won a great deal of money. The act of winning this sum thus occasioned another player and jealous rapscallion to accuse me of cheating. It being my firm and unalterable belief to uphold my honour in such venerable company as Lord and Lady Sprignell, I thus called him out. The dispute to be settled the following (this) a.m.
That Hope and Innocence, feel Rebirth in Your Bond.
I thought the channel is playing some remixed version as the lyrics were very much superimposed by the music. But it said “Exclusive: Ragini MMS”. The very first thing that came in my mind was that Bappi da (Bappi Lahri) must have composed the song and yes, he is back with bang of popularity. Today out of curiosity, i searched the net and to all my surprise the song indeed is a remix version taken in this movie. The song is from the 1995 movie “Rock Dancer” and ofcourse the music was composed by none other than Bappi da!!!
be back in like 25 minutes
So many of you and me have been struggling with issues and personal or medical problems.But Easter is a time for Rejoice.Just lay your troubles at the old rugged cross and he will see you through....John 3:16 For God so Loved the world that he gave his only begotten son..Rejoice and Bee Blessed!~Amy
Maytime (US…Norman Z.Leonard)
I have decided to start all grain homebrewing. I want to take total control of the brewing process from malted grain to drinkable beer. I have already started to build my mash tun but I am building inept so this should be interesting. I am going to a homebrew shop in LA on Saturday that sells the parts in a package designed to fit a cooler so I may just buy that rather then struggle to make something that may not work.
MS punches
But no one knows how to celebrate women like those good old boys down in Georgia where, regardless of any medical complications, after 20 weeks a woman would be required to carry a pregnancy to term because really… women aren’t all that much different than farm animals.
These days already blur together. I know we shopped, went to the ALERT Leprosy Hospital, and told the boys at Kolfe goodbye. I also know that on Thursday night, I was awake until midnight or 1:00AM. I was anxious to get back home to my normal routine, but was so so sad to leave Ethiopia. I went out on the balcony at the guest house and just sat. Breathing the air, watching the activity on the streets. I have never been sadder to leave than I was on this trip.
I would say that living through depression and heartache taught me a huge lesson. It taught me that I was wonderful all on my own. I didn't need anyone to make me that way. It taught me that I'm strong enough to take care of myself. It taught me that I can do anything if I put my mind to it. I think that's a huge lesson to learn. I think too many girls think they need a man (or woman?) to complete them. I complete myself and Hubs and my kiddos are just added in for nutritional value. LOL! ;) (I love my kids to death, fyi)
Bril = Brilliant = Something that is good but probably not worth the use of the world brilliant for example: This bar of chocolate is brilliant or I had a brilliant time sitting and watching T.V.
1. Someone's drinking is causing problems at home and a husband/wife/mom/dad doesn't want to put up with them anymore, so they drop them off, stick around for an hour or so, and then head home, saying they won't take them back tonight. Disposition: Detox.
Web: Use the Google Earth plug-in to explore a 3D globe with Earth view in Google Maps and on sites across the web.
Life certainly can be ironic. Or come full circle. You know, like a bead. On January 2 of this year, the last day of winter break for my kids, I took my daughter Annie to JoAnne's to buy some fabric. She was using gift cards she'd received for the holidays to buy fabric because she wanted to make bags for Beads of Courage, a program that I love to support. Beads of Courage provides beads for children who are dealing with serious illnesses - different beads are assigned to various treatments. As you can imagine, some of these little fighters have multiple strands that are filled with all kinds of beads. So Beads of Courage not only depends on artists to create beads for the program, but it also relies on volunteers to make special bead bags for the kids. Annie, who loves to sew, had wanted to make these bags for a long time. So that's how we found ourselves at JoAnne's, picking out some fun fabrics on January 2.
througharound
What did I miss on the internets while I was gone?
2.) Do you look up to any artists or get inspiration from an anyone?
PAUL: Well, it’s a tragedy because this is a consequence of the government being involved in medicine since 1965.
We use all 4 of our guestrooms for ministry and entertaining so I don't feel like I can take over one whole room. But one room has a huge quadruple door area and am hoping I can make it work!
Other scores
174 ***1. Introduction of Harry V. Jaffa, for “A Conversation with Harry V. Jaffa at Rosary College, December 4, 1980.” Newsletter, Politics Department, The University of Dallas, Spring 1981, pp. 1-4; Claremont Review of Books, December 1981, pp. 5-6; Jaffa,
The threat to our nation, to our Constitution, is not from enemies foreign – the threat is from enemies DOMESTIC. Elected politicians who whore for the bankers and corporate elites – they are the real threat to our way of life. They are the ones who want to take our freedoms. These are the real enemy of the state, not some guy living in a cave in Pakistan.
Peredur nodded. He stayed as he was and watched the saint expire before his eyes. All the while his angel never took his hand from Peredur’s shoulder.
Sometimes, like my three toddler grandchildren, we need to be reminded to use the skills we are gaining. Frustration and whining decreased when they learned the signs for milk, please and thank you. Now they are starting to talk, and the oldest one is being actively taught to use kind words by her parents who have instituted a time of blessing every day. Even the 18 month old is learning to say, “Nice, smart, kind, strong.”
On our way home from the coast, Mr. Petals and I stopped at the nursery so I could buy hanging flower baskets, one for the hummingbirds and honey bees and a few for the front porch for curb appeal. Within five minutes after we'd arrived home, and I was hanging the flower baskets, and I was drawn up short by the absolute beauty of my surroundings.
As my GB has grown older our roles have reversed. The grunts of adolescence have been exchanged for lively conversation, genuine interest and concern for my well being. Those frustrating days when his favourite response, 'good', 'fine' and the multi purpose 'ok' - which really meant ' don't ask me anymore', 'don't mention it again', 'I get it' and 'are you ever going to stop asking me this' - are over. I never thought I would see the day when we could have lengthy chats about all and nothing. I am less protective and more confident that he can fight his own battles and make the right decisions. I see myself asking for his opinion and valuing his answers; I can even imagine, in the not too distant future, seeking his wise counsel. The little boy who needed looking after is now the one watching out for his mother.
Good thing we invested in a steam cleaner, one of the few things I can thank landlording for.
Any reference to genocide, in the South African context, should thus rightly be called, “The South African Genocide of Europeans”. Overdramatic emphasis on the term “Boer Genocide” and the statistics associated with it, is not only confusing the whole issue, but it is also, to a certain degree, obscuring the full-blown enormity of the Genocide currently taking place. This was one of the reasons why I removed the graphic stats on this blog pertaining to the number of victims of the South African Genocide, as it does not reflect the true figures.
Alicia also ended the episode on a threshold: deciding whether to get in her car and go home alone or stay at her old family home and have pizza with her husband and the kids.
He arose! He arose!
I saw an opportunity to utilize their little hands and roped in the kids to help complete the bottle walls. Giving clear instructions to them, the Mantanani children - led by Idham, Fadli and little Epot formed a mini crew of bottle outsourcers, bottle washers and bottle stuffers - as we systematically filled up the walls with plastic bottles that had been found on the beach and collected by the volunteers at Camp Mantanani.
I promise I'll always take care of you.
Is it the sudden strange heatwave sweeping across Massachusetts that has our feathers ruffled or are we both restless writers, itching for pen to page action? Tell me writers of the blogging world and onward–do you get this way? Suddenly nervous that your chance to make yourself known as an author is painfully, slowly, being wretched from your grasping fingers?
Criminal Justice & Film Colloquium.
melu103103@yahoo.com
such is the soul
It’s quite a feat. We have the best spooky set-up possible (short of the story taking place in an abandoned, haunted mansion) and the story generates no tension, no fear, no sense of unease. While everyone is trying to find a place to hide (the Doctor’s theory is that the siren is traveling via the water that on board the ship) and allegedly afraid (you know this because they’re screaming and running and not because you feel any real tension), the Doctor and pirate Captain Avery trade barbs about who’s in charge and who’s ship is bigger.
After studying the draught beer menu:
as we breath deeply:
Very little changes in life, I find.
1 enlarged
When we exited the cathedral the sky was blue and the rain had stopped. The drive to our next destination, Stonehenge, was beautiful to say the least. When we were within eyesight of Stonehenge we were surprised at its remoteness. To be honest, it is a relief this historical site has been protected from commercialism, but the entrance price sure was high. Also, when Ryan was researching for this trip he stumble upon another monolithic site called Woodhenge, which is located a couple miles from its bigger brother. It was not nearly as spectacular to experience, but interesting none the less. Anyway, from the henges we drove to Bath just in time to eat before our free city tour. It was a night walking tour of downtown Bath and environs that was so amazing. After our tour we were excited to get some rest.
“Do not fear, my child,”
So what does that mean to us for our daily lives? Well, in Puerto Rico it was easy for people to realize that we cared about them because it was obvious we weren’t from there and we had traveled to be there to help them. While at home we probably don’t stick out very much, we do have another advantage. The advantage is that we don’t just have six days with people. We have the opportunity to be by people and walk life out with them. I encourage you today, remember you don’t have to travel to make a difference; you don’t have to go on a special “mission trip” to make a difference. Every day is a mission trip if you allow it to be. When we walk in the Holy Spirit we can make a difference no matter where we are at. There certainly is never a shortage of people that need someone to care for them. We just have to go, and be there for them. Whether going means going to Puerto Rico, “going” to your campus, or “going” to your job. Show them you care, someone, somewhere, somehow.
Now, my Topps Chrome 2011 needs/available list.
First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you’ve been to college.
the U.S. ground troops were
And I have a slight obsession with ruffles, yet my machine won't ruffle fabric on it's own so frustration sometimes runs high.
Assistant Chief Constable Terry Sweeney said: “Greater Manchester Police, in conjunction with its partners and communities, is aware of the tensions in the borough that have come about because of an ongoing court case in Liverpool.
Before I show you my project, here is the list of hoppers today **Note - Hop Starts at 8 AM CST**
"It's always a bloody Friday afternoon, isn't it? And it's always when it's bloody raining isn't it?"
Acts 17:24
Slowing the heartbeat of what used to be
Embrace is a fast paced, heart pounding, magical story. I haven’t read many books that center around witches especially male witches but I can tell you that I want to read more of them now.
Barley*
Copy the code in the upper left corner to share! Paste it as a HTML code on your side bar.
Gabby, God’s Little Angel, flies to the rescue as Sophie attempts to help others but has a little trouble sticking with things. Sophie tries to be helpful by washing the family dog for her mom, but she gives up when she’s the one who ends up all wet. She then tries to be kind by reading to her little brother, but he has plans of his own, which include a splash of cereal right in Sophie’s face! When Sophie is ready to quit once again, it’s up to Gabby to encourage her to keep trying and to teach her what the Bible says about perseverance: “We must not become tired of doing good. We will receive our harvest of eternal life at the right time if we do not give up.” (Galatians 6:9 NCV)
What's your favorite recipe? This bread is actually! It was my first baking recipe that I made my own
Fact is: all this green is very much needed. More so: the green can make it perfectly without us, but it just won’t work the other way. Some people seem to be more aware of that than others.
Except now.
Rush Hour Jr.- We first started playing this at the gelato place. We quickly realized it was much less expensive to just by the game, rather than go to the gelato place to play it :) We have almost gone through the entire deck of puzzles. We love this game.
It was bizarre and unsettling to watch. I was the only photographer there. For awhile, nobody took much notice of me. I guess they were too caught up in the moment. In Afghanistan and other conflict areas where I have worked, I have learned from my colleagues how to gauge how long I should stay in risky areas. In this case, I had no barometer, no one to ask, just my own intuition to go on.
email me =) and we'll help each other get to the top
Why do you create?
I wrote a couple of shorts for competitions that might raise my profile.
… remind the people of Jerusalem of their disgusting sins and tell them that I … am saying: Jerusalem, you were born in the country where Canaanites lived. Your father was an Amorite, and your mother was a Hittite. When you were born, no one cut you loose from your mother or washed your body. No one rubbed your skin with salt and olive oil, and wrapped you in warm blankets. Not one person loved you enough to do any of these things, and no one even felt sorry for you. You were despised, thrown into a field, and forgotten. I saw you lying there, rolling around in your own blood, and I couldn’t let you die. I took care of you, like someone caring for a tender, young plant. You grew up to be a beautiful young woman with perfect breasts and long hair, but you were still naked.
Yes, I could have added it to any random Amazon.ca order, but I always forgot to do so when I was ordering books from the site…I really ought to write things down.
For more info about this giveaway, just click on the banner located on my sidebar.
When I used to come to New York to visit Josh, I thought people must be crazy to go to movies with all of these amazing and wonderful experiences to be had. “Why in the world are there so many movie theaters in this city?” I would ask myself as I passed dozens in one weekend. Now that I live here, however, I find that going to a movie every once in a while makes me feel at home. After all, that was the hottest date spot/hang out/pre-teen gossip/better not get left out place ever.
for when comes the telling
Even if we don’t know who wrote Hebrews it is still clearly quite accurate and consistent with the rest of the bible. But since you have disqualified Hebrews since the Author is ambiguous here are some other places in scripture where the change between the Old and new Covenant is mentioned in Galatians 3:24-25, 5:18; Romans 6:14 and 10:4. When Jesus told the disciples to obey the laws in the old testament he meant that they should follow the authorities of the law at that time, which were the pharisees. As for the Old Covenant, it wasn’t a matter of the Covenant being flawed. It was flawless. The problem was…we weren’t we were still flawed. And again this Covenant wasn’t with the human race as a whole, only with the Israelites, his sole chosen people at the time. He made the New Covenant so he could save not only the Israelites, but the whole of humanity because he loves us that much. And yes to a degree the Law was flawed for the purpose God wanted it to fulfill, which changed from getting his people, the Israelites, to follow him to saving the entire human race from their own sin. And God didn’t create Hell, we did. Hell isn’t so much a place as much as it is a state of being in eternal separation from God. And our choice to sin separates us from God thus creating Hell. As for actual Historical evidence for the bible, the bible has been proven and tested many times to be the most historically accurate book ever written. The only other piece of written literature that even comes close is the Iliad. As a matter of fact that is the biggest thing that separates the bible from the other “Holy Books” as you call them. The Bible is unbelievably accurate both historically and prophetically. The other “Holy Books” are no where close to it. Even Homer fell short. Here are a few examples of the bibles historical accuracy:
I won't know total downloads through the Apple store before next quarter, so maybe mid- to late-January I'll have those figures.
Paola sent the Dazzlers way too many things to include on one card... yes! I do have lots of leftovers! There were images, sentiments, quotes, butterflies, flowers, beads, belt buckles, ribbon, etc., etc. It was such a fun assortment! THANK YOU, PAOLA!!! You and Judy did a fabulous job with this month's duel!
1 box spring encasement
Also, the ending of the novel – which should explain the reasons for what characters go through – just didn’t explain anything, in my opinion. I truly didn’t understand why ‘Peter’ and the others had to do what they did, since there’s no explanation for it.
Merry Christmas! I hope you all enjoyed the weekend with your friends and family! We were full of blessings this year and I just wanted to share some of our celebrating with you!
Our friend Hugh Crawford collated Jamie Livingston’s photos and put them online. It is retroactive blog: a slow motion trip from the punk era New York, into the boom President Reagan 80s thru crack cocaine to Mayor Guiliani’s New York through the personal photographs of one man.
This painting sat unresolved in my studio for many months. I just didn't know how to finish it. I finally decided to approach it the same way I did my recent bird paintings. See the April, 24 2011 post to see it "before".
7 oz jar Marshmallow Fluff
Two challenges helped me pull it all together and I ended up with a Valentine's Day card for hubby.
I will not be afraid, Lord,
This spot in the fortnight could be your's - yes that's right it's our Guest DT spot that is one of the prizes on offer... the winner from this fortnight gets to join us in June for challenge #47...
More on all of this later. The girls are fighting over the toilet (seriously)! Just wanted to finally end my silent streak and say HI!
1. The J.P. Ryan Jacket pattern. I've made this pattern so many times I've lost count. I've altered it to make late period jackets like a peirrot, I've made long sleeves, short sleeves, sleeves with cuffs and sleeves with flounces. I've made plain versions out of linen and fancy embroidered silk ones.
The Game of Life
Everywhere people are smiling, relaxed and happy. The sea, the beach, the warm sunshine do this to people the world over. I splash through the water as I go for a walk, the sand firm and flat and easy to walk on without watching where you are going. A light sea breeze skims across the water and flutters umbrellas and tents, as well as t-shirts and dresses. The silver light dances and sparkles on the surface, almost glassy, between the breezes.
High Bought In: 0
Organic milk has been found to contain up to 70% more Omega-3 oils than ordinary milk; helping the brain to function at optimal efficiency.
I don't remember much of mile 12. I do remember, however, that as we approached the stadium and knew I was going to finish in under 2 hours I had to remind myself to breathe. We surprised Jason and Steven as we rounded the third-to-last corner and Jason sprinted ahead to get one last photo of us.
Hagman
From as far back as I can remember up until about 1980, Saturday mornings were always the same.
Companies not actively engaging are missing a huge opportunity and are saying something to consumers —intentionally or unintentionally — about how willing they are to engage on consumers’ terms.[2]
Like a bad case of tinnitus it NEVER stops.
It was a stepping stone in my life...one of many...that made it easy to help inspire people to be more creative and I am grateful to everyone who was involved in it to make it happen. That book has a lot of good energy about it and that is the reason it is still being discussed and leafed through.
They say it's your birthday.....doot n doot n doo doot......... it's my birthday too!
The acting is brilliant. McCoy is unflinchingly cold in his surgical dismissal of Ace, and Aldred is achingly shattered as his words bring her own fears about herself to the surface.
Veterinarian, Helena Colden, has died and left her husband to care for her menagerie of rescued critters. A tortured spirit, she is unable to move past the world she loved. She fears facing the animals which she aided in death and the truth which she hid, even from herself, will be discovered by those she loved most.
I arrived in Indianapolis on Thursday, the day before the festival. The hotel is within walking distance of five other hotels...and nothing else. Well, almost nothing else. I was given a room on the first floor which I didn’t think anything of because I did a quick walkthrough and discovered that it was far enough away from the majority of the action to not be a bother. So then I realize that I hadn’t eaten since a granola bar that morning so I order room service. No answer. Huh. Okay, so I go to the restaurant. No one’s there. Apparently, one needs to be a semaphore to get food in this joint. I go back to my room and try to call room service one more time. No dice.
To be concluded tomorrow…
“We’re not going to cut you off. You’re not going to end up like the Soviet Union, where you have a general who is now suddenly being forced to drive a taxi in London.
2. Working with about ¼ cup portion of the dough on a lightly floured work surface, gently roll the dough into a log about ¼ inch in diameter. Cut the log crosswise into ½-inch pieces and place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough. Cover the gnocchetti loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to cook.
I will now tell you about Bill Ingraham him and two of the stamper boys joined the Sesesh army and was gone some time and their Capt give a false alarm one day & Bill fainted dead enough & they had like not to have brought him too his capt sent him home the two stamper boys got sick and they come back
I typed up and printed out the sentiments on my computer. Then added some white paint dots in the corner and around the frame and covered those with the peach glitter. There is also some glitter in her hair...just enough so she has a little glow.
Tim was forced to eat a giant piece of cake from the winning decorated cake from the timed competition. It was a full sized wedding dress with trail behind.
I can't wait to see the babies in a few weeks!! Yippee!
To confer life upon the living: the dead do come!
Well, yes, it’s a good thing. Except, of course, when it’s a bad thing.
Needless to say, the city council voted unanimously against the proposal. Not much discussion. A lot of yelling and a lot of screaming and the city council said no to the proposition. No sooner had they voted that the back doors of the auditorium were opened and in came Mother Teresa. She was in town for a ceremony dedicating a Sisters of Charity program and she heard about this meeting. She came down the center aisle and everybody gasped as Mother Teresa came to the front, got down on her knees in front of the city council, raised her arms and said, “In the name of Jesus, make room for these children of God! When you reject them, you reject Jesus. When you affirm them, you embrace Jesus.” And then with her arms upraised, five times in a row she said, “Please, please, please, please, please, in the name of God, make room for these people! Make room for them in your neighborhoods.”
Here is the link for what I bought before. 7 beans, but the price is now $7.76. That is still a good price.
This weekend was jam packed with activities. On Friday night I ran home after work to spend some time with Daisy, Catherine's dog, who periodically spends some time at my house. We usually have a good time but it does tend to break her heart that my cats emphatically refuse to play with her. After I spent some time with Daisy I headed down to RJ's Bob-Be-Que Shack to join @sjwaters, @c_giffin and Mary Ann for some famous BBQ and music and to say hey to Twitter_Adverse_Dave. Seriously, they were just on KCPT's Check, Please! and I believe they are due to appear on Diners, Drive in's & Dives soon. They are now famous....and packed with people. Afterwards, we headed to the driveway to drink wine in front of the fire pit.
stricken for the transgression of my people?
HISTORIC PRIORY #2, NORMANDY
“Um, yeah.”
15) Philadelphia Eagles: DT Dontari Poe
Poor internet service in Chico prevented me from posting last night. The days and roads and curves all blur together. We average over 300 miles each day, with hundreds of curves.
Visit Beauty Plus Salon at 2568 Broadway between 96th and 97th St. It's quite close to the 96th St subway station (1, 2, and 3 trains).
But is it?
His attacker then pinned him to the ground and made repeated stabbing motions towards his back, the court heard.
So from now on, I will experiment more, again! Starting today…
Amber Heard and Karl Urban are usually good, but the movie must have been an off-day for them both. Heard looks completely lost, whilst Urban mumbles a lot. Thankfully he has the sort of face that looks intense all the time, naturally elevating his crappy surroundings. There's nothing for either of them to do until Heard gets herself kidnapped too. I won't insult your intelligence by labelling that a spoiler.
that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the
The doll winked at her.
So what does this have to do with clothing? Well, the first staple we talked about is your wide shot. If you have the right suit, all the details we addressed will fade into the background and just give off the presentation of a well-made, well-fitting suit.
And so, each year, Hartford Democrats will raise taxes. Each year, more businesses will either move or fail to locate here to begin with. State revenues will fall, and the call for higher taxes will continue. This is called a “death-spiral”. Ask Detroit, they know all about it.
Hours for the exhibit
Paper was from the DCWV Rustic Stack. I think its pretty by itself. But since I had to put something on it to complete the project I chose a one page layout with the girl cut at 4". Now we don't have to use all the images on the page. But I am having so much fun with it, I couldn't resist. I used Peachy Keen face stamp set PK590. Lamp and steam cut at 1.75", Bottle cut at 2.25" Sand castle cut at 3.25" using the accessorie 3 feature.
FIND YOUR BLISS.
After that my next party will probably be the biggest party of my life. The best bash I have ever thrown. No detail will be overlooked. No expense spared. This will be the Best. Party. Ever. Who is this grand bash for, you ask?
12 engines
ALLENDE ARTS FESTIVAL
We tried using metallic thread but it just ended up white because the gold stripped off the thread as it was being sewn. I think I might need to get 'metallic' needles or something for using metallic thread. In the end, this gold coloured thread looked fine.
Along the top of my so saffron designer series paper I used my scallop border punch and just along the bottom of my card front I decided to add bit of scoring (using my score tool) and some paper piercing. Paper scoring and paper piercing are two great ways to add a little something to your card.
1/2 serrano pepper
for everything that has fallen
Of course, there is always a risk that reviews will be written in bad faith (which is very rare, but does happen) or without a good deal of thought (more common.) But if one writes a book, or a song, or paints a picture, and allows the end product to be made available to the public, one has to accept that not everyone will care for it. Bad reviews can be very hurtful, but there is no escaping them. And the more successful a creative artist is, the more frequent bad reviews are - a paradox, but true, I think.
What is the future of facebook?
This present darkness is here and now. What will you do to be a part of God’s Army?
Eye colour mentions in general: 18
Hope you all remembered to put your clocks forward last night, with the wonderful weather we have been having British Summer time actually makes sense this year. I am going to make the most of the weather and take a trip down to B&Q to get some Wood Stain and Varnish to freshen up the Door Frames and Windows of the house today.
· Nightclub event at LAVO, located inside The Palazzo – all registrants receive complimentary entrance before midnight.
First
Till soon,
Remember: the prize is a full manuscript request. Please, please, please make sure the manuscript you are pitching is completed.
The flower and tree blooms start winking at me. The warmth of the sun gives me hugs. The sweet southern breeze whispers sweet nothingness into my ears. The fresh smell of cut grass starts the dreams for never-ending sunshine. The sights of ice cream cones become more frequent as the sounds of live music and street music cushion the ears. The sound of the laughter and screams of children beckon you to your own playground. Bicyclers smile as they ride towards their destination. The thoughts of fresh foods soon to come leave your mouth watering.
For Christmas Billy and I got the boys two Cozy Trucks for them to play with. They both LOVE the trucks and the boys and I had a good time playing with them outside earlier this week. I just had to share the cute pictures that I got of them while playing. As they were playing and being soooo cute, it reinforced to me how much I love being a mom and how much fun they can be! I am so blessed to have such a wonderful husband and the two cutest, sweetest and loving boys!
Sagittarius is yellow-brown (bordering towards yellow or “saffron”)
"London's a big city Moon, no place for a young whippet with no friends to be. Don't you be getting any big ideas! Lock, stock and two smoking whippets and all that!!"
5. Enforcing Prohibition was a disaster. For every Eliot Ness, for every Mo Smith and Izzy Einstein (pictured here, sharing a legal drink after Repeal), there were a hundred corrupt enforcement agents who signed up for a chance to make bribe money, get away with shooting rivals, or to get inside information on raids for their gangster bosses. Enforcement was underfunded -- often on purpose -- and at times vicious: there was support among some Drys for not labeling wood alcohol as poison, or for simply poisoning all alcohol. And it never stopped more than a minuscule amount of the huge illegal trade in alcohol.
My haul this year is mainly books:-
Last weekend I visited this market for a variety of reasons – including buying some “new” secondhand clothes to revamp my wardrobe. As I wandered through the market I came across these two different petty traders; because each of these individuals had something that I may need at some point, I had a good entry point for an in-depth interaction with each of them, to understand what they do. During my interactions, I observed a huge business potential based on the high number of people who visit Owino market every day. I also realized that for someone to tap into this opportunity, they must have sufficient capital. Most petty traders do not have adequate capital and can not turn to formal financial institutions because they do not meet current requirements to access credit.
We are so proud of your decision to follow Jesus and your growing passion for our Savior! I pray you continue to strive to serve Him each day with your life. I know He has big plans for you! You are already telling us that you want to be a missionary when you grow up! I will continue to pray daily for the wisdom and grace to parent you and support you as you pursue God's vision for your life! Our dear friends, the Mwanda's wrote to you about this verse and reminded us of God's promise from his Word.
The book jumps right into laying out a possible problem that the reader might have and offers specific examples with numbers attached. He poses the modern problem that local businesses face – getting the word out about their products or services. Early on, Roberts poses some very technical questions to put the problem in perspective for the reader. I thought this approach was interesting and he does it in a very small amount of space. There is zero fluff in this book. Roberts doesn’t waste time with stories and anecdotes, which just reinforces that this book is meant for local business owners and contractors who are often too busy to spend a lot of time sifting through stories to get to the information they’re looking for.
.....he really wanted to talk….and did (even if it's just a few words)
Islam: Worship.
Step 5 - Blend your colours together with your lighter skin tone (E50 here). Now for blush, you can either tip-to-tip or use the palette blending technique. I chose to scribble some R20 onto the bottom of my acetate since it was already on my desk and then picked up the colour with my E51 Marker. I chose the darker one because I wanted rosy cheeks - but I will often do it with the lighter skin tone (E50) - depends on the image you are using.
So, we layered 2 coats of Martha's pure white
Okay, that's it for me :D Catch ya later! Until then, stay crafty!
Well, a new meeting has finally been scheduled, for 6 PM Oct. 25 at Long Island College Hospital, 339 Hicks Street (at Atlantic Ave.). The intervening months have given both side more time to prepare their cases. The developer, which is working with the City, is L&M Equities. Their aim is to create a total of 152 new housing units across three sites: 75 Columbia Street; 86-98 Congress Street and 79 Warren Street; and 104-116 Warren Street and 101-115 Baltic Street. (Why two addresses are considered a "site," I don't know.) One of the buildings that would be torn down is the old Hamberger Christmas ornament factory on Warren (above), which would break the heart of every romantic east and west of the BQE.
Last time when I got my first ultrasound with Laken she was all over the place bouncing here and there, but i think i ate some cheerios with sugar. This time Baby Bean was calm and was willing to work with us for the most part measuring was hard BB liked to stay curled up, I stayed away from the sugar breakfast this time.
Tears to the lining or stitching of pillows mean they cannot be effectively cleaned and patients could be exposed to infection through the mouth, nose, eyes and ears, the report said.
she then immediately got off the phone with me because maddy had started to bleed again.
Cougars seem to be attracted to children, possibly because their high-pitched voices, small size, and erratic movements make it difficult for cougars to identify them as human and not as prey.
Bitty Mama's over 24lbs, HOLLA!!!
Reiki for taking away my neck pain
And I am telling you these are just excuses.
"I like when you call me senor."
I made a sweater once, for my son,
Yay! This may come in the form of just a description of what I saw with my own two eyes, or maybe a picture I came across on the internet or wherever, or maybe a question of a 'do' or a 'don't.' I would LOVE LOVE LOVE feedback..........
So as the evening draws to a close, it has become time to complete the weekly top-up of my individual vitamin containers. All of the vitamins, supplements and minerals that I take are all specifically named somewhere, by someone, to be of benefit to an individual that has MS.
On the other hand, there are published writers who feel fine about fan fiction – or even enthusiastic. Imagining new stories is a legitimate form of readerly pleasure, they argue; and once the book has been bought by a fan, it’s theirs to do with as they will. And, of course, it’s flattering to think that people like your imagination enough to want to spend more time there.
Marquez got the win – becoming the first Tacoma starting pitcher to earn a win since April 19. He was also the first Tacoma starter to pitch into the seventh inning since that same date.
I couldn’t sleep, I was exhausted but I was just too wired from the birth. Lou was snuffling and making little baby noises and I wasn’t used to it so I couldn’t sleep. At about 6am Steven took her for a walk around the lounge room and a cuddle so that I could get some sleep and then Iris got up.
Flip the whole thing over so that you aren't ironing directly on your ribbon.
One of the neighbouring families used to have three cats which, climbing a tree, could reach the top of a wall and from there many of the other gardens. The old lady living in the house closest to my balcony, would leave out a saucer of milk for them, which they used to visit regularly. But the family has moved on, and their successors did not bring cats...
Half time ended with the parent’s still trying to shake their fear.
So, today I am delighted to announce that I have been invited to be a Guest Designer for the 'Spotlight On ...' feature over at the Crafty Cardmakers challenge blog. This week's spotlight is falling on digital stamping - right up my street, as you will know! So, without further ado, here's what I came up with:
Over the last few months allegations of serious wrong doing concerning senior British National Party officials have been spread both within and outside the British National Party.
Life with Kerri is grateful for insurance, and our sense of humor.
Less slums, more farms.
First, she mixes two chemicals together: potassium ferricyanide and ferric ammonium citrate.
It’s a marvel that even with such agony the longing doesn’t diminish , it continues to feed on the loneliness and gain strength. It grows stronger , so does love- even the unrequited one, for it has its own rainbows.
Do any of you like bananas but not banana bread? Can you explain that to me? I do want to understand my poor misjudged husband.
I'm also a chocolate addict.
Those are the countries that are allies of the neocons - err, uhhh, sorry, "freedom" and "free market forces".
Neighbors
Irishman 2: And is that a harp you're carrying, now? Well, then you could play us some tunes and stay all day.
I am dyed-in-the-wool RED: the colour blue was banned from our house when I was a kid. But I’d rather City won the Premiership (just this once) than have the English Fanny Adams appoint yet another deadbeat, obedient England manager.
As well as Roger Helmer’s barnstorming and rousing speech, another speaker on the day was Chris Woodhead who was at one time the Inspector of Schools. His speech was especially moving as due to his illness is now wheelchair bound and his movements very restricted. I had seen him speak at a past UKIP conference some years back and had admired him then, but despite being on stage in his wheelchair this speech seemed, to me, even better than the last time I had heard him when he was a fit and healthy man.
After arriving at Sunoco in 2008 and subsequently dismantling the company’s Marcus Hook refinery operations, Elsenhans announced during Thursday’s fourth-quarter earnings conference call that she is stepping down as the company’s chief executive officer and board chairman at the end of the month.
Now - time to get on with writing the books....
Subsequently, look for the organization on search engines like yahoo for example Google. You will find lots of knowledge on them. When they have fooled folks previously, it is extremely probable it is undoubtedly a facts there. Do not just go from the testimonials on their site as they usually are imitation for those know.
Our favorites were two go-big-or-go-home rings, “honkers,” as former QVC host Kathy Levine would call them. First, there was a 24 carat smokey quartz ring, which was enormous. And then there was a 12.6-carat crystal quartz ring that Loren said was exactly modeled after a real diamond — yes, I said diamond — ring that her husband gave her to replace her original CZ wedding ring.
Bohlabela, Ehlanzeni and Gert Sibande have all elected new regional executive committees while the Nkangala region held its regional conference last year.
On the same day as the green paper was released, the deputy minister of correctional services, Mr Ngoako Ramatlhodi, let the cat out of the bag when he said the African National Congress (ANC) had made ‘fatal concessions' at the time of the political transition (see full article here). Given the balance of forces at the time (including the collapse of the Soviet Union), it had accepted a Constitution which ‘emptied the legislature and executive of real political power' and ‘immigrated (sic) the little power left [to them] to civil society and the Judiciary'. [The Times 1 September 2010]
a funny thing happened on the way to the bahamas...
Here is a short video of some of her first steps.
1 pound unsalted butter
I asked him if he knew her. … Had known her.
Some days all I can feel is overwhelming happiness and glee at my own joy.
A few years ago, we purchased a new car for towing. We don't use a windshield cover nor do we use a shield. The only protection for our towed car are the large mud flaps behind our motorhome's rear tires and a solid, heavy mud flap the width of the rear bumper that almost touches the ground.
“You have to think of the ball as a clock face and your thumb at 12 o'clock. You want to release the ball with the thumb between 10 and 11 and the fingers between 4 and 5.” Richard could obviously see the completely blank expression on my face and explained further. “As you're right handed, the ball is released anticlockwise and that gives a hook which means the ball comes in at an angle which will knock more pins down.”
Second, and most importantly, we set a dangerous precedent if we allow the 14 Democratic State Senators to continue to use their current tactics. What kind of democracy do we have if a minority is able to overturn the results of our elections simply by hopping into their cars and driving south?
Jeep Safari Tour in Ladakh: Jeep Safari Tour in Ladakh tour is very beneficial especially when you will explore the icy fields of Ladakh. July to October are the best months to experience this kind of adventure and this tour involves you trekking around the Suru Valley, Zanskar and many more. Another great destination that this tour would lead you to is the Karsha that is an amazing and well celebrated monastery. This is really one pleasant experience for most passionate trekkers. Jeep Safari in Ladakh is perfect to be experienced with traveling families as well.
Then came The Wanderers.
7. “Ain’t Fit to Live Here” by Graveyard
Copperfield’s
Where is this place,
We have plenty of fruit and vegetables.
Authors beware.
and I will not drown
Despite all that the media can do to maintain the fiction, the public is catching on to the climate change hoax. Every year, NOAA predicts a "more active than usual" hurricane season, and every year they are proven wrong. Come to think of it, how can it be that every year is "more active than usual"?
The Capitals opened their 2012 season at the historic Smithtown Grounds in Long Island this past Saturday against the Brooklyn Atlantics Base Ball Club, where they dropped a pair of matches to the defending Mid-Atlantic champs. Afterwards, it was back to their carriages for the trip into Brooklyn.
You and I, frozen there, after a war
I have to confess that I was so overwhelmed by the bigots this week that the search for a hero seemed daunting. Fortunately, our Cyndi Lauper, founder of the Give A Damn Campaign, which strives for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender equality, is now opening a homeless shelter for LGBT teens in New York. True Colors Residence homeless shelter for LGBT teens opens today, September 9, 2011, thus earning Cyndi Lauper our HWA.
things will be fine again. at least, i hope.
When it’s raw, you can easily blend it into little pieces (almost like rice. You can actually eat this like rice, more information about this later).
It was Friday night, and we’d decided to chill out with a movie and something to eat. Little did I know that “The Fly” (good choice of pre-labour entertainment, eh?) and veggy lasagna would come just a few hours before my son decided to make his debut.
Today was a gathering of spinners and knitters at the cutest place, the place is a store front on a main street in Long Beach that has been converted to a charming apartment, the bedroom is a loft space above and my new spinning friends were so charming welcoming me into their home and making me feel like we've been chums for a very long time. These wonderful gentlemen recently rescued two of the cutest dogs, one just two weeks ago was abandoned at a local dog park and came home with them (she is a darling little terrier they've named Lola and she totally captured me - I am putty in her little paws)
On that day, it was hard for me to imagine a time I would have to say no to Barack Obama when he asked me for support. But last week, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus sat down with the president, and he asked us to vote for the health care reform bill — a bill that denies immigrants the opportunity to purchase health care with their own money. It was one more in a string of disappointments for the Hispanic community, and today, I no longer find myself able to confidently say “yes” when President Obama asks me for his support.
vnto woe vnto woe vnto woe
But also gives strength when all else fails!!!
Wednesday: Grilled Tri-Tip, baby carrots and homemade rolls
About 30 minutes before the women's 5K start time (the women and men run separately at this event) Kim headed off to her post and I started doing some warm-up jogging and stretching. Jason arrived about 5 minutes before the start and we talked strategy. Sadly, this race doesn't have many good intercept points for spectators so he only got to cheer for me at the start and the finish.
Sessions usually last from 30 minutes to up to 2 hours. Sometimes it takes a little while for children to warm up to a strange person with a camera (although as a mother, I promise that I'm NOT scary or intimidating!), and so I like to plan for some time to get aquainted.
G is for favorite Game: Scrabble
Ad Age: What effect will this have, if any, on other video game development, especially the very popular series with mass audiences?
A few last words, before leaving you to contemplate how beautiful YOUR face will look in this project;
Then on to The United Nations: Malcolm X’s High Court. The body to whose attention Malcolm passionately believed America’s racial injustices should be brought forth – and punished.
As we continue to refine our understanding of the NNRE, comparative studies and examples of practicable NNRE economic development policies and programs will help create a framework that can be adapted to local circumstances in order to help the NNRE flourish and, with it, rural communities.
Why do Koreans mourn the death of Kim Jong-Il? It’s because of his courageous defiance of U.S. domination, his commitment to the reunification and the real accomplishments of socialism. In the face of those who wage war for exploitation and oppression, Kim’s decisions represented the aspirations of Korean workers, peasants, women and children – the united Korean nation – for freedom. Although Kim Jong Il has passed away, the Korean people will continue to march forward raising the banner of national reunification, self-determination and revolution.
On the left, I made a simple pocket out of cardstock. The pocket is my favorite part of the case. I think it's the pop of the Riding Hood Red cardstock.
4 potatoes
An important part of the ceremony is the lighting of the luminaria. Luminara are bags that people write the names of the people who died, survived, or are currently fighting cancer. The moment seemed very symbolic to the event because the fields become quick and tears began to run from a number of people’s eyes. It could really hit a person emotionally when they are in a crowded field filled with crying students. Right before the lighting of luminara ceremony, a Hofstra University student, Emily Lovejoy told her story of why she relays. The story was of her mother who recently passed and how Lovejoy would constantly visit her mother while she was in school. The overall story was very touching and it could easily be noticed that when looking at the audience who was has a closer relationship with their mother.
And the abandoned French orphans of a father who, as the ship was sinking, handed his children to a woman getting in a lifeboat–it turned out he had kidnapped his children from his estranged wife and was traveling to America to start a new life. It wasn’t until their mother in France saw their picture in the paper that she knew where they had gone and traveled to America to bring them home.
3. Atlanta Dream
HARRISON J. Stumbling into occupational health: the influenza conundrum. Br Med J 2000; 320: 53.
Dundalk v UCD – Friday 7.45
We have to share around the products of a wealthy society and ensure the gap between rich and poor is viewed as a problem to be solved, not the normal consequence of capitalism.State enforced equality for everyone, then?
Torn to shreds of the dead
At one protest in 2007, police arrived on the scene with an armored paddy wagon and constant video surveillance, which protesters said was intimidating.
After that the President, Abraham Lincoln, called for 75,000 volunteers to invade the seven Southern states and force them by arms into submission themselves. He also ordered a naval blockade, even though the navy was not then strong enough to enforce it.
Mike and David. And yes, he is that much bigger than Mike.
Anna shortly after arriving that Sunday.
But with two successful turkey dinners under our belts now I think we can avoid the crowds, keep a tape measure in my purse, and cook our turkey on the boat from now on. Gobble Gobble, thank you Pilgrim!
If you're consciously trying to cut your sugar intake, you could probably cut the sugar back to half a cup as this is pretty sweet. The graham crackers and coconut both add sweetness in addition to the sugar. I will probably try less sugar then next time around.
Enjoy a couple of my latest prediction videos for two upcoming world title fights…
Here are all of the delicious Dusty items I have used...
LL: I like the way things are going. The Icelandic scene is divided into the really hard rock, indie and electronica. Some of it’s manufactured, but not that much. Icelandic stuff is really original. At Airwaves, I didn’t get to see as much as I wanted but I thought that the Icelandic bands were excellent, if not better than the foreign ones.
BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP is an ambitious debut novel: a story told from the point of view of an amnesiac whose memory, both short term and most of her long term, disappears overnight and dumps her back into life each morning over two decades earlier. Even then her memory of life until then is patchy and imperfect.
Brent Nelson & Nikki Shields
Emily ran into her mother's arms, as they sat there together on the floor feeling the sadness at their aloneness this Christmas.
“And if you look at the far right in this country whether it is the British National Party or English Defence League, they are very clearly targeting the British Muslim community. And what is quite worrying they are now beginning to form small groups of minority groups within the EDL to achieve their objectives of creating divisions within the Muslim community.”
In research you often find yourself travelling over the same ground time and time again, looking for a crack in the armour of some mystery. I find myself returning time and time again to certain authors to see what else can be discovered about them. My latest book, Gwyn Evans: The Lunatic, the Lover and the Poet, is the result of revisiting an author I first wrote about a decade ago. Bear Alley was started so that I could share bits of research with anyone who might find it of interest. The beauty of the blog format is that I don't have to have the whole story; on more than one occasion I've admitted defeat with research and there's even an irregular feature here called "mysteries that have me mystified" for just such occasions.
Free State Brewing Co. Blue Sky Rye
and it never ceases to delight and amaze me!
A reader who wishes to remain anonymous (rather than Anonymous), writes:
What has me excited is that this tape is super strong, and comes in two economical sizes: 1/2" for larger things, and 1/4" for narrow objects.
DNA testing in 2007 showed the West Memphis Three’s innocence, but they still sat in jail for four more years before finally being released, and even then they weren’t completely cleared officially and were forced to give up any rights to seek financial compensation for the 17 years they wrongfully spent in prison. By the way, the supposed leader of the group, Damien Echols, spent that time on death row.
Some 303,959 primary care physicians are members of either an independent practice association or a physician hospital organization, according to our research for the National Directory of Physician Organizations Database.
I was driving home from work on Friday when I got a text from Mark explaining that he had a meeting in the next town over so he may not be able to make our date, but he would let me know closer to seven. Seriously? We were supposed to meet at the freaking Chop House. I was going to shower, do my hair, do my nails, and shave my legs for goodness sake. I didn’t want to go through all that trouble for a maybe. I told him that we would just reschedule, but secretly I wasn’t planning on talking to this guy again in my life.
CassaStar was only the beginning…
Snake River Pale Ale - Jackson Hole, Wyoming
Litter cast and scattered
Actually, this April 15, 1912, headline was based on preliminary news and was in error. The final tally shows that 1,513 lives were lost in the sinking of the Titanic, and there were only 711 survivors.
I had promised Viv a scarf from San Telmo and time was pressing. Today would be our last opportunity and we had also promised to meet Roger for lunch.
ducking behind NO DUMPING signs
Recently this desire has been brought to the front of my mind. There is a constant nagging, a continuous reflection, serious thought towards making some actually progress. Last week while I was playing with one of my horses, I was suddenly hit with the fact that I have great stories to tell. This new belief caused me to take action. I researched writing software, then compared the three top prospects and choose the one I felt was simple enough for me.
none of it is black and white.
We have been given adrenal glands to secrete a hormone which will get us up and going when the occasion calls for it. However, we’ve let our imaginations run away with us. Many of us live in countries where we are free to make decisions and be responsible for the outcome without worry of physical threat. (I know there are some readers out there living in places where this isn’t true, and to you I apologize). Yet, for the most part, we know the laws of the land and we know how to make decisions which keep us safe based on these laws and just the everyday societal policies of every day life. Fear has a purpose when we’re in physical danger. The rest of the time, we are in control of our lives and how we react to the circumstances of our lives. Fear only has control or even space for being noticed when we allow it. We have much more command of the situation than we acknowledge.
Thank you Mom for sacrificing your comfort for ours.
I honestly tried, i even told him many of times just to leave me alone and that i couldnt cope no more cheating like this.
Weddings are supposed to be all about the fun little details, right? Well, no, weddings are *supposed* to be about the commitment of two people to one another. It sure seems like that "little" fact gets lost in the To Do Lists and the party planning and the sorting out of a hundred little decisions every time I turn around, though. For the most part, planning a wedding is fun, I guess. Until it's not. Until the first time in this whole process that I completely psych myself out.
ISU also gives Parents Loan in the jeep sioux city iowa a first OWI offense in Iowa and to South, Iowa borders with Wisconsin and Illinois and these states are separated by the jeep sioux city iowa a rich historical history that you can enjoy to the jeep sioux city iowa. Most providers will offer some type of blowouts would not become the jeep sioux city iowa for Iowa in the jeep sioux city iowa in the lineup Iowa dominated the jeep sioux city iowa. Brandon Wegher was the jeep sioux city iowa of the jeep sioux city iowa and hay crops that can be just the jeep sioux city iowa to earn an Orange Bowl berth. With Stanzi back in the jeep sioux city iowa and summer you may want to whether they want a posh downtown condo in Des Moines. The job requires you to have good managerial skills as well. You can expect to see a Gothic Revival monument of the plate.
The ground’s getting wetter underfoot, and, looking ahead, I see a herd of 30-40 deer in the distance, about 150 metres away. Roe again, but with darker coats than the smaller group I was entranced by earlier. Edging carefully forwards, they quickly become aware of my presence – there is little cover, with the exception of a few rather magnificent veteran oak trees. Heads lift, one by one, interrupted from their grazing, until the entire herd is staring my way. I halt. We remain gazing at each other intently, neither sure of the other’s next move. A few decide my presence is too unsettling and begin to edge forwards across my path, left to right, until the entire group is walking nervously, stiff necked and alert, then running across the bog. They continue along the edge of one of the many ditches, until making a sudden 90 degree turn away from me and melting away into the rain.
adore-or-abhor proposition, it's her voice. For some it's swoonily
do this the right way now
Unions and labor regulation play a major role in assuring working conditions, but these are not without their own problems. There are hundreds of cases, from the California Prison unionmembers who earn more than Harvard graduates to railway workers retiring in their 40s and 50s. These abnormally high compensation packages impose a cost on consumers, other industries and the society in which they operate. In this article, I explore how a properly functioning safety net can guarantee labor standards, but at the same time reduce the burden on companies and society.
Pleased! (to meet you)
J)Justice
Divinyls I touch myself US
No one would come near Me.
The ‘Raise a Glass’ campaign is driven by Foster’s major brand, Victoria Bitter, in conjunction with Legacy and the RSL. The first thing that struck me is that the whole VB branding is almost invisible, set into the site as a subtle understatement rather than a fan-faring ‘look at me, look at me!!’ kind of grandstanding. The purpose of the promotion (apart from shifting units) is to remember and honour those who have served in military conflicts around the world over the past century.
And we too, will survive.
1 - 4 unit properties
Secondly, it's got a ton of real, pureed blackberries and blueberries in it so this is a beer your non-beer loving gal (if you're unfortunate enough to have one of those) will actually like. And did I mention it has a high alcohol content? You know what I'm talkin' 'bout! That's right, fist pump. Come on now! If that bow chicka bow wow plan somehow fails epically there's a backup use for the high ABV. We already know it will dull the pain of the inevitable skate injuries, but it will also dull the "pain" of this chick flick if you just aren't man enough to open your mind to it. So have another!
John reminds us that our love, like God's, is not complete unless it goes through us to another person. It's not just about saying you love someone, it's showing you love someone. This can be as simple as showing up. Amy Sullivan just wrote a post regarding this, it is well worth the read. We always think that this means going and "taking over" to show our love in action. But love is a lot of times expressed in the simple things - a giggle; a hug; a prayer. This week I was asked if there was anything that I needed by someone from my church family. Just being asked showed her love and compassion for me. She showed up. The visiting pastor this week told a story of when he and his wife had heard the "A" word in regards to their son. They phoned a friend (another pastor), he and his wife came over with pizza and beer and sat on the floor and listened and prayed. The visiting pastor said that he didn't remember anything they had said, but he always remembered that they showed up. They showed their love just being there.
There’s also the jinxing factor. By not reserving a tent you could be jinxing yourself.
Vegetable oil for deep frying
I recently lost my hard drive in my computer and lost all of my digital layouts. I had backed up my photos though. I now begin the daunting task of redoing all those layouts. Here's the first one:
Saturday, October 23, 5pm - 9pm
It's been a while since I've posted because I haven't really felt like I had anything much to say. The normal goings on of the Spaz family haven't stopped - we've had karate, and horses, and girl scouts, and family get-togethers, and camping trips, and melt downs, and messes, and all of it. I just haven't felt like reporting everything.
The first ones arrived in 1903 -- the bittereinders who refused to cede to British rule -- and looked out at the barren horizon on a cold June afternoon. Many couldn't believe this was their new land, bleak sandstone cliffs rising sheer from the icy Atlantic.
Distraction is the perfect summer coral shade. It applies quite smoothly and is nicely opaque after 2 coats.
The storm blew in from the sea like a demented demon; hurling a horizontal wall of water ahead of itself, sending the flimsy seaside shacks flying into the liquid white air, its dark, malignant core following at a slower pace, dragging the sea behind it.
12. Flora Purim - From the Lonely Afternoon
I came across this today during my weekly blog catch-up. I was reading Chandres's post in Upcycled Purpose. If you haven't been to this blog, you need to go there and read what God's amazing grace and redemptive powers are doing in this family right now. PTL!
But the following fall I entered high school and all would change. I improved my playing, but at the same time, it was clear that the clarinet was decidedly not a sexy instrument. We were listening to "Eight Days a Week" and "White Rabbit" on our .45 rpm records. Moving to saxophone was an option, but really, anyone who was "boss", "bitchin'", or "cool" was studying guitar.
Oh, the world would come so close to ending time and again, with many more fires, floods, alien attacks and other natural (and unnatural) phenomenon passing by time and again. But when even Sean Connery can't emerge from the muck and mire and seem convincing as he does so, something's wrong. And Meteor is something VERY wrong.
These are the kinds of pictures we get sent home from day care. I know Kai thinks about Camille. Sometimes they are photos of our family with her in it, sometimes just her by herself, and this is the more recent one....the title they wrote when they asked him what he drew. They didn't give it to me for a while, but Kai asked me where it was and I told them that he is free to talk and draw and communicate in any form he wants to about his sister. I am just glad that he thinks of her. Like I said, It is his reality too. I sure do love my boy...and my girl. <U+FEFF>
If you feel yourself running out of words to write, try writing where you are. Stop thinking, worrying, doubting. Simply lean back, close your eyes and take yourself back to that one place that gives you peace. Then for 3-5 minutes, simply write about that place, and how it makes you feel.
Schoolbag in hand she leaves home in the early morning
Anyway, if that doesn't ring your bell, not to worry - we've still got lashings of mystery, horror and high concept sci-fi to get you going. It all starts with the Tardis crew following a missing Earthling, possibly an alien abductee, to an uninhabited planet in another galaxy, and there, to their amazement, discovering an exact replica of Tudor London ... and I'm afraid that's as much as your getting at present. Producers aren't too keen on their writers releasing unofficial spoilers shortly before the product is actually released.
Theatre Talent Survey: Do you work in theatre? Have you ever? Do you want to?Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on email Share on print
At heart I am a simple chap with realistic expectations. Hence, when I witnessed a man with a severed arm wade into a swamp to punch a shark last year in the hilariously dire Shark Night 3D, I’d assumed I’d seen the best of what Hollywood had to offer from the file marked ‘unlikely fight-backs from chaps with missing appendages’. But no. Here I got so see a man with no legs punch teeth out of an aliens face. Which, I think we can all agree, would be worth the admission fee alone in most cases. And to be honest I did not leave the cinema feeling like I’d wasted my money, because Battleship was one of the unintentionally funniest films I think I’ve ever seen.
I don't know whether I want to eat the Crunch bars, throw them away, or run over them with my car. It all just hurts so much. The gift cards and candy are emblematic of so many things I wonder about right now. Like the jigsaw puzzles and games in our game closet. We used to leave a jigsaw puzzle out on the dining room table for Jack and Tim to work on when they had a chance. 3000 pieces was their biggest one. But Margaret and I don't like jigsaw puzzles, and most of our games are too hard or too sad to play with 3 players.
This might come as a shock: I’m crazy about breakfast tacos. The eggs and whatever (maybe just barbacoa) filling a slightly spongy, warm flour tortilla preparation is my preferred morning meal. Breakfast tacos where you don’t expect them are even better, which led me to the Mixing Bowl Bakery.
That is not my style, I don’t urge people read it is their choices. But I do like chinese writer Zhu Wen, he is very cool, and deep.
My yells to Melanie were futile. Where were cell phones then???
She added that not all of Series 7's scripts are written yet, “But we’ve got a lot of them and the ones that are written are really, really epic and very exciting.”
Leading the first Maha Mahal Retreat is Janaka Ordonez, whose traditional training from the Sivananda tradition is modernized by the ever-present ocean he connects with when he surfs. Through his practice of Kriya Yoga and knowledge of Native American Medicine Janaka’s intuition and feel for the subtle working in the Earth amplifies the energetic practice.
From north of the border,
You cannot mourn every loss in this world. Mourn your own losses, allow the people around you to mourn theirs, and never, ever tell another person that their loss is less important than yours.
King: (To the guard) Leave us.
Anyways, moving on. Make sure to not hog the conversation, and make sure you’re not mute.Having an equal share of thoughtful, (sometimes) meaningful words concludes to a satisfying conversation.
Publisher, "Shall we have some cake? Yes."
And what should happen when I'm back in Rome, in my kitchen, staring at some choice pieces of beef stew meat I'd just picked up? Yes, goulash.
One of my teammates did this with her kids she took a picture of them reaching up really tall and then on earth day she had them color and cut out the earth and make a card with their earth day promise.
Savard: Oh, absolutely.
This is Whip Appeal by Mr Ocean
Is this a Bad Thing?
Mainland China is one important source of immigrants for Singapore, but we are not getting their cream of the crop.
At the museum I was shown around by the curator of fossil archosaurs, the appropriately named Dr Wings. I initially took photos of the specimens using the available light before tackling the more complex task of setting up the studio lighting. When I came to do so I discovered the stands for the flash heads were not in any of the bags. After a quick call I was informed a courier was on his way. The journey had taken me a little over 10mins by cab so I didn’t worry; I assumed I would be underway again shortly. Three quarters of an hour later my mobile rang, the courier said he had arrived and was by the security gate of the west entrance. Not having a compass to hand I had no idea which direction west was and rarely do in all honesty, which makes taking directions in America futile at best but that’s irrelevant; there could surely only be one security gate.
This week, a co-worker of mine sent me a fairly upsetting article about the Virginia Tech shootings of 2007. While you may be thinking that the upsetting part of the article must have been details of the gruesome mass atrocity itself, it was actually something more subtle. It was the fact that after all these years, people still have dangerously little knowledge of the very real, very serious threat posed by domestic violence.
Today is the first real day of spring. I think it's absolutely wonderful, I'd forgotten how much I missed experiencing the changing seasons. I've been living with Dan for three-ish weeks already. It's funny how well we're getting along, and I wonder what will happen when his parents come visit and I start traveling. Somewhere deep in the recesses of my imagination, I'm harbouring thoughts of genuinely wanting to develop this relationship further. I don't know why, it just feels like it'll be worth it. The fact that he's poly-amourous and shared the same sentiment as I do about multiple partners probably has something to do with making me more open to the idea. To other people it might seem like an unwillingness to commit, perhaps it is that, but from my vantage point, I see it as being able to let go of a petty, negative feeling. But I won't go on about it.
In that regard, Tim's brew harkens back to his predecessor, Ted Briggs, who left nearly five years ago with a big golden barleywine aging in barrels that Tim, as pretty much one of his first tasks upon arriving, racked off into 750's, then corked and capped. (Ted's now brewmaster at Lander Brewing in Wyoming.)
C# then serves as the key for the singsong bridge, played at a different tempo. After the bridge, the guitar and bass once again make their way back to that same two-bar riff on the tonic and third of F, making clever use of the major third interval (a big element in this song) along the way. What follows, finally, is an abbreviated third verse with two lines, this time just moving up from A to B, then A to B to C# (all major chords). After the C# chord, the guitar and bass play the same return to the initial riff as heard after the first verse, but this time using the F as a weird dominant prep chord that leads to G#, the dominant of the final tonic resolution in C#.*
Chuck and Friends: Friends for the Long Haul iPhone/iPad app. This app by the Ruckus Media Group is an original story of more than 70 pages that contains narrative-driven matching, touch and reveal and spelling activities that progress the adventure and teach letter recognition, picture/word association and basic problem solving. Users can read the story, have it read to them, or even record their own voice for a personalized reading experience. H&R really enjoyed this app after watching the Chuck and Friends Big Air Dare DVD that came in the official BlogHer swag bag. H is a stage 1 reader so he was having fun reading the story himself! If you don't want to wait till the end of this giveaway, you can get the Chuck and Friends app during the Ruckus Media Group's special back-to-school promotion with pricing of $0.99 per app on its entire digital library of 15 apps for iPhone, iPad and iTouch from Friday, August 26 through the Labor Day weekend, ending Tuesday, September 7, 2011.
First a note to Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich and Rick Perry. There's a point that your surrogates ought to be making - (with SuperPac deniability for you, of course!) Remind folks that New Hampshire is a Blue State. About as blue as they come. And hence, if the hybrid-type republicans of the Granite State prefer Mitt Romney... what does that say about him? Redmeat for red South Carolina.
He left behind him a trail of yarn as he walked, until finally meeting the beast in the center of the maze. Then, using a smuggled sword given to him by his love Ariadne, Theseus defeated the Minotaur. He followed the trail of yarn back to the outside world and sailed home a hero.
I added family and friends who wanted to read along but could not figure out how
slanting, across the plains,
Even though The Colonel had bought a lot that extended up to Seventh Street, the original hotel building didn’t go up that far. The north part of the lot had been occupied prior to 1928 by a service building that contained things like the kitchens, storage, and servants’ quarters.
In reality, the most challenging part of restoring this parasol was that it was missing the cap that parasols often (but not always) have at the top of the finial. I sacrificed a slightly expensive (but real metal) pen to make this final cap. I'd like to find a better solution, but for now, this will do.
I know I can do this and I will.
.And part of backpack organizing is planning ahead.
Today's competition is over. I've been home for about an hour now, after a long and busy day. I don't really have the energy to do any serious selecting of images at the moment so I've resorted to showing a couple which I found during a very quick search, which pleased me for varying reasons.
Then I noticed, the refrigerator is on the fritz, yet again. It's turned up to nine and just barely keeping things cool. The repair man kept saying he was coming. Until the manager called him again at 6pm and he said, tomorrow. The manager said, and in the meantime their food is going bad.
As Yelena tries to escape her new dilemma, disasters keep mounting. Rebels plot to seize Ixia and Yelena develops magical powers she can't control. Her life is threatened again and choices must be made. But this time the outcomes aren't so clear...
And, friends, if the Lord of the universe can command the sea to sink into rest, then my little racing heart, surely He can bring into a great calm and perfect peacefulness.
Yes its true, I took my CA plates off my car yesterday! It was all a rush of emotions! The first thing Andrew asked me when he came home to seeing me putting the new plates on my car was.....are you ok???? In a very concerned tone. I love how he knows me so well. Im sure had it been a different time of the month, I would have been a complete wreck, but I was fine. At least I get to keep my CA plates right! And...I have to think ive got a nice souvenir when I finally move back to CA!
I've found Him in the aisle while overhearing an unseen elderly man sing a hymn as he shopped.
This experience was rather nerve racking and I wouldn't want to do it again. The challenge was getting everyone to look and smile at the same time without a photographer making sure that everything was fine. Needless to say, I had more bad pictures of the group then good ones. Now the proofs are off to a professional Photoshop guru and I am out of the equation. Here is my version of our family pictures.
Amit Bansal answers, Just testing the depth of your knowledge. Please remember you need not know everything but you must know everything you have mentioned on your resume and required as per the job profile. Interviewers just push boundaries sometimes.
Hey blog friends!
What is YOUR favorite Bible Commentary?
I really – I really wanted so badly to feel special to someone, to HIM. Many days he was – he was just – wonderful. I saw his “man gifts” and I loved every one of them. He was everything I could ever ask for in regards to “new love”. And then he withdraw – which I know now is natural but I was so – freshly wounded – I was driven by fear that I would lose this person who made me feel so right. And what do you do when you fear loss? You instinctively grab on. Nothing in your being tells you to let go. NOTHING. I have been miserable for years and now I feel so good with you and PLEASE don’t take it from me yet. Take it from me later if you must but PLEASE don’t take it from me yet.
(insert anxiety attack 3 here)
Great civilizations like Tang China might have enjoyed a relative period of prosperity brought about by its open-door policy to immigrants, yet it soon declined and descended into chaos following a massive rebellion led by a barbarian general An Lushan.
ARE THEY OUT OF THEIR MINDS? What kind of military is this? They ACTUALLY let him see his son after everything he’s done? I mean, he’s only an escaped mental patient locked up for doing dangerous experiments on human beings. It’s not like he’s, oh I don’t know, CRAZY or anything, right? This makes no sense! What kind of military organization would ever negotiate with a hostage like this? What do they gain? Brownie points for reuniting a son and his father, even though the father is a known lunatic and could do anything to activate his son’s Hulk persona and sabotage everything the military themselves is working for? Are they just TRYING to screw up as much as possible? Is that the experiment they're doing; how to royally mess up everything as much as possible? I’m sorry, I don’t get it, and this movie has officially crossed the line into complete WTF territory, never to return. Movie, YOU NEED HELP.
I'll let you know when things are final and would love your feedback.
VandM is a big world to discover and I've really only spent time looking through the decor inventory so far. There is some really fabulous merch and it's a great resource. Here are some of my favorite finds from their coffers...
She betrayed him. She lay there so innocent in her unconsciousness, but she had apparently not forgotten how to betray him. Once again she intended to leave him, alone. After all he had done for her.
The day consists of an introduction by Program Chair Jacqueline Jones LaMon, followed by workshop sessions by genre. There is a Faculty reading and a Q&A with students in the afternoon.
If you're tickled that its spring, and you want to dance and sing,
LGBT: Jack, River (arguably).
Synopsis: Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student comes upon the secret about his father’s death. He realizes his father was the famous Phantom Thief 1412, and was killed by an organization for refusing to steal the Pandora Gem for them. The Pandora Gem is said to shed a tear under the full moonlight, and whomever shall drink it, shall gain immortality. Kaito Kuroba then decides to search for that Jewel to prevent the organization from retrieving it. To do so, he takes on his father’s role as Phantom Thief 1412, and becomes Phantom Thief Kid, also known as Kaito Kid and begins his search on the Pandora Gem. The Pandora Gem is said to ooze liquid “tears” during the passing of a particular comet, and when consumed, would grant immortality. Apparently, the gem glows red under the full moon and that it is a doublet: a gem hidden within a larger gem. Thus, it would have to be a relatively large one with a bizarre history, and always stored in a place that never receives moonlight. This is why he researches and steals famous priceless gems with odd histories from incredibly well-defended areas, and always returns them after the very next full moon.
aromatic are waters deep
25 sleeps until Christmas!
I usually don't do New Year's Resolutions because it will just another thing I don't accomplish yet again. This year though I think I'm going to have a few. Dual Mom, bless her black heart, and Think Tank Momma are challenging everyone to lose weight, so I will jumping on that wagon. Well, actually I will be hooking the bandwagon with a cane to catch it and then will leisurely climb on board, but I figure falling off will still be painful.
30 Shoulder Squat + Drop + Push up and Jump
Used this week: 0 yards
This means that even following Prof. Cowen's advice does not necessarily lead to good Korean food. In Manhattan, for example, one could always find a restaurant around 32nd street that makes no attempt to cater to non-Koreans; that is crowded with prosperous-looking Koreans; whose menu is exclusively comprised of Korean food items with little English description accompanying them. Yet, no matter -- that restaurant will serve shitty Korean food laced with so much MSG that, if you have sensitive stomach like my wife, it will give you the runs all day long.
Lots of my favorite blogs talk about how they eat overnight oats for breakfast all the time. I think the problem might be that I’m not using enough fruits, nuts, yogurt, etc., to make it flavorful…because the way I made them on Sunday night was just blah on Monday. I had some strawberries with the bites I ate, but I just wasn’t feeling it. The texture was so-so, but I haven’t been able to use Chia seeds yet. This may become a summer experiment as I try different recipes and variations.
1273 D-IV/16/1997. “It’s a Big Country, and Yet…” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
All 220 pounds of my dad came down on top of me elbow-first. I struggled free from underneath his crumpled body and ran to my mom. My dad just lay there face-down in the road, like a Hefty bag full of shame.
I reencountered the anosmic man in Tesco. At least I assume he wasn’t able to smell as the elderly gentleman’s size twenty clown were shoes coated in the foulest-smelling dog muck, thus effectively providing him with an invisible force-field, that had previously (literally) repelled me whilst he was busy conducting a conversation with the breakfast cereals…
Place your peanuts or sunflower seeds in the oven or in a pan on the stove and warm through, then roughly pound them in a pestle and mortar or chop them on a cutting board.
(Big Finish:) Like the cheese below my feet that does oooze ,
Sights and sounds, loss and glory,
Judge # 3 -- I felt something scraping across my tongue, but was unable
We have really enjoyed the Torchlighters series! This particular DVD tells the story of William Tyndale in animated form. At the end of each of the Torchlighters, there are documentaries about the subject, and/or interviews with experts or people who actually knew the person. I was excited to find these available at our library.
The stove. This stove is the reason we lived with plywood counters for so long. A wise financial decision? Maybe, maybe not. I'll let you know in twenty years, when I see if it's still going strong. But after 12 years I can say I have no complaints. Love my stove.
But you shouldn't harbor grudges,
Walk to Jerusalem/Bethlehem - Depending on the time of year, there is a program that is designed to let a congregation log steps/miles to take a virtual journey to Bethlehem (start in September, lead up to Christmas) or Jerusalem (start in January, lead up to Easter). The program includes devotions, prayer focus, and resources for learning about the other cultures you "walk" through.
Cook had lived for a few years in Nashville, and had no doubt seen Andrew Jackson’s home, “The Hermitage,” which had a two-story central block with pillared porticos across the front and back and one-story wings to either side. The Texas Governor’s Mansion was originally to have these one-story wings as well, which certainly would’ve provided much-needed space for entertaining, but for budgetary reasons the wings were never built.
I know that Gregory knows those books as well as I do. As soon as I saw Walter grabbing the bell and hammer, it set off all my Narnia-trained alarms. Ring the bell and risk loosing the Deplorable Word.
I've always wanted to take some cooking classes. I want to understand cuts of meat. I want to understand flavors and how to combine them and make them work together. I want to understand textures. I want to know how to use a knife and how to actually chop something. Sure I can read about it, but remember I mentioned my lackadaisical ways? I'm lazy like that. I don't want to read about it. I've watched a few youtube videos on how to chop and mince, but it takes practice and without someone there with me to keep me practicing and to tell me what adjustments I need to make, it's not going to happen (ahem, lackadaisical. did I mention that?)
I continually increase my exercise intensity to achieve the desired effects/benefits._____
Most cosmetic acupuncture practitioners agree that it is not just about the face; the body must be addressed as well. They believe that by addressing additional parts of the body as well, the body will be able to better support the benefits seen in the face.
The highlight of the trip to Nantes was that I got to go to a classy French new year's eve party! Ed's sister Claire invited us to her friend's apartment, which was la classe. Unfortunately I don't have pictures (or maybe it is fortunate...) but it was really great. There was foie gras, saumon, champagne...everything to make a true soirée. We rang in 2012 in style (sort of) and I get to say I spent new years in France :) The next day Ed and I went back to Bordeaux and I began the process of moving into my new place.
I don't know if this is a "relapse". Or if I should call my neurologist (who will tell me quite firmly I need to go on steroids) and let him know. I mean, why pick a fight when you can avoid one. =)
This morning was special for me. I demonstrated the differences between an electric and an acoustic guitar for my daughter and her second grade classmates.
3. I don't like my belly button being touched by anyone...even myself.
In Acts 1:6-7 we read,
For his indecent act, the 48 year old relief teacher of three children was jailed 10 months on Tuesday.
The question of whether Cate should be more to the fore was one I struggled with, and in earlier drafts she is much more present. I removed these sections as I felt Alice – and Smith – had such strong storylines and I was worried about distracting the reader. Maybe I was too heavy handed with my removals?
Any name, it may seem on the outset, is as good as any other. But the nature of alternatives that were being thrown up was an interesting socio-political indicator of sorts. A few names, of the Bangla, Bawngo or Bengal kind, made the rounds. Names of this kind found their votaries in people who argued – there is no East Bengal, why should we then call our province West Bengal? There is a certain problem with this unfortunate ‘there is no East Bengal’ view point. The roughly eastern segment of the land inhabited primarily by Bengali speaking people will always be East Bengal. East Bengal is as much a geographical entity as it was a political entity. The political entity has been conceived variously as East Bengal (1947-1955), East Pakistan (1955-1971) and Bangladesh ( 1971- present). The changing political construction of that geographical space does not change the psychogeographical space that East Bengal holds in the mind of large sections of the people of West Bengal, especially the refugees and their immediate descendants. People who were refugees from East Bengal did not locate their abode differently in the same psychogeographical space as East Bengal’s official political name changed with time. There also exists the East Bengal that does not simply reside in the memory of migrants. This is the living entity of East Bengal, in its political form of Bangladesh. It is not surprising that radical political groups, extremely staunch in their opposition to the Pakistani state, still chose to refer to themselves with their East Bengal epithet – various factions of the Purbo Banglar Shorbohara Party (Proletarian Party of East Bengal) and the Purbo Banglar Communist Party ( East Bengal Communist Party).
In closing, when asked what she thought were the primary success factors for creating Canfest, Constance noted the importance of grassroots marketing (fliers, posters, pre-events, reaching out to fraternities on campus), key partnerships (The Reno Bike Project), social media as a marketing tool (i.e. initiating a beer blogger contest that offered an all-expense paid trip to Reno for craft beer bloggers who wrote a post about the event), and teamwork (having a strong team in place to plan and execute an event).
The mechanism of the European injunction in favour of Community design owners allows Community design courts to prohibit the sale of a product potentially infringing a Community design, in the whole European Union territory, without examining the grounds for the claims (ie the validity of the design registered). As the German decision has not yet been published, we assume that the injunction was based on Article 85 of the Community Designs Regulation. The Regulation on Community designs requires that in proceedings for an alleged infringement action, the courts treat the Community design as valid (Article 85 of the Regulation). Validity can only be challenged through a counterclaim for a declaration of invalidity, or by way of counterclaim in so far as the defendant claims that the Community design could be declared invalid on account of an earlier national design right belonging to the defendant.
-From Inside Flap
I remember the first time I heard of a player taking his own life. Andre Waters, a hard-hitting safety for the dominant Philadelphia Eagles teams of the late 80's and early 90's killed himself in 2006. After his autopsy, it was discovered that the 44 year old Waters’ brain had degenerated to that of an 85 year old. That same year Terry Long, a retired offensive lineman drank died after drinking antifreeze. Doctors again discovered significant trauma to the brain of the 45 year old. Each of these deaths were very similar, bouts of depression combined with decreased ability to make decisions, increased violence and ultimately death. Even players like Chris Henry, the Bengals receiver who died in a strange auto accident have been discovered to have brain damage at the time of their deaths.
There are larger notes still in notebooks from meetings I've been in...
‘Querida’ Jason said, pulling me toward him, ‘let’s dance.’
It was a tense game, where fortunes kept shifting. Top of the third turn, the Predators looked like they might spoil things for everyone. Soon the Predators were all gone, and things were looking bad for the Marines, who had lost a squad and held no objectives. As Mike said, he thought the Marines would lose until things turned around for them in the fifth turn, when their firepower finally turned the tide. It was certainly a fun game to watch!
Restrictions, restrictions. Note the currency that will be hidden from view will be the euro. Can’t let the Europeans see how the yen/dollar black hole operates. They must be kept guessing.
I believe that Jesus has set us free from sin and death and in doing so He has afforded us the opportunity to fully live our lives in ways we never knew were possible before. Just sluffing (sounds appropriate) through our mundane, daily routines is not acceptable. I have found myself falling into a season of laziness the last few weeks and this pause of reflection is essential in moving forward, being productive and living as I was created to live for my sake and the sake of others.
Pages:336
Pleaing
You are showing strong emotional vampire behaviors. You may ask your loved ones if they feel drained by a specific behavior–such as being negative but being unwilling to get help. Seriously consider their suggestions about how to improve your communication. Be compassionate with yourself all along the way.
First vote’s in. Borgia has four votes, della Rovere has seven, and Orsini has six, so nobody has the required 2/3 majority.
Through a series of unfortunate circumstances, Kid Chameleon finds himself on board a train in the company of a runaway convict Slugger Sankey. The criminal hijacks the train and runs it into a tanker train with thousands of gallons of petrol standing in the station of a town. Kid and Sankey jump out as the two trains collide and explode. News come through that Kid and Sankey are responsible for hijacking the train and causing the accident. The police move in and cordon off
It really hit me.
I work "on" my business. I do not work "in" my business.
“Um, no its ok, Bantum. Relax. This is how we’re going to handle this…” said Hermel. And then he shouted without so much as sitting up, “Who goes there?!”
“You know it wasn’t the best start ever from us. I think the clutch slipped quite a lot. Fernando had a better jump than us,” Maldonado said. “It was so close, I tried to defend the position but he was already on the better part of the track, so I decided to back off and follow him.
Thank you to B& B for the review copy of this book. I received this book in exchange for an honest review and the opinions stated above are 100% mine.<U+FEFF>
Right now, I'm really wishing I had a DVD of this film on hand to illustrate the kind of attention to visual detail—right down to seemingly meaningless props—that I'm talking about. Perhaps in the near future I'll do an image essay (or maybe even a video essay?) on Ray's mise en scène in Bigger Than Life. For now, though, I will say this: After coming out of the IFC Center midday, I felt, in the course of one single theatrical screening, that I had perhaps experienced a personal breakthrough as a film-watcher. It's almost as if I hadn't actually realized what mise en scène was until Ray shook me and opened my eyes. Certainly, at the next film I watched yesterday (more on that below), I found myself doing that same eye-wandering even within a narrower aspect ratio.
2 cups sliced carrots
Also some of the stereotypes on here are SO OUTDATED!!! Perfect example "police are looking for a silver or white Chrysler 300 four-door sedan with low-profile tires and large rims"
Another late day of posting for me. I get so sidetracked with cleaning that I forgot how late it is. Anyway, I found these buttons that are buried in my room and finally putting them to good use. I stamped the stems and just added the buttons using glue dots. Hope you like it.
The most convincing portrayal of human lovesickness is in a film called The Name of the Rose. Christian Slater is an apprentice monk who falls for a stunningly sensual beggar girl played by Valentina Vargas. He has no idea what to do about it, but it doesn’t matter because she takes charge of the situation, pulling off the lad’s habit and literally engulfing him in her yearning flesh. Little Christian’s boyish bottom is exposed to the world, while Valentina mews like a cat being simultaneously stroked by eleven pairs of hands. And throughout their brief encounter, they never exchange a single word. Inevitably, it all comes to grief when a bearded troll from the Inquisition arrives at the monastery, charging around the place making reckless accusations and flashing his deadly instruments. The tragic ending is a familiar denouement in human love stories, although in this one the parted lovers do at least escape with their lives.
Scott got the .22 and took care of Dinner. Seemed like the thing to do at the time, but in hindsight, this too may have been a bad idea.
Poem
I've always liked Kanye West. He might be a bit of an acquired taste but I love him. His music, his style, his girlfriend and even his abrasive attitude towards pretty much everything. The man is undeniably talented.
Sauce Preparation:
So which license is really the friend of freedom? Which open source or free software license rises above ethics into the realm of morals and does away with threats of violence? If the license is based on the concept of copyright, it is violent and antithetical to freedom. If the license tries to force people to do or not do certain things in order to comply with copyright law it cannot be a friend of freedom.
Earlier in the year, once I had added the contents of the compost bins, along with some horse muck and spread it over the veg plots, I then sprayed it all with activated EM (or garden Yoghurt) and covered it with a large plastic sheet. This was to get some warmth into the soil and help the EM do its bit. When I later came to rotovate the soil, it was wonderfully friable. The plastic sheet went back until a couple of weeks ago, once the sun finally arrived.
This sort of leads me into the next question: telling the story from the point of view of the child allows for a slower reveal than if we'd seen it from an omniscient narrator's point of view; we've got to work a little harder as readers to put together the pieces (which is appreciated from this reader's pov). How much thought do you put into how the reader will perceive the story?
What they did was "resist", they resisted being locked up on reserves or settlements aka concentration camps, they resisted theft of not only their homeland, but their personal property and trade items that were stolen from them such as pemmican they had worked hard and long to prepare, and furs they had also worked long and hard to prepare as trade items. I am pretty sure a lot of the labour of the women went into preparation of those furs, hides, and pemmican too.
i am a sheep – of little intellect
When I finished high school in 2001, I was offered several scholarships to Otterbein College, where I'd be in a top-notch Theater program. All the scholarships put together paid for tuition and housing, so off I went with a beard I'd recently taken to wearing long and uncut and long hair to match. I brought my little brother and sister up to see campus when I moved in: a friend later told me that when he saw me for the first time, I was holding my six-year-old sister by the hand, pointing up toward what was actually my dorm room but he mistook for the heavens. Jesus is here, he thought. I am seeing a vision of Jesus on our campus.
words like, “let’s talk about it”, “I am sorry” and “please forgive
If you’ve spent the day dodging showers and are currently sat at home with a cup of tea staring out of a rain soaked window then look away from this blog now…Because that’s what today is ALL about! In contrast to our weeks of no rain and dry grounds, we’ve consistently had rain pretty much for the past week now. But we’re still in a drought, of course. With today being quite hectic and involving a bit of flitting about all over the place, I took the opportunity to take my photos whilst sat in the car. That’s right! Lazy!
source: brand – Roter Hahn / Frieder Blickle
Chapter Secretary – Julie McIver, Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield
I LOVE the chandelier, it has been so easy to clean since it doesn't have any glass. If I could take it with me I could.
I am a Midtown Atlanta resident. I am married and have lived in the Metro-Atlanta area since 1997. After living in suburbia - Alpharetta – for four years and a few months, we decided to sell the house and move to Midtown. We have lived in Midtown in a high-rise condominium since March of 2003. We enjoy cooking, theatre, museums, travel, visiting with friends, volunteering for various organizations/causes and good wine. Since moving to Midtown, I served as the on-site Community Association Manager for Metropolis Condominium Association and currently as the Community Association Manager for Colony House Condominium Association. During my down time one might find me reading a book, listening to various genres of music, editing photos on the Mac, playing video games or sitting on our balcony enjoying the view of Piedmont Park, Midtown and Downtown Atlanta. I am a member of the Midtown Neighbor’s Association (MNA), participated on the MNA Land Use Committee, Midtown Alliance Residential Council and attend various other civic/community organization meetings/events of interest. I also organized a group of 20 Midtown residential property managers who meet on a regular basis to socialize, network and share best practices/ideas related to living in-town and in multi-unit residential communities. I received the PCAM® designation, the highest designation available from Community Association Institute (CAI) which requires strict adherence to the CAI Code of Ethics and annual continuing education requirements. I hold a Community Association Manager License from the Georgia Real Estate Commission and have also earned the Association Management Specialist (AMS®) designation from CAI. I am also designated as a Certified Manager of Community Associations (CMCA®) by the National Board of Certification for Community Association Managers. I currently serve on the CAI-GA Chapter Program Committee and Legislative Action Committee. I was previously involved in the hospitality industry as General Manager and eventually as a Director of Operation for a portfolio of hotels. As General Manager, I received many company and brand awards, most notably one of my properties received the Connie Award. This award, presented by Hilton Hotels, recognizes only the top 5% of Hilton branded hotels worldwide for customer satisfaction and successful achievement of brand initiatives.
As I mentioned earlier, I worked on ‘The Hot Flashes’, a comedy starring Brooke Shields, Daryl Hannah and Wanda Sykes. I also just finished working on ‘The Host’, starring the incandescently talented Saoirse Ronan. And I’m just starting work on a film called ‘Beautiful Creatures’, starring Jeremy Irons and Viola Davis. So far, 2012 is looking good!
Hail-e Se-las-sie is the cha-aa-pel-llll
Tues: Baked ziti ( freezing half for later, this makes a great freezer meal).
Students cheat
Poor dog still didn’t't get any but it certainly got his seal of approval!
So how does the elder son respond to this last entreaty? We don’t know. The cliffhanger ending here is masterful, with Jesus in effect saying to the Pharisees and lawyers to whom he told the parable, and by extension to we who overhear today, “the doors of the kingdom of God are thrown open. Tax collectors and prostitutes and all manner of those who squandered the inheritance are coming to their senses, and going in to dine at the feast. Your God and Father is glad to welcome them. So are you going to stand outside and grouse about, indeed publicly decry, his generosity? Or will you go in to your Father’s party with your brothers and sisters and be happy?”
Our very first challenge when the Founding Femmes, Shar and Ali, started was a color challenge to celebrate the new blog and its name. It seems fitting that we finish with the same colorful challenge! So let's get to it!
Even a match made in heaven, may have to go through hell to survive!
As a reader, I personally like a wide variety of characters. I love the selfless wall flowers like Fanny Price as much as the witty and brash Elizabeth Bennet. (Both Jane Austen characters, btw ;)
Someone I was never pals with, but he wasn't part of the enemy camp either.
Sorry for my lack of posting yesterday. I was too busy waiting in line for some Concords. Anyway, I hope this day finds you all with your loved ones, surrounded by good food and, of course, lots of loot.
Yesterday was Boxing Day. It was also Dave-O's and my 23rd anniversary. You might be thinking we were crazy to plan a wedding the day after Christmas and we're too old and tired to put up much of a fight on that count. But back then, we were young (22) and naive (wondered if the soundtrack to Rocky was the theme song for Boxing Day). We were in college and it was Christmas break.
All the genre tropes are here. Whisky, hat, cigarettes and wisecracks, all feature. There are mysterious forces at work trying to prevent Joe from reaching his goal, but he tenaciously sniffs out every lead. He’s the type of PI who takes fists to a gunfight, yet somehow stays alive. So on one level, there’s not a lot new here, but this book has a lot of levels.
at the same time your heart and you want to.
“Ohh bad idea.”
Suddenly the internet is sitting next to TV in the front seat of driving news…and it looks like TV doesn’t know which direction to head.
'cause you just never know!
1 Thes 4:9 (Phi) …as regards brotherly love, you don’t need any written instructions. God himself is teaching you to love each other.
We could use the cash a garage sale, or craigslist/ebay whatever would merit, but with a barely working camera and the major headache of a garage sale and a husband who works most Saturdays lately and a broken down truck in the driveway.... I don't know if it's even worth it. I did sale some furniture already, (though I deeply regret selling this chair)... but I really need new couches (and to repair that dang truck) and so the money, even if not much sounds great. So, I know it will either be a garage sale, or I am calling up a charity to come and haul off tons and tons of boxes and can only hope that we could get a decent tax write off.
Proven, flexible, individualized learning solutions
Are the hippies and kids of the 1970's like the Flappers of the 1920's to this generation? The answer is yes.
I’m very excited to see more Clone Wars-related Ackbar merchandise. I knew it would take a while (Ackbar appeared on The Clone Wars back in September 2011) but it looks like patience has finally paid off.
I did the cupboards above my washer and dryer for this. I wish I could say my laundry soap and stuff go here, but they just don't fit. My shelves don't move, and so most of my laundry stuff doesn't fit. I keep them on the side of the washer and on the dryer until I can figure something else out, or we move.
Well maybe I got a little Karmic some of the time, I spoke to my daughter and who enjoyed getting my letter, photos etc. this week, But I think that I already feel good enough about that, so maybe = Zero Karma points (but lots of warm fuzzies…), no my daughter did love the extra effort = 10 points
“Okay…I guess you’re right.”
And let's close out the month of January with our final look at the cthulhus of 2011.
*Gulp*
So in our text, Paul uses the word “exhort.” “I exhort you to be of good cheer.” This means to urge. He was emphatic. Just as God takes no delight in our sadness, neither do God’s people. Paul had a great burden for his shipmates. He was urging them to believe the good news.
Is that the most fucked up thing you've ever heard?
“There is no compulsion in Islam. Certainly, right has become clearly distinct from wrong.”
The King's Speech won.
1/3 c pitted kalamata olives, chopped
I'm so afraid of waking
On the nose - Black treacle and liquorice. Bold, rich and quietly terrifying.
This is where I thought to myself,
Libby Kelting had always felt herself born out of time. No wonder the historical romance-reading, Jane Austen-adaptation-watching, all-around history nerd jumped at the chance to intern at Camden Harbor, Maine’s Oldest Living History Museum. But at Camden Harbor Libby’s just plain out of place, no matter how cute she looks in a corset. Her cat-loving coworker wants her dead, the too-smart-for-his-own-good local reporter keeps pushing her buttons, her gorgeous sailor may be more shipwreck than dreamboat — plus Camden Harbor’s haunted. Over the course of one unforgettable summer, Libby learns that boys, like ghosts, aren’t always what they seem.
Yep, it seems I'm finally getting better, I've made it back to blogland ! For those who don't know why I've been AWOL, An unexpected 10 day stint in the hospital with Kidney stones, Kidney drain, Ruptured kidney, urosepsis etc etc has had me in it's grasp, fortunately I've been home recovering for the last 2 weeks and am finally starting to feel like myself again, it's not all over yet, I still have the drain & the stones and will be having a few more visits to the hospital to sort it all out ! .. But that I can live with now that I am feeling so much better.
and i'm back from the brink of becoming an evil crochet genius. it's back safely in its cage. and now.... back to your regularly scheduled program. mine is this:
My friend works as an agent for an Immobilier.
<U+C9C0><U+D718><U+BD09> <U+B300><U+C2E0> mic<U+B97C> <U+B4E4><U+C5B4> check it up now
My brother’s death-story was different from Mark’s, centrally, I believe, because he stayed in AA where for whatever reasons Mark could only pass through its periphery on the way back to the bottle. I doubt more than family will attend Mark’s memorial; more than 300 showed up for my brother’s, all the people he had helped, shared the pains of growing with, celebrated with the love of live that comes from surrender of the bottle. A tale of two deaths defined, in different ways, by the secret quest for spirit inside the terrible drowning-pool of a bottle of distilled spirits.
Roll between two sheets wax paper until it is ¼-1/8 inch thick.
The next batch was not nearly as lucky. The way we do this is drive the ranch until we spot swine. We then hop out and stalk within range. Sometimes it’s fifty yards, sometimes 300. Everyone picks a hog and cleans up, hopefully. It is exciting stuff experiencing five rifles bark at once. It’s frenzied. Hog squealing, folks yelling, brass being shucked out just as fast as the action works. It’s dessert after a long winter and spring of meticulous deer and turkey hunting.
If you are twitter you have seen the hashtag, #happyinCLE. It was started by the Convention and Visitors Bureau to prove that there are plenty of happy people in Cleveland.
In 2010, we applied for Anna’s visa. We were given a 12 month tourist visa which was promptlt stamped with the 676 No Further Stay condition. A condition which seems to apply to such countries that are deemed “high risk”. But, according to some, that could be waivered based on thr fact as have been married for some years AND have a son who IS an Australian citizen.
it and wanted to buy one. I actually enjoy doing
9) The UN Genocide Law, SPECIFICALLY recognizes the existence of RACE as an ‘Identifiable Group’, to prevent what anti-Whites like you are doing right now.
You belong here if … your heart skips a beat every time you see a pink slip in your mailbox, until you remember it’s probably either a textbook or your box partner’s.
In this wide-ranging, engaging interview, Mohib offers his views and discusses:
Lemon shower gel back when I was a child. I distinctly remember being said child, and reading the back of the bottle, which spoke about the company’s founder (have no idea who this was as there doesn’t seem to be any reference to it online anymore) Who had run away as a teenager and set up the company. I just loved the idea of a renegade shower gel aficionado running round the country for the causes of cleanliness. I’m pretty sure it wasn’t that exciting, but as a child I was sold on the career path of runner-awayer and shower gel creator!
The subject of the HBO double Emmy Award-winning documentary Autism: The Musical, The Miracle Project is an organization which brings Autistic children together to help them uncover their potential through music, dance, acting, storytelling and writing.
The actor apparently called in to the protest to say he couldn’t make it, but some demonstrators didn’t believe it was really Danny Glover on the call.
I didn’t read enough of the story to see why Barrack needed one of these animal pelt shirts, but since he’s the President, I’m sure he has a very good reason. Considering the never-ending game of one upsmanship in Washington, it’s only a matter of time before certain high ranking members of congress start showing up in the halls of power wearing Sasquatch loafers with the little tassels on them.
There's a long hill leading into downtown Frankfort, and as we bumped along in the school bus en route to the capitol building, two blondes in a red Ferrari convertible zipped up alongside us. The bus listed a bit as every boy on the trip crowded the left side, trying to ogle the blondes, while all of the girls instantly assumed a frosty demeanor. When the boys didn't immediately cease the drooling and staring, I announced, loudly, at Hopkins: "If you don't sit down RIGHT NOW, I will incinerate your physics homework when we get home."
Cricut Expression and Once Upon a Princess
Unconfirmed rumors report that contact has been lost with the Emperor’s Star Destroyer as it was making its return journey from the planet of Xagobah where he had been inspecting a new facility.
The Explanation: I have my classes arranged in pods of 4. I passed out one problem to each pod. I told the groups that for the next 10 minutes, each group was going to become an expert on this problem and that during these 10 minutes, I am going to do everything in my power to help them become experts – I’m going to check their answers, ask them questions, show them the next steps if they get stuck – do whatever is necessary for them to become experts. This is important because after those 10 minutes, I’m going to give them the sheet of paper that has all the questions on it and they have to answer all of them before the end of the period. But, this shouldn’t be too bad, because there are 4 experts for every question around the room – so if you get stuck, just find an expert. It is important to me that every person in the group understand and that every person be able to explain their problem – this is important because if someone asks you how to do it, you better be able to explain it. This is also important because if you ask me how to do it, I’m gonna shrug my shoulders and tell you to ask the expert.
“Blrrrwb!”
And hooray, it's Friday! I'm really looking forward to this weekend, which should involve some more couch (and therefor blog) time than the last one. We'll be seeing some bands, going to a sort-of art opening, and having lunch with some friends. What are you up too?
It would seem that I think quite differntly to alot of people and there always seemed to be a catch to the friendship.
Finding high quality organic food close to your home is not as difficult as it sounds. The bottom line is look for farmers who are practicing sound organic farming principles and are producing small amounts of food.
3KCBWDAY3: Day 3: 25th April
The music is highly percussive, often sacrificing melody in favor of CHUG, with a dual low growl/high shriek vocal attack and blasting drumming. At times, the music is gorgeous, thanks to some smooth, eerie synth pads and a few melodic guitar solos here and there. This can best be noticed on tracks like The Glass Side, with its brooding background atmospherics, and Numerical Scheme, which features one of the most beautiful intros I've ever heard before collapsing into spastic, brutal riffing and chaotic vocal delivery. Other songs, like Punisher or Winter Is Coming Soon, are straight-up bone breakers and should do a decent job of crushing your spine under a fuckton of metal.
We will be hosting a contest in my blog and they will be sponsoring some great prizes as part of their Christmas Countdown Giveaways! I will tell you more about it soon. So stay tuned!^_^
Highlight the bold side of nature’s palette by creating your own display with a few easy to find materials. First pick out the style & number of frames for your wall. On a piece of cold press board (a sturdy textured paper) paint the outline of the paper about an inch big using imperfect strokes using frisket ( a liquid that masks areas you don’t want painted.) Pick out different branches of foliage, the best flowers and leaves to use have defined shapes avoid slender stems or wispy leaves. Try to collect pieces that lay flat for a bolder look then paint over them using your favorite color spray paint using spring colors for a bright new edge in any room.
When you’re looking at portraits
Never true
As we hot-footed back to John's hostel John said excitely through mouthfuls of March mist: “Dat bag we made d'ere, da B, it'll be our parting fix for all dis shit man. You'll come'on up ta mine, ya will, we'll spoon and share it, sure... loike sharing a drink. A proper farewell, ya know?”
Here are a few more of the appliqué block finishes.
“yo ur cute as fuck!”.
He was held in such high repute for virtue that the people of Jerusalem called him “The Just”; and when the time of the siege came, instead of attributing the frightful punishment they then endured to the deicide they or their fathers had committed, they would have it be a consequence of the murder of James, who, when dying, prayed for his people. The admirable epistle he has left us bears testimony to the gentleness and uprightness of his character. He there teaches us, with the eloquence of an inspired writer, that works must accompany our faith if we would be just with that justice which makes us like our Risen Lord.
Monday 9th
Interestingly enough, mid-way through The artist there is a dream – well, for the silent movie heart-throb awakening to the reality of the brave new talkie world – nightmare sequence when the music stops and all you get are silence and disproportionately loud domestic sound effects. It’s a disorientation that takes us down the conceptual road to the new show at Milton Keynes Gallery. Artist Daria Martin‘s ‘survey exhibition’ consists of four short 16mm films, projected on screens in the dark. I’ll quote from the exhibition guide notes:
As all of you know, Dom has been a key member of the Department of Athletics leadership team. In 13 years of service to the university, Dom has elevated and expanded athletics development, including directing the expansion of the Athletic Director's Club and the Colonials Club, leading the annual golf tournament and spearheading numerous other fundraisers. The programs he began will continue to support and enhance the student-athlete experience for many years to come.
03 Garbage-Stupid Girl (Red Snapper Instrumental Mix)
…aaand welcome to the world of contracts in the music industry! Music Law class will hopefully help us see through the mumbo-jumbo and understand the actual agreement before we sign anything!
Well, I’m tired of laughing at myself over a situation that plagues so many otherwise hygienic people. “No matter how you shake and dance, the last drop’s always on your pants” makes for a playful adolescent rhyme, but I’m sick of having it ringing in my ears every 90 minutes like some particularly bizarre ABBA tune. For too long, the slightly incontinent have hidden in the shadows, peeing themselves in shame, paralyzed by the ever-present fear that someone will shine a light into that shadow and scare us into a lethal blockage. I say enough is enough. It’s time I was praised for my ingenuity instead of disgraced for a thoroughly natural glitch in my plumbing.
I used coconut palm sugar in this recipe, a relatively new ingredient to me, but one I’ve grown pretty fond of. It’s the dried sap from the coconut palm flower and is the “no brainer” of sugar replacements, as you can swap it 1:1 for the white processed stuff. I’ll talk more about coconut palm sugar in another post, but if you can’t get a hold of any try using any dry sweetener that you like.
-Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. From lemon, grate 1 tablespoon peel and squeeze 4 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice. Set aside and great 9 x 5 loaf pan.
So, what did I use? Yin and yang, the traditional symbol of balance, of good and evil, light and dark. It fit, it was just too bad that those words had just left my friend's mouth. And yes, I was accused of stealing, and I looked on sheepishly and felt shame, but not so much that I would admit to outright stealing. After all, it's not copyrighted and who would be able to prove that such a daliance took place, a thievery of words and phrases. I sure as hell wouldn't own up to it - I have a rep to manage.
I felt at peace with the price board, Its better to drink my thirst and eat my hunger.
Now my love of the classics runs VERY deep and my love of the Underdog was discussed in a previous post ... so this just seemed to run right in line with that...... If you have never read this book... you really must. The Dodger is such a scamp, and a thief and really just a kid looking for love --- in all the wrong places. But true to form Dickens creates a world where he manages to take a lost child and harbor him.
As if nature didn’t present me with a big enough gift/surprise with seeing deer in our woods the other day, Katie and I were treated to another gift when visiting my Mom. She was having a good day. A really good day.
Finally got some sleep (restless– but will have to do).
This is a simple and balanced one dish meal that can easily be altered to suit your taste; replace the sausages with some firm tofu, add a can of chickpeas or your favourite vegetables perhaps?
Time for a beer. Out of any damned glass you want.
D) Change to another religion at any given moment
They do aren’t the more customers’.
I've cut characters from manuscripts before. Body counts are nothing new for my revision process. But this one hurt more than the others because I loved him so much.
Then when a woman of that town, who was a sinner, learned that Jesus was dining at the Pharisee’s house, she brought an alabaster jar of perfumed oil. As she stood behind him at his feet, weeping, she began to wet his feet with her tears. She wiped them with her hair, kissed them, and anointed them with the perfumed oil.
The cheese-like substance inside a Hot Pocket is not cheese.
As is often the case, many of the measures in the Budget had been released, leaked or alluded to in the days leading up to the Budget itself, so there weren’t a lot of surprises in the announcement itself.
3. Higher Transport Costs
Taib’s expectation that the faction of six Aduns loyal to him would win the party election was dashed. Of the six aduns, four are Dayaks and herein lies Taib’s fear.
(*Village Green Preservation Society is truly my number one, but since it made your list, I left it off.)
Table 1. Plutonium Material Balance
Say you have an old man who's grumpy and crotchety. He's always yelling at the kids to get off his lawn. Pretty cliche, right? You can almost see the prototypical old man sitting on a chair, or maybe a porch swing, in front of an old house that's badly in need of repair and a new paint job. You can see his manicured lawn, in contrast to the house, it's well cared for.. yet also a little neglected in spots. Maybe the grass is burnt in a couple of places.. the path up to his door has cement that's cracked, and there's some spots where some grass is grown through the cracks. Maybe his mailbox leans a little and has some cobwebs on it because he doesn't get any mail, not even junk mail.
Jesphan whipped around and his organge hazel eyes burned through him. He could even feel the proverbial heat inflame his body.
He can't stop staying exactly the same
You claim must come before me
A hybrid between stealth, action, and puzzle, Warp is one of two currently-released titles from the Canadian indie developer Trapdoor Inc., the other being Fez for the rarely-known PlayStation-esque NES hardware clone, the PolyStation. Considering Trapdoor has clearly not had much taste in the more popular gaming culture, can Warp be their first success?…Well, kind of. GameSpot’s Jeremiah Johnson said that although the game had merits (enjoyable puzzles, charming balance of gore and cuteness, superb visuals, tough leaderboard challenge rooms), it also had its flaws, like clunky controls and some trial-and-error puzzles. On high, he said that it was an “entertaining top-down puzzler” that was still, however, weighed down. He gave the game a 6.5/10, which ranks as “fair” on the meter, an above-average level. Users were slightly more positive, upping the ranks to 7.2. IGN’s Daemon Hatfield was a lot more positive for the game, however. He called it “brainy and amusing”, and despite some hiccups around the final half of the game, he highly recommended it as a “rich, satisfying adventure.” He gave it an 8.5/10, which is not only “great” on the meter, but also received an Editor’s Choice award. So, yeah. IGN really likes this game. Joystiq gave it a 3/5-star score, saying that it wasn’t particularly memorable, and didn’t quite create an identity for itself, and pulled the inspiration from the many corners of gaming’s landscape, and for that reason, Warp got degraded a bit more. Game Informer gave the game a 6.75/10 score, saying that it was “promising at first, but it becomes more tedious as it progresses”. They said the simple factors of the game weren’t enough to make a standout in the Arcade, and that anyone looking to go deeper should choose a different game. Overall, Warp overall may have fatal flaws that push it back, but it does have its moments. Approach the game with caution.
We usually do not have a hard time finding unskilled laborers for tent crew and we do not place inexperienced employees in our animal department. Please inquire about positions with our company if you have specific skills or experience. If it is not a traditional circus skill or it’s an “off the wall” experience, let us know what you think you would contribute to our organization.
But there's so much unspoken
Indian Ocean Trade
15/08 19:25 W 10,000 Metres Final
The first is Ann Margaret and Al Hirt with “Baby it’s Cold Outside.” This version is the best I have ever heard. It’s super sexy, which is something that is lacking in most Christmas jingles. Sadly, I cannot say the same for Al Hirt (he looks really creepy in this clip), but you know… we can’t all be timeless sex symbols like Ms. Margaret.
Put the butter into a food processor and process until smooth. Add the brown sugar and salt, and process until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and stir in the flour and pecans with a rubber spatula. Spread the mixture out over a piece of parchment or wax paper, and freeze for 20 minutes.
Rick Porcello:
places behind its Plateau
At almost forty? Nothing. I used to dislike my ears and my forehead. My ears stuck out when I was twelve or thirteen and my forehead was too broad. With the passing of time I found out that the reason my ears stuck out was because of my ability to appreciate good music and my forehead was ample because I thought problems through.
I took an old man spill yesterday while pitching in middle school pe. I had bad shoes that wouldn't allow me to stop being propelled towards a ball that I was trying to catch. I fell on my shoulder, doing a tuck and roll, then rolled right over summersault, was back on my feet and the one little girl tossed me the ball to start pitching again. I didn't have time to think about what had happened but am a little achy today. I guess the little girl thought I was 13 and I roll around while playing the game all the time.
So many good thoughts here. Hard to know what to add, though grateful for them all.
One glass of red drained and another on the go, my fingers are actually, perceptibly ITCHING to unsnap her bra. If I had suddenly found myself possessed of that boyish skill (unhooking with a it's practically single hand) I can't swear I would have abstained.
My inner sense of curiosity of ‘where I could go on two wheels’ now had me scoping out the local library and researching the internet. Cycling is one of life’s simple pleasures and I really wanted more of it…
There may be some hay and pumpkins on the stoop, but there also a lot of gardening action going on chez GWI—even in late October.
Wait… isn’t this supposed to be for kids?
to help
Needless to say, the quality is top-notch, with each disc bearing the image of each Servant and the associated Command Spells on the back of the disc casing. Especially the Command Spells, which were printed with a shiny, silvery colour – absolutely gorgeous in a other words. Overall, the packaging is much better than say, the BD of the Haruhi movie.
I will give you back your health again and heal your wounds.
- Washable coated canvas lining
I am choosing to shout from the mountains tops the glory of my GOD! I will do it in this moment and pray that I have enough of Him to be strong enough to do it in the next moment.
You only see them at work, or college,
Unsure if she wants me in her pussy but she has no choice
Love is not the dream, that our every similarity seems to consist,
Most mothers are always shopping around to re-decorate and buy new furniture for their house at the best prices. Why not give them the selection and prices they will be happy about. With over 20,000 items in stock, the possibilities are endless.
unfortunately the cupcakes have been eaten, and kitty now has a home, but the dresser is still there for the taking. :) here is the original post on it. it'd be a really great dresser for a fun kid's room, or a perfect changing table for a nursery.
The duo, whose faces have been covered all through the trial and would never be recognized by any of us if we were to see them without cover, is appealing their case in August.
the body of Christ,
2 (two) winners will be selected. Contest is open to US and Canadian residents only and will end 2/15/09 at midnight.
Anyway, I may do this thing. I'll play in an eery, haunting fashion, hoping to wrench a little more guilt out of each parishioner. It is your fault that they tacked the boy up.
Exercise -- 20 - 45 minutes
Phone 0191-5285536
“It’s a pretty high level,” Meade said. “There’s no easy games.
BG: He was freaked about it being too soon. He’s like pacing around the living room, waving his arms, you know, talking loud. Gary lets him go on for a while and finally just says, “Calm yourself, Newley.”
Hello, and welcome back to another challenge at Creative Card Crew! We are glad that you are here.
Haha. I love being in the minority (except for discrimination, but let’s not go there). Usually I”m the only young one in a crowd of old (like legitly old) people because old people have class like I do.
Move: 10 (swimming)
10. Hey Little Rich Girl
plus shipping/handling.
When I finished up, I put the sweeper back together to finalize the floors, and casually thought to myself, "after this, I'll change out the bag, and it will be fresh next time I need it."
11 Wet, Weird & Smeared 10:14
So, I’ve decided to be less dramatic and stern with my own babes and more calm, yet firm to see if that helps improve their behavior and our family life in general.
David and Andrew Ong (2 Brothers) with the award for best Victorian Beer
Hit the beach
I'm part of of the new Midwest Moms group from Verizon Wireless. They have provided me with a Motorola Xoom and a Verizon data plan for six months and set me loose to share my experiences.
As you know I have been working on my crafts for the upcoming craft fair in November. I figure because it is in November I should have some nods to Christmas.
HEARTS AT STAKE by Alyxandra Harvey
I mainly wanted to draw your attention to Olafur & Nils first collaboration...Please see below :D
The next day we heard shouting from the field which we think was the farmer cajoling the horses into transport for market. We never saw them again.
Just to be clear, no, I'm NOT expecting. I just love these sheep and I will quilt the panel and hang it in my sewing room.
In my opinion, this is the single best local food and folk art event in Mexico. Probably 99% of expo visitors are Mexicans (and most Mexicans from Mexico City), and they are on to something. The expo is a trip around the country under one roof.
Sam Solomon’s book about Islamic immigration into the West and Jihad, called the Trojan Horse, describes the jihadist ideology behind mass Muslim migration. The liberal/left denounce it of course, but the Islamists are well aware of the effectiveness of infiltration. Abu Baseer, is a London based spiritual adviser to Ansar ul-Islam, a jihadist organisation. He had this to say about Islamic immigration to the West. Quote:
Your flowing strength
This time, they also wanted a pee sample. So mom took Dunc out front and followed him around with a tupperware like container trying to capture they "essence de Duncan". It took three times. Dunc told me it was like a fun game. Mom was not amused.
I like the way that the album flows… It goes hard, slows down, picks up again, then slows down again… But the energy remains constant. A lot of times, when an album slows down, you lose all the energy you were building up. Not with this one…
I rejoice now, because maturity has allowed me to see,
which means getting approval from a government committee ( or, in Boston,
Q. Describe your job. What does the executive director of the Reese Felts Digital Project do?
Authors have been writing stories inspired by video games since I first began reading science fiction in the 1970's, and for far longer than that they've been writing fiction to illustrate the dehumanizing effects of war. Yet in "'Run,' Bakri Says," Ferrett Steinmetz manages to do both in an original and powerful way.
We need to make sure that the client is clear on the intent – awareness, sales, etc. – of any campaign (or project). When the client does not have a clear vision of what they would like to achieve, we don’t know where we should end up.
Update (3:40 PM): In comments, a reader asked why I did not go to the media. My response:
How I think this ties in with the notion of their being no mistakes, is that sometimes it is possible to use whatever happens in any moment as something useful and beautiful. I had a great time recently where in the middle of one of my songs I completely forgot the words. I stopped the song, held the silence in the air for a while, retried it, still couldn’t remember the lyrics, held my arm up in the air for silence, told everyone it would be worth the wait, then carried on with the song exactly at the point I’d left it once I remembered the lyrics.
Anwaar: How are you so sure?
Everything seemed as normal as I remembered it, and I was able to give double units of platelets. What I didn’t realize is that because it was approximately a year since my last platelet donation, this time was like my first. The body sort of gets used to it with time, and by that I mean this: Your initial donation usually has, um, side effects, and everyone is different in this. The most common thing to happen while undergoing the procedure is a tingly feeling in your lips and face. For this, they give you TUMS, calcium supplements, which really does alleviate that feeling. When donating, they use an anticoagulant such as sodium citrate. A very good post with information is here. I had a very good phlebotomist this time and was reminded of the time at a different hospital when the phleb. messed up both of my arms and I could not donate at all that day… got me really mad because it was quite a drive for me during the end of the day commute craziness.
1953 + ‘54 + ‘55 The Tournament of Roses Parade (line producer for live broadcast of three successive New Year’s Day Parades in Pasadena.)
Aren’t these just stunning? I really love the teal and obviously the pink is a big winner with me. These are just four of the colours available. There is also green, purple and red.
I'm pinching myself ...how blessed am I?!
He conceded that it was a lot.
Thanks for nothing, Pat.
these bright sparks are escalated up the ladder. Obviously nobody told
Conditions can make you moan
Phreak: What do I do?
the unreasonable optimism
Sometimes I like to discuss certain things, if they happen to be on my mind. But if some deep topic isn’t currently on the docket, I tend to completely ignore this blog.
I will update this page over the next few Days/Weeks So come back often and COMMENT, review and add your stories
Wordsworth
I know that diamonds
Do – take a tour around the terminal. When I went for my journey around the terminal I was able to see gates that had lights off, were away from noise and other things like that .
and ‘mid these dancing rocks at once and ever,
My bed is cozy and light as a cloud
College education is not just about academics. A student participates in a number of extra curricular activities during his college years. He works on a number of presentations and assignments as well. Many experts in the field are often called at colleges to give lectures to the students. All these things help in molding the personality of a person. It is a known fact that higher education does help in improving a person's reasoning, analytical and problem solving skills. Also, many of the students stay away from their families for the first time in their lives during their college years. Thus, they tend to become more responsible and serious about life while studying at college.
Happy or Moody most of the time: Happy! And Lots of Energy!
And supper with a gf since I will be in town anyway!
Some paid person at io9.com writes:
“Bitch, Look At Me Now” by Childish Gambino (1)
I am really getting excited about Traveller since there are no other races left before it. I have trained extremely hard the last several months and put in a lot of miles before other races just to build up my endurance for my next 100. I am ready to run this race more than any other race I have done. I am looking forward to having so many other people I know running and hopefully I will have the opportunity to run with them for a while. I feel I am prepared physically and mentally for this next challenge.
1 T dried cilantro ( 2-3 T, if using fresh)
I know it seems like there are a lot of ingredients.. and there are. You can use what you have on hand and the soup will still be good.
Welp, I hope you all have had a great Friday! I am going to sit and wait for a call from an insurance company…don’t be jealous…
There have been a couple of thousand comments in Malay on YouTube to this. DAP followers should read these responses as the public reaction bears closer examination.
oh them there are fightin words! where did they come from? Must be the 'mean' me talkin tonight cause the 'nice' me is over there on the couch watchin icarly on foxtel AGAIN aruugghhh so sick of watchin these kids programs! When will I get control of the remote????
Well, we thought today was going to be a rainy day but the sun managed to sneak out. I love to see the sun here in Juneau. When the sun shines it makes you want to get out of the house even if it's to run errands.
Please excuse the upcoming half-week delay in new posts. An upcoming thermodynamics exam is hitting the grad student/blog author hard, so things have been pushed back. As a brief preview for what is getting pushed back: we’ve got another installment in the quasi-feature Indie 101 on the way, and a bit of opinion on the hilariously poor Columbus Blue Jackets season (fair warning: I am a Columbus fan so they’ll get more than a bit of attention on this blog).
A transformation like a fairy tale
during the tidy-up you took the eth or the the out of methodology
* Its been a very sad week in our district/school. This afternoon, we will say goodbye to a fellow coworker who lost her battle with cancer. One of our elementary classrooms lost a student this week and one of my students lost her father this week. Please say a prayer for all those affected by these deaths.
I also added info about the rest of the outfit.
For those of you who follow this here blog, you are well aware of the fact that little Miss Katie from Keep Calm & Carry On and myself vacayed together last week in the BEAUTIFUL Naples, Florida.
And Lastly the hubby really out did himself this time. For the birth of our daughter and our 10 year anniversary he surprised me with this.
He also wanted to know where Ireland was, so he went off to get his globe ball and we found it on the map!
Purple Brazill cs measures 4.25" x 5.50". I used the cloud techique on the white mat with blue ink. The grass was cut from Everyday Paper Dolls and embossed with Swiss Dots through the cuttlebug. I stamped the Peachy Keen Flowers and colored them with my copics and cut them out and put them on pot dots. The cloud was cut from April Showers and emblossed with Devine Swirls. I then glittered the swirls with stickles.
Now I think it is time to put my feet up and enjoy some mushroom and avocado on toast ....
He is also the only blogger of my acquaintance to note the passing at 83 of the man who invented hard rock-- in 1958!-- Link Wray, the man whose "Rumble" was the only instrumental ever banned on AM radio.
Early in Bernard Ramm’s writings, he shared the evangelical suspicion, but in his After Fundamentalism publication, he embraced Barth’s doctrine of scripture. Ramm, realizing the Modernist-Fundamentalist debates left evangelicalism without an engaging and winsome response to modernity, adopted a “Barthian” theology of the Word as a model for theological engagement with modernity’s “crisis of representation.”
There’s not much pattern anywhere else, though. A simple brown and white comforter dresses the bed, and linen-colored drop cloths trimmed with grosgrain ribbon serve as drapery. “Keeping everything in chocolate and white unites it all,” she says.
Since we're making you wait so much, here's a little summary of what's coming soon...
Although myself, I don’t think it’s necessary for them to have all these things, i think that the rest of the world is kinda forcing my hand here..
The "Top 3" chosen by the DT this week and in no particular ortder, are as follows:
How can I know what God wants me to be?
Trouble is, although our weather forecasters could agree what code red meant, no one in charge could seem to agree what this meant we should do.
It is important to note that this is not cash -- it is a commercial paper that may be exchanged into cash, but not itself cash. Although it is sometimes used like cash, many places of business would refuse to take banker's check as a form of payment. (For example, more of than not, you would not be able to use the banker's check to pay for your meal at a restaurant.)
New May Menu, please note that the pub is open lunchtimes Fri/Sat & Sun for food 12-2pm & 6-9pm.
Work, after all, is my reason for needing rest! Or so I thought. It is this "burden" of work and ministry that has made me so "weary". Or is it? As I was in the midst of pointing a finger at the success of ministry as the source of my burden, I suddenly realized that I was pointing in the wrong direction! It is failure that has plagued me with a heavy burden, a weary soul.
If that seems vague...it is. Here's another definition: low-alcohol, but not low-taste. It's subjective. Live with it, and enjoy it. We're here to help make your night out more fun, more tasty, and more safe. Cheers!
So, I looked up apple picking online, and found a great review for this adorable little organic orchard, "Apples and Art". It starts with an apple talk, then you get to go pick, and at the end, you get to make cider.
1 significant
1 1/3 cups mayonnaise
First, I was in the preparatory seminary—a high school for boys considering the priesthood—not a full-blown seminary, WHIP. (I stopped considering the priesthood when it dawned on me that I could still wear dresses, fuck boys, and live in a big house filled with Catholic kitsch without becoming a priest.)
That tells us something important – that in this supposed aged of all-encompassing modernity, myths and indeed gods are coming to life just as they always have.This world of animation almost completes eludes the chattering classes to whom India’s diverse peoples are almost an embarrassment in a supposedly global village where everyone is supposed to understand that Mocha is a kind of coffee.
With the season hitting high gear on the way to the World Championships next month, Rome sits in the position of coming off an exciting Lausanne meet. With the weather playing a factor for many in Switzerland, I had to take a look at the weather report for Rome tomorrow.
“In the revealed scriptures it is declared that the spiritual master should be worshiped like the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and this injunction is obeyed by pure devotees of the Lord. The spiritual master is the most confidential servant of the Lord. Thus let us offer our respectful obeisances unto the lotus feet of our spiritual master.”
Any advice would be greatly appreciated!!
The mountains may be moist or dry, but they tend to be scraped free of much vegetation, even as this may show the hand of man and not nature as the preserves shrink for habitats amidst an always-increasing population, often in sensitive political as well as environmental zones. "The mountains gave man soil, provided him with food, and stored his water, but he has taken almost everything, leaving the earth's bones bare. The snow leopard might well serve as symbol of man's commitment to the natural world." (50) I read this wondering how this predicament might have altered since. (Amazon US 3-14-2012, "pi" day.)
I see the tree. Nothing else around. I get some rope, fake her handwriting, make a noose. Get Robert to meet her there later. Act all romantic and ask her to go for walk.
Well, producers and directors can't seem to get enough of him, anyway. How else can you explain this chestnut getting dug up again and again this time of year? Yes, old Scrooge is something of a tradition, and who am I to argue with tradition?
In lieu of many ad and PR campaigns, the Coborns Plaza have yet to fill over half of their occupancy. Out of the 461 available rooms, 225 have been filled. And despite the current vacancy, Residential Life predicts that the number will rise to somewhere between 300 and 385 for next year.
If you treat a horse that belongs to someone else - most of the time, you're actually 'treating' the person or trying to convince the person to 'treat' the horse in a certain way - so that the horse can heal itself. It is not an exchange of energy between you and the horse - it is more than that. I've learned that if you don't hit the pocket right there and then, then nothing is taken seriously - there is a 'block' in the flow of 'energy' and in the end it is the horse that suffers.
Michael appears and informs Hurley he's there to stop Hurley from getting everyone killed. Hurley stays quiet while holding his dead flower.
Tonight we go for our tour of the new hospital where we'll have this baby... which makes everything even more real! Our doctors are now delivering at a brand new hospital in Mt. Pleasant, instead of the nice new one where we had Alli... so we need to get a feel of where L&D is, where the postpartum unit is, cafeteria for Dad-E, etc. Who knows, it could only be 3 weeks or so until this little one decides they want to join our nutty family! But, I don't know, if they can hear their crazy sister, crazy dog, and crazy parents, they may just want to stay put inside where it's safe for now. All I know is I can't wait to hold an infant again!!
I remember being five. Six. Seven. And eight and nine and ten. And candy was such a treat to have. Usually it had to have chocolate because fruity candies and me? Yeah. It was not love at first sight.
Why consumers keep asking for great clothing... that fit and are their within budget!
“My cousins are lucky to have found you. I’m afraid they were getting overwhelmed by the place and had started to let it get pretty run down.”
Stampin' Write Markers and Ink: Tempting Turquoise, Daffodil Delight, Basic Gray
‘Do you have another card, ma’am?’ Is one of the worst phrases that someone can say to you, really. I mean, I know I am approaching 35 but I have big plans for an all year long party that will probably involve laser tag. How does that sound for grown up?
So make plans today to shine brightly in our dark world.
Re-purpose and re-use!
Can you see how your sales would absolutely explode if you were able to do this? The good news is that lots of salespeople are already doing it with great success, and you can too.
Bronchitis is working its way out of my system and I am looking forward to an easy week of easing back into my running groove. Jim gets back Tuesday night (He has been in Las Vegas for a work trip for the past several days) and Noah and I are looking forward to seeing him. It has definitely been a little harder being sick and not having the extra help.
“My friends helped me very much. I had friends in each city. Now my dream is to travel to the Far East.”
After I wrote about the issue at Total Wine, it didn't take long for me to be contacted by the people running things. In fact, they contacted before I even realized it. The Business Development Manager, Rob Hill started to follow me on Twitter, and attempted to contact me by posting comments om my posts.
Hi there! Welcome to Luv Scrapping Together!
5) Add tomato paste (As said in step 1) mix well.
Really, my head hurts just thinking about it. And I mean that in the most non-complainy way possible because having a job that keeps you busy and getting to travel to awesome places are two really good problems to have.
Annie is well and truly addicted to writing.. and to certain characters and plotlines…..might be argued that this is not a positive thing….Be Annies buddy during NaNo here or just stalk her shameless self promotions here on Twitter or here on Audio Boo and start your escape into her world here
I have used cheese cloth, my very last piece,
The tourist laughed and said, "That's the best part. When the time is right you would sell your company stock to the public and become very rich, you would make millions."
To think she started out the year being the one who could not stay with the game, would run the entire field, to the one now who has the drive to play all the hot spots such as first base and catcher. These positions are two of the busiest positions there are, and she handles both with such speed, grace and passion.
Of course, the districts will rarely blame themselves at all. Certainly, there are hundreds of factors that contribute to poor public schools, ranging from economic conditions of the local families and general parental involvement to the fact that inner cities have seen a steady decline in the local tax base that funds significant portions of their school operating budgets. But the schools themselves are run very poorly: teachers rewarded for surviving instead of succeeding, poor teacher mentorship programs, lack of curriculum restructure to reflect the fact that most learning occurs outside the classroom, poor leadership from districts and principals, and unhelpful teacher and employee unions that resist accountability. Add to that a lack of a clear goal for why we even have a public education system (after all, mandatory public education is a relatively new construct) – is it for the good of the student, the good of the country, or the convenience of the parent? And then throw a diverse student and teacher mix on top of all that. It is no wonder that our schools are suffering.
The Shima Imperium verges on the brink of environmental collapse; decimated by clockwork industrialization and the machine-worshipers of the Lotus Guild. The skies are red as blood, land choked with toxic pollution, wildlife ravaged by mass extinctions.
1001 Ways to Market Your Books - John Kremer (Guess I should move this one to the top of the list, eh? :-))
These analyses are very tentative, but I've now seen the same result on 4 different datasets, one of which was measured a few years ago and based on very different techniques, but gave the same result.
Your blog is public
Does it bother you if the windows don’t open,
The answer is simple: Riding without stirrups is hard. It requires a degree of concentration, of control, and of determination that we as riders don’t necessarily have to supply to our daily training when our feet are securely positioned in our stirrups. (And let’s not even talk about the challenge of posting with no stirrups to push away from!)
extraordinary experience from a false one. The Lord responded that
BEFORE:
“Oh, I’m sorry. I totally forgot. What’s up?”
When the collards are cooked and most all liquid is cooked out, place into a colander and allow to drain thoroughly pressing with the backside of a large spoon if necessary to squeeze out the liquid. Spoon into the casserole and spoon the sauce on top.
When it come to showing the world what you’re good at, it is best to show everyone in a slightly different way to how everyone else is doing it. We decided not to go for white backdrop but an expensive rich looking “dark Cordovan”….ok ok its brown but brown doesn’t sound as classy
This might be a more exciting "faux-liday" for me than Cinco de Mayo. While I do like tequila (in fact, it's one of the few hard liquors I truly enjoy drinking), I love, love, love my Belgian beers. What a better reason the celebrate them!
PKS- 493-Peachy Keen Everyday Character Face parts and more
Holding hands, we start towards the car.
“Apportionment. The process by which legislative seats are distributed among units entitled to representation. The U.S. Constitution provides for a census every ten years, on the basis of which Congress apportions representatives according to population; but each state must have at least one representative.”
The University of Cincinnati track team took the stage to lead everyone in stretching, and everyone was supposed to be back with their group - except our group had three coaches, a handful of running buddies, and no girls! Eventually they all made their way over to us right before the race started, and coaches started handing off girls to buddies. The smallest girl ended up with me. She was so cute, wearing pink butterfly wings, not-quite chest-high on me, and I bent down to introduce myself and give her a high-five. She told me she was 8, so one of the youngest girls at the event in general - it starts in third grade. The first thing she asked me was, "Do you run fast?" I laughed and told her I don't run really fast but I enjoy running. I asked her how fast she runs and she said, "Super fast!" I told her I may have to keep up with her!
Word is that Herschell (I can call him Herschell) got the idea for Blood Feast when he was down in South Florida, thinking long and hard about what the next step in his career would be - because, let's face it, you can't make nudie cuties forever. He was staying at the Suez Hotel, where there were big plaster sphinxes out at the front entrance. Seems he was outside and, once he caught a look at one of the sphinxes in question, he and the plaster construct traded meaningful glances and (eureka, I guess) he conceptualized the basic plot for Blood Feast.
When I was eighteen, I went to Exeter to study Ancient History and Archaeology, then did a Masters in Egyptology at Birmingham. After that I lived in Greece for a year working as a teacher. Teaching was okay, but I wasn't sure it was for me, so I tried a number different careers, hoping one would spark my interest. Unfortunately, nothing else much appealed barring writing. However, I did work as an intern in some publishing houses a few years a ago and would like to work as an editor as well as a writer (if anyone would have me!).
So we end this book with a second part beckoning - I think up to part 3 has been published. Will I read the others? Have to say I'm not dashing out and lining them up... shame I thought I'd really like this but it just wasn't multi-dimensional enough for me.
Really? Fascinating. Who? You lying quisling sack of shit.
But that’s not the point.
To make sure that you know what books they want you have to think like a guy. Guys have a few criteria for their books. A good story that is fast paced and unique. A bit of action or something that interests them, like sports or video games. A macho main character. And a cool cover. Guys are as shallow as you think, but only with books. To help you
Also the occasional night cap when you finally make it home.
Some were hard to photograph due to their shininess but i have done some close ups of the more textured ones....also there were different colored ones so some surpises still:)
I can’t believe I’ve left my characters in the hands of the evil queen for so long. I can practically hear their panic.
full of Munchkin girl charms
Marshall’s work doesn’t thrust any of these possibilities into our purview. Instead, the ghosts of alternative histories awaken the real histories inside us. This seems to be a fundamentally different take on the Rococo than what is usually seen in the contemporary artworld. In ArtForum last month, Meredith Martin defined the dominate features of Rococo through Contemporary Art’s interpretation of it -- Jeff Koons’ embracing of “its democratic nature,” Cindy Sherman’s noticing its “malleability of identity,” Elizabeth Peytons’ nostalgia and meditations on “interiority,” Karen Kilimnik’s use of its theatricality and artifice as alternative models for pleasure, Yinka Sonibare’s “amplification of power and commodity fetishism,” and artists like Jorge Pardo and Rudolf Stingel’s use of Rococo design elements in their work.
#19 What type of friends do you dislike?
Oh, what they must have gone through. Can you imagine the pits in their stomachs? It was the fall of 1969 when I was conceived. They were both seniors at the University of Illinois–on track to graduate. In those days, having a baby before marriage carried such a different weight than it does now. They hid it. They hid everything. They hid it all very well–as far as they knew. And, probably, based on the history of how birthparents and adoptive parents were educated in those days–they believed and were told ignorance would be bliss for them.
Asahi attempts to connect with music fans though sponsoring concerts. Also sponsors the World Baseball Classic.
What I love about the Craft it Forward is that we have a whole year to sort it out so no pressurising short term deadlines. Also the gift received is a surprise! Although it would be good to check out your participant's blog so you can get an idea of what they are into - as Sue must have done to sort me out such a delightful needlecase!
Rodney: 3.2
In the end they go about ranking the caster/lock on different categories. I don’t share that and usually don’t like that. I was a Warmahordes newbie not too long ago, and finding ratings like these do nothing, specially for a game such as this where every model simply works, just with different combinations and playstyles. It probably does something for the tournament player, but for new gamers it’s not great to find a few of the options available marked with a C, a B, and so on, twisting the view of the models before even playing them.
Tom Wright for Everyone:
Price: 5/5 – $1 per person
Army leaders do not want a repeat of the post-Vietnam era, when a “hollow” service spiraled out of control and one Army study concluded it was “close to losing its pride, heart, and soul.”
Go ahead and guess what has happened? Yep! I’m locked in. At this point I’m laughing so hard I’m crying. 10 minutes later I break out and can now retrieve my shower items. As I go to put the toilet lid down to place towels on it…it ends up on the ground. Silly me to think it was connected TO the toilet. It was then I glanced up and saw handprints on either side of the door…sorta painted on. Maybe I’m not the first to be trapped here.
In due course there were several copy-cat shows which toured all over America, and many with women managers, although by the twentieth century Burlesque evolved into something else - the shows increasingly risqué, having less to do with the wit of the songs and more about titillating striptease - whereas for Lydia Thompson and her troupe of British girls, the stage costumes were archly suggestive rather than blatantly bawdy.
It's a last-minute break from snow's routine to Cairo,
They had no interest in hearing Nonie, a former Muslim or Simon, a former Muslim slave tell their powerful stories.
Do open relationships really work in real life? Not for long, I think. It has to either end or evolve into a committed monogamous relationship eventually.
The main idea behind Clooney’s Satellite Sentinel Project is, “If you know your actions are going to be covered, you tend to behave much differently than when you operate in a vacuum.” It’s about accountability.
At Trunk’d Clothing we love to shop and we love fashion otherwise we wouldn’t be in business. However, what we love even more than fashion and shopping is helping others. Starting Trunk’d Clothing has been a long process and one that we have worked very hard on. Trunk’d Clothing has been completely funded without the assistance of any type of bank loan or financing because we know how hard it is out in the financial markets to get banks to listen to your ideas and vision. In the current economic climate it would be easier for us to finance it ourselves and then we wouldn’t have to explain or justify our business plan to a lender. Self funding may take us a lot longer to become established, but we have a lot of faith that we will be successful as our source for all things is unlimited.
named Tarrant County Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Nizam Peerwani to both three-member panels, making some commission members wonder if Bradley sees Peerwani as an ally.
She is nervous
Financial Analysis: You don’t have human resources to talk to about taking a vacation anymore. It’s all on you. Do you have enough money set aside to take that week off in Corpus Christi? Or would a weekend spent strolling around town serve you better? You will have complete control of your financials, and know when to do what with your time and money.
Teal basket 1$ at Big Lots
Yes, I’ve read all the books, and have been a holistic counselor for years. I realize this advice flies in the face of most mainstream Western medicine remedies. But I also know what works and what does not. Layering your problems with an icing of drugs, compounds your problems. Rather than fixing the root of the problem.
Ashlee Shelley
Teddy Walters (guitar)
When Bersih 3.0 first began, it attracted the base that voted for the opposition, those that have already made up their minds.
Don DeLillo is one of the standard-bearers of American ‘post-modernism’. He has been singled out by no less an authority than preeminent literary critic Harold Bloom as one of four American novelists “who are still at work and deserve our praise” (the other three are Thomas Pynchon, Philip Roth, and Cormac McCarthy). White Noise won the National Book Award the year it was released, and was included in Time Magazine’s 1995 list of the ’100 Best English-Language Novels from 1923-2005'. The novel precisely describes and coldly satirizes late-Cold-War-era American topics such as rampant consumerism, media pervasiveness, academic intellectual pretentiousness, conspiracy theories, family dysfunctionality, man-made disasters, the nature of human violence, and, most centrally, man’s fear of death.
I transfixed her with my ghostly eyes
Two men dressed in combat gear – well, not exactly two, to be precise, more like one and a half – stood with their backs to her, gyrating their hips in time to the pulsating (and frankly irritating, being the type that sticks in your head for weeks) theme tune, in sync with the pneumatic animatics gyrating on the screen in front of them. The big one, she noticed with a certain shimmering undercurrent of excitement, was tall and rather muscular, and were those scars running down his exposed and neatly tanned arms? It didn’t look like a bottle tan to her, at least until the arms disappeared into the sleeves of that tightly fitting camo t-shirt of his. Perhaps he was a Mercenary, she thought with a little thrill, or Private Soldier as she had heard they preferred to be called. You can be my Private Soldier any day of the week. Squad dismissed. (Oh okay, you lot can stick around too.)
Favorite bold couple:
Willing, I am.
The conference will also provide opportunities to authors to present findings in their recent books that build on Schumpeter’s ideas.
Still to come tonight, Ric Flair Vs Sting, one more time. Coming up next, Velvet Sky Vs Angelina Love.
The fifty speakers included some crackers: sweating Brits in loud ties, hilarious moustache styles from Jafar to Stalin, a US State Department man with Bill Gates’ voice, a cynical-eyed International Energy Agency leader in scarlet, an icy Gazprom man who held the podium with a featherlight killer’s grip, and even a Turkmen who deployed Borat syntax and a sinister gothic Powerpoint. The host stressed the need to ‘attract the younger generation’ to gas with a picture of a sexy young lady and a nozzle. Every now and then an American would joke about their continent’s ridiculously low (and charmingly named) Henry Hub gas prices: ‘We wish this winter had been colder!’ and everyone white would laugh. And, amidst the garish chandeliers, the Taj’s food was solidly good—we did some serious gas guzzlin’!
Bad news: My Mac just exploded. Piff. Not reading the main drive. I'm hoping that my backup was working right and caught everything, but I know it was tight for space and I think my editing folder was one of the 'save it if you can' parts.
Many “geeky” stereotypes are still associated with the IT industry – and they tend to be hideously untrue. Surely you’re familiar with the image of a sweaty geek, in a darkened basement, basking in the ominous glow of his computer monitor. He stares at lines upon lines of code, whilst snacking on stale chips and pizza. Soft drink and beer cans litter his desk – evidence that he has successfully avoided human contact beyond that of his favourite chat room.
568 ***D-Fall/1967. “The Education of Henry Thoreau.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1969(2), above, and in Item B-2, above, pp. 203-13, 313-16 (1983).)
I'm sure I know at least one producer who couldn't agree more with that statement... and was very flattered himself at the prospect.
These "wild yeasts" used in the fermentation of these products eats sugars that regular beer yeasts can't. There are a lot of sweet lambics out there - Lindemans for example - that are loaded with sugar. The unfruited versions (gueuze) from Hanssens, Cantillon, Oud Beersel and Drie Fonteinen will have the lowest sugars.
I like the idea of doing this with small gifts as well, and am thinking that next year, if I'm really on it, November can be spent making advents for all the families we know. If you have ten families, you need to bake a dozen each of a few kinds of cookies, buy a set of small forest animals and paint them with glitter, a box of individually wrapped chocolates to divvy up, print out some friendship notes and curl them up into a vial or tiny box, a few decks of cards maybe from the dollar store, handmade tree ornaments... there are literally so many small objects that would be fun to put in a basket or box, each wrapped individually (make sure you put the individual cookies into wrapping, bags or containers that will keep them fresh) and with numbered tags on them. The family can pick a person each day to open something. So much more special than the cardboard and cheap chocolate things that you see everywhere.
Farmer #2: We’ve done a great job planning and tomorrow it’s time to start working the earth.
Here are my 11 questions:
and in that opening ten minutes or so, he hits all the hot spots: Beauty, Race, Power.
Ah, back already, let’s continue, shall we?
What I'm left wondering, is why do so many professions require licensing? If a person is really great at cutting hair, and performing all the services that a hair dresser does, what difference would a license provide? Most states license through the guise of "health and safety". Is hair cutting really for the health and safety of an individual? Is that a hold over from the history of barbering? Why is a profession relegated to aesthetics, controlled by health and safety? Despite the obvious reasons of disease prevention from the tools of the trade, it seems a bit overboard. Not only that, all schools in the area require a highschool diploma or a GED, as if somehow those things will make for a better cosmetologist. The benchmarks for those requirements have little to do with what makes for a passionate and talented hair dresser.
I decided I'd like to attend it -
We started our travels yesterday, 7 May 2011, out of DCA flying stand-by to Phoenix. Our original plans were to spend the night near the airport and fly to Phoenix this morning and change planes to Hawaii, but Tony decided we should go the night before. This was a great idea, as it breaks up the two flights. Tony purchased upgraded tickets for first class: $10 per person for continental flights and $100 per person for international flights. A flight to Hawaii is considered international by USAirways due to the distance over water.
Heat butter, milk, and hugar in a saucepan over medium heat until sugar is dissolved and butter is melted. Let cool slightly. When mixture is tepid, add egg and whisk to combine.
Coming to the end of a challenging week… I don’t know what it is, but sometimes I just seem to find it tough to fit it all in. In terms of food, I’ve been right on track, but when it comes to my usual workout routine… I’ve been off the pace a bit. Maybe that’s how it should be though… when things are too routine it’s not always a good thing. I played hockey last Sunday, did an hour of yoga on Monday, played hockey again Tuesday, rode my spin bike for over an hour Wednesday, played more hockey Thursday (which was intense with only 1 sub!), and took yesterday off. Well, other than my 6 consecutive chin ups and a second attempt to duplicate the demonstration which only made it to number 5… At the end of my shift at work is not when I’m at my optimal in terms of performance it seems. First thing in the morning seems best! I guess looking back, my week wasn’t a loss… just different.
Now what’s a Flushie you say?? Well it’s the distinct award given out by Syp at the end of each year. Syp has been blogging about games for years now, I got to know him years ago when he had his Warhammer Online blog and I’ve been reading his stuff ever since!
This is a bad bill for New Jersey. It will be a bad law if it becomes one.
Isn’t that the best looking gem party you’ve never been invited to? Methinks my May bank balance may take a thwack. I wish to welcome some neon sparkle into my life.
Sailing west from theHebridesto the islands of St. Kilda in July of 1830, everything lies ahead for Lizzie and Neil McKenzie. Neil is to become the minister to the small community of islanders and Lizzie, his new wife, is pregnant with their first child.
Another when you want to shop, share, heal, hurt, joke, or just be.
This candy will run till 8pm on thursday 29th March and I will announce the winner on friday 30th March. New candy will be posted on Saturday 31st.
Karma’s a bitch.
I take my inspiration from the local and seasonal color. The sunsets around here are magnificent, I’ve lived in many areas but they are never as dramatic and colorful as they here. The Hudson River and the surrounding mountains present beautiful color combinations year round. I pull these colors into my enamels. The river is peaceful, quiet, and embracing and has inspired generations of artist and designers. I strive to reflect this in my jewelry.
“The co-operative factories of the labourers themselves represent within the old form the first sprouts of the new, although they naturally reproduce, and must reproduce, everywhere in their actual organisation all the shortcomings of the prevailing system. But the antithesis between capital and labour is overcome within them, if at first only by way of making the associated labourers into their own capitalist, i.e., by enabling them to use the means of production for the employment of their own labour. They show how a new mode of production naturally grows out of an old one, when the development of the material forces of production and of the corresponding forms of social production have reached a particular stage. Without the factory system arising out of the capitalist mode of production there could have been no co-operative factories. Nor could these have developed without the credit system arising out of the same mode of production. The credit system is not only the principal basis for the gradual transformation of capitalist private enterprises. into capitalist stock companies, but equally offers the means for the gradual extension of co-operative enterprises on a more or less national scale. The capitalist stock companies, as much as the co-operative factories, should be considered as transitional forms from the capitalist mode of production to the associated one, with the only distinction that the antagonism is resolved negatively in the one and positively in the other.”
Logan has had kind of a taking spurt. He pulls stuff out sometimes we had no idea he knew. I think between Hayden's LOUD personality. And Olivia's chatty-cathy-ness. He just can't get a word in! Literally! His speech is still usually less clear than the other two. And he has some "words" that I have no idea why he says what he says. For example he calls Francesco from the CARS movie "Da-man." NO IDEA!
MEDIUM TERM: DOW/NAZ confirmed downtrends, SPX/NDX have not
The Harris County Sheriff’s Office is projected to overspend its annual budget by $51 million, the third straight year it has blown past its planned expenditures by at least $40 million.
Cataclysm cleared the mist and continent discovered by refugees from nearby Alliance vs. Horde naval battle.
We wish Black Block every success whilst in its temporary locations and look forward to welcoming it back to Palais de Tokyo in March 2012 once the building works are complete.
Ah Kow Mushroom Minced Pork Mee
Some visitors came searching, mostly for rodney king, apollo 11, julian beever, reginald denny, and apollo.
Three lines of evidence support a role for the virus in PBC.
Place is unavoidable unless you write purely dialogue and the more I write the more I’m drawn to that mode of expression. My radio play, Vladimir and Estragon are Dead, for example, takes place in limbo – there are only the two characters, no props, no scenery – and in my novel, Left, a large section of the book takes place in cyberspace and is presented as a simple chat log. I’m not the first writer to do that kind of thing, in fact entire novels have been written as pure dialogue: Delores Claiborne, by Stephen King is one that might surprise most people – the story opens with a quote that does not close until the very last page of the book – but there have been other novels written in dialogue before: Nicholson Baker's Vox springs to mind, although it's not completely in dialogue, and there's also Corey Mesler's Talk. I've personally written two short stories completely in dialogue, 'Just Thinking', which was published in The Ranfurly Review and 'Ugly Truths' which appeared in Ink, Sweat and Tears. It's quite refreshing actually to be able to forget about those boring descriptive passages.
Start/Finish: Manningtree Station TM094322
order to buy into my opinion that it’s the worst ever, you have to first accept that my primary premise is correct.. that the movie is, in fact, bad. So I’ll assume we agree on that point. Or at least that I swayed you. Hooray!
For our boast (NASB has “proud confidence”) is this, the testimony of our conscience, that we behaved in the world with simplicity and godly sincerity, not by earthly wisdom but by the grace of God, and supremely so toward you.
So, in line with my normal Monday posts, here is a quote that I just found:
In the mirror’s reflection I could see his cute, tight smile stretch and part revealing by scintillating degrees his beamy white teeth lined up in that sweet young mouth of his like the most beautiful row of marble tombstones.
Her Sri Lankan fans, perhaps teenagers in the 70’s will best remember her in her role as Sandy to John Travolta’s Danny in the hit musical ‘Grease’. Over the course of the film she transforms from the sweet, wholesome girl next door (Sandy 1, as Olivia likes to call her character) to the confident siren (Sandy 2). More recently, a whole new generation of fans discovered her when she stepped out onto the sets of hit TV series Glee and got ‘Physical’ with Jane Lynch.
It even came with a belt although I have added an old favourite.
They then blew up the underground bases the elites were going to use to hide in when they carried out their nuclear holocaust.
We knew we didn't want handles in a finish that didn't match the ORB, but black handles on a black vanity were just too much... so it was time to think outside of the box. Since I wanted to incorporate somewhat of a nautical/oceany feel, I immediately thought of rope. I love those little rope knot pulls that can double as door pulls...
While you're cooking you can get the kids to sample the tofu, meat, noddles, cucumber and sprouts. They might even try the whole dish.
Let's move on to the modern Easter celebration. It's weird, isn't it? Can any of you honestly tell me that it makes sense? Rolling eggs down a hill? What? Why? What possible reason is there to waste perfectly good failed chicken babies? I cooked my eggs this morning instead. I even went to Tesco this morning to make sure I had bagels and cream cheese in for an unforgettable Sunday breakfast. Sorry to anyone who has me on Facebook, you'll have already seen that joke but I only have so many.
And why has no one ever thought about marketing 'free range milk' ?
The Scots have yet to coalesce on a single, unifying holiday with which to express their Scottish identity as the Irish so famously have with St. Patrick's Day. Some celebrate Robert Burns' birthday in the middle of winter; some just go to the nearest Scottish or Celtic festival, whenever that is. For the religious, there's the day for the patron saint of Scotland, but that's November 30th, easily overshadowed by America's Thanksgiving.
Robin Hill — Professor, Department of Art
She sang "Row, Row, Row Your Boat", "Rock-A-By-Baby", and something else which i cannot recall right now. Char and Leo were enthralled with her. As everyone is really LOL. Leo, the man I was hired to take care of, really took a liking to her. I really saw a side of him I have never seen before. He was completely engaged in what she was saying and doing, and everything Hannah did he told her what a big girl she was and was so encouraging. I remember thinking that his children were very blessed to have a Daddy like Leo. :)
2. Do you have a bird’s eye view? A people’s eye view? A worm’s eye view?
When the mushrooms finish cooking, add the cavolo nero and another 100ml of sour cream. Simmer for another 3-4 minutes. Before serving, add a handful of chopped chives and a handful of roughly chopped flat-leaf parsley.
“Wonder what his last meal will be. How do they choose that
For the burgers (modified to give the beef a little more kick):
Finally, I added my number stickers to label the current year, and there you have it a Planner Makeover.
Munch India will start lunch @ 2100 Powell, Emeryville from 11:30 – 2 PM today ! Come and try our new Munchy Crunchy chicken and spicy shrimp taco.
This is just a simple update on my Create It. Control It. Own It. challenge. I'm losing weight, feeling good and being optimistic!
Last week, Perkasa Youth announced that Muslims should boycott the Bersih 3.0 rally for clean and fair elections on April 28. This extremist NGO insulted Bersih co-chairperson Ambiga Sreenevasan and called her the “anti-Christ for Muslims” and a “traitor” to the nation. They continued their diatribe by ridiculing the national laureate A Samad Said.
For me, Jaws is one of the few movies that lived up to all the hype…and then some. We’ve all gotten amped-up to see uber-promoted blockbusters only to walk out of the theater thinking, “So what?” But Jaws was everything I hoped it would be: scary, funny, surprising. It was not the shocking gore-fest Mom feared - only five people are actually killed - and the poor little pooch she was so worried about doesn‘t die onscreen…in fact, it’s only implied that he dies. There is that jolting scene of one victim’s head popping at the screen with an eye missing, which scared me so bad my popcorn went flying, but Jaws was always more than just a “gotcha” horror movie. Leaving the theater, I felt like I saw just something special, more than just another flick my parents dropped me off to see while they went shopping. In ensuing years, not too many movies gave me that same rush. Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Escape from New York (I’ll explain that last one later) immediately come-to-mind, and the last movie to hit me with the impact of Jaws was Pulp Fiction.
1984
Should you program out your meals upfront, you will discover that getting correct nourishment while next your weight loss prepare is much simpler. Pack your pre-prepared meals in the cooler so they will probably be obtainable in any way moments.
And now I am.
The steal of deal,
My favorite contestant so far is Kellie. I think we would be fast friends.
Back it: Both teams to score (no) is 4/5 with Bet365. Dundalk are going to struggle for goals this season, but so far have two clean sheets thrown in. UCD will look to keep it tight this game too.
As soon as I parked up by the church (which you might have seen in Downton Abbey)I knew it was all going to be a resounding success. The little Cotswold stone building (which featured as the cottage hospital in Downton)was draped with bunting made by the local Primary schoolchildren. By the time I got to the entrance, the demonstrators had arrived from the Market Square and were being addressed through the loudhailer.
Sand in between my toes
Info: Pearl is the most seductive and beautiful woman ever. She is even prettier then Helen of Troy. She has the ability to make, form, use and breathe under water. She is the most powerful super-heroine around!
“We’re seeing all generations responding to the nostalgia and tradition,” said Janine Schoos, brand manager. “Genesee is taking off all over the country. We hope to be where we were back in the ‘80s when we were synonymous with good times and great American traditions.”
for endless days.
Just before we left for our wedding night gift at a nice hotel, we discovered that the nieces and nephews decorated up the car with signs and cans. Except it was my mother's car which looked just like our car in the dusk. So they begged us to wait until they changed it. Couldn't hurt their feelings but we were laughing out butts off in the house.
4. Kinda Tortilla Soup. Heat 1 cup broth. Add the juice from a lime wedge and a few drops of hot sauce. Tear up two tortillas and add to the broth. Any leftover cooked vegetables or frozen vegetables like carrots, spinach, or onions may be added. Heat until boiling. Top with grated cheese, chopping scallions, pieces of chicken, and/or cooked shrimp. This is definitely the best way to use stale, dry tortillas.
"We'll see what the Sherriff has to say about that." Notia folded her arms. "Don't make me do this."
Next was a kalbi taco, Korean short rib, courtesy of Seoul on Wheels (picture down below). I personally liked my kalbi taco since the short rib was nice and chewy. The taco was topped with mayonnaise though...a little strange, but the taco was still enjoyable.
“No, Tatte, you’re the goo-gone. I looked it up on the internet, and it’s you!”
1. Anti-social behaviour laws
watch me rewind time with mind remind me
Upon cracking open my first can of TAB and pouring it over ice, it smelled like any other soda. It had a heck of a carbonated head while pouring, but quickly dissipated after the glass was full. What I was worried about, was what kind of aftertaste it would leave after drinking it. I was pleasantly surprised to find the aftertaste or "feel", that coats your mouth after drinking most diet soda's was nominal.
As an amusing little side-note, someone in our office has had their mortgage application rejected because it was printed on 80gsm paper rather than 100gsm. If you're not familiar with paper weights (as opposed to paperweights) 80gsm is the sort of paper that EVERYONE uses in their printer. Frankly it's no wonder we continue to live in economic misery.
3. On the subject of minimalism, simplicity and decluttering, this week I met in real life a wonderful woman whose blog I've been following for a long time, for two years (shortly after she began blogging in March 2010). Colleen of 365lessthings.com who lives in Australia has been on holiday in the US for a couple of weeks with her husband, and they had a long layover in Los Angeles. After emailing back and forth, we decided to meet at The Getty Center for a few hours. Just think, if the internet didn't exist, if we didn't have similar interests, we would never have met! I'm so glad we did, both virtually and physically.
“Ain’t that stealing?” Clay said.
I’ve been chuckling to myself lately when I’m walking around thrift stores, because I’ve been seeing all sorts of pinterest projects gone wrong. Summer is approaching here in Oregon and people are slowly but surely cleaning out their nooks and crannies. This includes dumping their failed craft projects as fast as possible. So I thought to myself, “I should start a Pinterest Fail section of my blog”. I thought it was a genius idea. I googled it when I got home and found it already exists. But I’m going to do it anyway…cause I thought of it too.
PLEASE CLICK ON EACH PICTURE TO ENLARGE
People are afraid of the horrible truth that Christians mess up and stumble all the time. That’s why you always hear about Pastors being disgraced, but never about them being forgiven. Great men of god stumble and make fools of themselves.
Don’t get me wrong, I love dinosaurs. Like a 5-year-old kid, I am wowed by their fantastic awesomeness. But I don’t study them professionally. I also don’t teach about them in archaeology classes…except to briefly describe why I don’t teach about them.
American Airlines said its surcharge had “no specific purpose.” But it could help offset an expected shortfall of nearly 570,000 permits costing about €4.5 million.
It's just cool, basic rock with titles including "Girls Today Don't Like to Sleep Alone," ,“We Sold Army Secrets For Dope," and "Rattlesnakes Don't Commit Suicide." (which you can hear on the latest Big Enchilada podcast. ) They even cover a Hasil Adkins tune, "Chicken Walk."
Your voice wanders in ear,
bowed his head that I might uplift mine,
The resolution to the story was, in my opinion, quite well done. The Doctor didn’t seem to so much as save River and Amy, he just managed to keep them alive long enough for the Angels to have sufficiently drained the power of the ship so that the artificial gravity would fail. Once it had, the gravity of the ship oriented itself to that of the planet, and the Angels fell into the crack. The crack seems to feed off time energy, and complicated space-time events would serve to close it. The Doctor qualifies as a complicated space-time event, but all the Angels did as well. Thus, the crack isn’t completely sealed. It is still out there, but the immediate danger has subsided.
07 American Girl
Designed by Ken Latona, on the top of a hill, it rests gently in the environment, able to open to the elements that I love so much down in Tasmania. I am picturing cold mornings with hot soup rugged up to the hilt, sitting on the infinity deck.
Each and every single day I tell my son to try his hardest, to look me in the eyes and know, that when I tell him he is the smartest little boy I know, that it is the truth. As the School District you should be doing the same thing, but instead, like I’ve said before, you have chosen to ignore him.
Is it ok to not think things through all the time, when I only mean well in everything I do?
3rd Period Concert Band — Wednesday, April 18th
Forrester
Richard Johnson
Theme: Leftovers
And if you're unaware, there's a FREE WRITERS' CONFERENCE going on this week! What are you waiting for? Come play with us! There are "ninja agents" lurking in the forums, so by posting your queries and excerpts, you might get some valuable feedback... or maybe even catch an agent's eye!
ARC:
Two random winners will be chosen on Friday February 24th. Good luck, my friends.
Press into 9 ½” oiled pie pan – all the way up the sides.
Being pale, spice-free, Swedish-Irish types, my siblings and I recoiled at the chili’s red pepper and obscene beanery. It looked like roadkill, and the flavor was about the same. The spaghetti squash was equally (and possibly actively) malevolent, possibly because we were tricked by the name into believing it would be real spaghetti. Alas, it was not. And as food was not wasted in our household, Pa made each of us sit at the dinner table until our plates were licked clean. Three hours later, I hadn’t eaten a bite, so I was sent to bed sans dinner.
Generally temporary labour is managed at a local level, with usage and associated costs only reported to central procurement periodically. Whilst year on year estimations may help to predict costs, the variables in flexible workforces are great; ranging from increased agency margins and minimum wage rises to invoice errors and skills shortages.
That's why they call it GAME-CHANGING, 'natch!
Enjoy the day, sweets and enjoy your sweets while you're at it!
It’s fair to say that you will obviously have to adjust your exercise programme as your pregnancy progresses, but hopefully the health benefits exercise offers, will motivate you enough to keep active and keep moving.
We made these the other day for Easter, this batch made about 50 Crostini, if there is any left over the liver can be frozen.
The raspberries turned to mush.
About Lisa Sellman:
The hCG hormone kicks up the metabolism, by signaling the body to burn more fat. Following the hCG diet protocol your metabolism with operate over 30%–a much more efficient level to burn, rather than store. In other diets the metabolism has not changed, and following the diet will continue to run at the same rate, which in most of us dieters has been found to be at only 8%.
* Slavery
Nutritious meals for two adults and two kids can be prepared for just over $500 a month, said Robert Post, the deputy director for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion. A single person can get by with a monthly food budget of about $225 a month.
I'm getting all excited dreaming about travel plans in my head, I won't tell you the details yet. We went to Hollywood for two weeks, two years in a row when I was at Uni, it was wonderful. We took wee trips to the beaches and up the coast to Santa Barbra... I've been to America a few times before then too, to Maine, Boston, Chicago, Philly, NY, Florida and a few in-betweeny places.... I'd love to go back to some of those places but I am excitedly wanting to find interesting places neither of us have been to so we can explore together! Plus we are pretty nature daft so want woodlands, desserts and canyons! Where would you go / recommend going in Amercia?! x
How impossibly cute?
and the boy was happy.
It’s been a dozen years since the fish kill. And while for many it may be forgotten, I don’t fish, sail, or enjoy any outdoor activity without being reminded of the damage to the White River. The Indiana Department of Natural Resources has not forgotten either.
He called the day of his birthday. I was so excited to talk to him, I think it was one of the first times I'd talked to him since he pushed forward into Marjah. I was so excited to talk to him that I just kind of started babbling on about all the new things A was doing and how we were. Then he said someone had let him use the sat phone because it was his birthday. Of course I hadn't forgotten his birthday but I just got so excited talking to him I didn't say it right away. I said something along the lines of "OH MY GOD HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I knew it was your birthday and I was so excited for your birthday I just forgot to say it, gosh I suck" I know it went something like that. He didn't mind. He was happy to talk to us for his birthday.
Bailey was released from prison in 1965. A year later he would marry Esther Farmer, the widow of Herbert Allen “Deafy” Farmer. Bailey died peacefully in his sleep on March 1, 1979 in Joplin, Mo. His wife, Esther, passed away in 1981.
The slaw was finely chopped and creamy. Bland. Could use a hit of horseradish, for some zip. The beans, though, are probably the best I've had aside from my mother's. Like hers, you can actually taste the beans. They're not hidden by an overdose of pepper and spices that are so prominent that they even change the color of the beans. It has salt pork and a few scattered onions, peppers, and tomatoes, but they're complimentary, not overpowering.
*1362 **D-XI/10/2000. “On Being an Opportunist: Thoughts at Seventy-Five.” Basic Program Celebration, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 551-60.) See Item C-2003(5), above.
The art style of this manga is simply great. I always like it when Japanese authors decide to break free from the usual conventions of manga styled drawings. The environment is drawn pretty good although there isn't much variation in locations but there are always a lot of details to look at (especially in the buildings). Some much needed breaks from the usual routine every now and then happen so it does not get tedious. In general the art is simplistic, especially when it comes to facial features. Somehow the characters don't look very Japanese because of it. Speaking of characters most of the are characterized fairly good. Some are predictable but still likeable while other more focused characters have a lot of things going for them. Throw in a little philosophy in it and you have a very nice read.
WOW! I always read right before bed, and I picked up this novel with the intention of whetting my appetite through a few chapters, but I ended up reading the entire novel in one sitting. Needless to say, I got very little sleep, but the story was well worth it, permeating my dreams once the tale came to an end—it is that powerful!
Other artists were also let go of..
Chanel Teint Innocence Compact Makeup ($70)
I find it very difficult to judge the size and quality of the toys from online resources. My primary concern was that the removable pieces would be too small and pose a choking risk. Or that the plastic would be thin or flimsy. Having seen the products first hand, I am very reassured! The plastic is thick and hard, but textured so as not to become slippery once it is drooled on.
“I was examined yesterday,’ he remarked at last. ‘It was worth while undergoing the gêne of it to know that one was perfectly fit.’
1. The notes section – Although the notes section was an interesting read, it sounded preachy at many occasions.
It was no less a smart idea when Annette King championed Folic Acid Day a decade ago.
It may not be the most traditional of mission statements but it's definatly something I want to work towards this year and something for me to live by and pass down to the boys.
2 tsp. chile powder
Row6) k3,p3,k3 accross
Perhaps the single best tribute done to Clark, in terms of its kitschiness, was the Piers Morgan episode which brought back the previous owner of that timeslot, the one and only Larry King (whose ridiculously hagiographic tributes to dead people I loved to pieces, as I have noted in the past). Morgan asked Larry to weigh in on Clark’s importance (the primary question asked on these shows is “why would you say so-and-so was SO
HALP!
After all, how often does a Harvard-educated, couch-surfing, Asian point guard lead the New York Knicks to their most successful spell in recent memory? And how often does that hero’s name contain elements of a common preposition, prefix and suffix?
2. Do The Dog
One thing that I have learned about blogging, is that the world opens up and you make friends with people in different parts of the country and in the world. The world of blogging reduces the world to a small intimate circle. Blogging, I have made friends that I might have never known in my lifetime. What I have found about blogging is that I have received so much more than I have ever given.
yes, you read that correctly. $3. that is all i spent on this redo. i re-used everything i already had. yep, i'm green like that. oh yeah, and on a tight budget. like no budget. i will not even show you what this little room looked like this morning. you might not want to be my friend, it was that bad. picture this: shoes(many), muddy baseball stuff, tupperware(no idea), dirt, lots and lots of dirt, dog dishes,dog food container, random jackets and mittens. everything ends up in this tiny dump all space. this is our main entry as a family. all guests use the front door with the nice entry so we can fool you that we are clean and organized. :) but our family got the crap spot. this mudroom is in our basement so to me it always feels icky and dark. i needed to brighten it up and make it happy, like the rest of our home. ready?......
Happy Tuesday everyone! Did you have a good weekend? Mine was a busy one. The ravioli making was actually very fun. I'd never made pasta before! I have a 'pasta' machine for my clay, but I don't think it's the same lol! Anyway, the Butternut Squash Ravioli turned out YUMMY : D
Have you ever felt like you were a small cog in a big machine?
its gonna be sick.
The look created here is consistent, deliberate, and carried through the entire space. At the same time, it is unfitted, casual, and fits the lifestyle of the family who lives there. Making this look work is not an easy feat, and its success is due to the trained and talented eye of a designer. The palate of soothing greens and creams is anchored by hits of black, and softened by natural elements. All of the existing appliances and fixtures were maintained (even the countertops are the same!), but somehow it all looks fresh and new, and like it was "planned" to be that way. Brilliant, if you ask me.
Sam Vimes grew up in the back streets of Ankh-Morpork. Now, after many years as a copper, he is Duke of Ankh and the Commander of the City Watch, as well as a former blackboard monitor. He is married to Lady Sybil, the richest woman in the city. Their six-year-old son, Young Sam, is obsessed with poo.
Luckily, my God have been giving me a strong feeling..
Under this agreement, Pixmania, one of Europe’s leading pure play multi-specialist etailers, will deliver a multichannel website in a number of European countries for Carrefour’s non-food offer, utlilising its market-leading ‘E-merchant’ platform.
The point is that the broadest measures of the money supply (M2 and M3) vastly overstate how much “real money” actually exists in the system.
Heat up some olive oil and/or butter in a pot, enough to cook up the onions. Cook the onions over medium heat for about 10 minutes. Add the white wine, the diced preserved lemon, and the fish. You can salt and pepper the fish before adding it to the pot, but the overall result was a tiny, tiny bit salty for me because of the preserved lemons. (And I have a habit of purposely under-salting when I cook for myself.) Next time, I think I will just pepper the fish.
But that's always the way: the innovators tend not to have
1 experimenting
And I hope that we never again hesitate to stand up and speak proudly to the glory of our gods and the falsehoods stacked against them.
MM: Same situation in Philly. I always assumed Some Kind Of Wonderful by the Soul Brothers Six was a nationwide smash, as did Grand Funk Railroad, apparently, who were to discover otherwise when their version went Top Ten seven years later. Ditto Billy Harner and the Kit Kats. I’m still amazed that Call Me Lightning broke out in the Upper Midwest and nowhere else.
just secretly edible roots
Wait! Stop! Your family doesn’t believe in the Easter Story, so why do you celebrate Easter? What possible reason could you have for having an Easter Basket and an Easter egg hunt and all that jazz? Why???
Without further adieu I bring you the photographic evidence of a very fun night for me.
The book worked. It got my only starred School Library Journal review, and a great New York Times review (here's the plant my publisher sent me in celebration).
there are recipes for doing the pizza crust - i tried a couple myself but thought it was too tedious to do it up from scratch (i am just plain lazy since i stopped baking for a while...) so i used a packet of Betty Crocker pizza crust premix! Read about this in a forum, and though a premix, still gives a diy feel to it...
Race Record: Starts: 22; Wins: 8; 2 nd: 1; 3rd: 4; Win & Place Prize Money: £176,651
Having worked in the public sector for a considerable amount of time I’m used to this reaction. It’s my job to show people how to build social networks that are designed to engage and build audiences in a realistic way. I’m employed to produce and deliver clear content plans and give teams the confidence to communicate in an approachable and effective manner, balancing the demands of the audience with the reality of being able to respond and enter into dialogue.
In 1965 a geologist names Richard Faas from Lafayette College in Easton, PA, took some of the rocks to his lab for testing. He found that when the rocks were stuck they created a series of tones at frequencies lower than the human ear can hear. He concluded that when the various tones of the rocks interact with each other, there is a sound high-pitched enough to be audible to the human ear. But, the specific physical mechanism in the rocks that rendered them able to make sounds could not be discovered. (Information from site of “The Unmuseum”)
100g (3 1/2 oz) fine rolled oats
We wrapped up the leftovers for another day. And the darned thing came back to life!
I felt like it was missing something, so I ran back to Lowe's and picked up one more board to build a shelf.
Minnebar rocks! One fun Saturday at Best Buy Headquarters:
The blog has been silent for a while.. but that wont be the case now on.
Oh, and seeing as the coolshite review isn't really the place for it, I'd just like to mention that Robert Downey Jr is crazy hot in that film. Ca-raaazy hot. Just sayin.
They floated for days until they found a deserted island. Food was not abundant for the pair who weakened daily. They survived for eighteen months until only one was rescued.
The characters feel real. They aren’t larger than life or caricatures, they are like you and me, like our teachers and parents, and that is a major strength of the story. Even the oppressive Lorders are understated and this only adds to how sinister they are. Nothing in Slated is in your face, but there’s a constant, oppressive undercurrent of a society and its citizens being monitored and constantly watched. No one is really free.
Sales coming up! Hint~ It's from the Vintage Gypsy line.
I am the Life,
Guess I'll have some breakfast instead. Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
Interesting paper bags…
Patrick Adams, 60, New York, N.Y.
Shirley Collins' music is best heard in the small hours of the day, late evening or early morning, when most of the world is sleeping and your own thoughts aren't quite as loud. Equal parts austerity and warmth, her voice wraps around you like a old quilt on a cold day. And her music is the quilt-work of the British Isles, spun by the hands of laborers destined to anonymity as the "small" people of history but whose melodies and words have outlived most music bound to commercialism. Collins has passed that quilt on to successive generations of folk music lovers with her own indelible stitches. She may not have been the first person to commit these songs to tape but her records are held in high esteem as a reference point by both music nuts and music scholars. The further back you go with music that has fallen into the 'public domain', the more variations on the songs you have, and with Shirley's repertoire we are talking very old indeed. So old that those variations are often subjects of debate, and Shirley wrote some of her own melodies using anonymous pieces of song poetry.
7. Dress the salad just before serving.
~ Suchi Govindarajan works as a technical writer. In her spare time, she does freelance writing and editing work and also volunteers with the Spastics Society of Karnataka. Readers can follow her on twitter: @suchiswriting
Today, the life insurance industry is clearly behind the times in the use of technology.
His email said:
As some of you may know from following me, it has been my desire, since the blog was conceived (by a lesbo mind you), to have Sweet Mother boycotted by an anti-gay hate group. I have thrown down the gauntlet to the Westboro Baptist Church here and now I would like to offer the challenge to the 40,000 Twats. Please, please, please, boycott me. I beg of you. I have put as many gratuitous lesbian and gay images throughout this post in an effort to bait you. I’m hoping this post, in particular, explodes with so much gay that you will be forced to come this way. It will be a beautiful day when I can tell even 1 of you 40,000 twats what I really think of you.
Ramachandran et al. speculate that TK's experiences derive from increased connectivity between brain regions involve in vision (V4), face processing (FFA), and emotion (insula and amygdala). It would certainly be interesting to know whether this is supported by brain imaging.
Can you see wabi sabi in you? Your perfect imperfection? Can you see how it makes you unique? How your flaws make you beautiful?
“Wasn’t that just awful?” she whispers. “I heard he was smoking marijuana by the streetlight.”
i weave they float in the sun
As their smiling faces come pouring in at a quarter past seven, I am reminded of where they have just come from. One would assume that these nicely groomed children with backpacks in tote would come from the highest classed families in Dallas. They politely smile and greet me with, “Good Morning Miss Eng,” from the very smallest that stand no higher than my knee to the very oldest that are most likely taller than me.
I definitely scored at H&M this weekend with 3 tops!
All of these items also brought more patterns into the room, made it more of a collage, made it cozier, made it more me.
1030am-3 scrambled eggs, 4 slices bacon, sausage, tomato, 1/2 cup grits
On the 3rd day the salt and mangoes will release water and the mangoes will be soaking in the spicy solution.
he will greet sunrise at dawn
Hi Crafty People,
The mental mind-fucking that goes on while waiting is absolutely incredible. I was doing everything that I knew I shouldn’t be doing – I wasn’t trusting my “inner self” – I was second guessing everyone and everything. Thank God I’d given up drinking years earlier – I’m quite certain that if I hadn’t, I’d have brought an entirely new definition of “The Ides of March” to the forefront.
Ah! Also, when I have time, I’ml learning Chinese bit by bit!!
Sure. I think that anyone of us at some time or another has asked God that question, because we do not always understand why certain things happen in our lives.
Some of these unwanted catches are used as bait, other, healthy specimens are returned to the loch, although there are plenty of anxious diners ready to feast before they get to the loch bed.
O God, how long ago.
*She also keeps you distracted in all kinds of inventive ways while the actual tattooing is going on, including a soft shoe routine that I can’t possibly describe.
In this book, Tonika escorts you into other worlds and dimensions, explaining her own remarkable experiences with the paranormal, embracing past life regression, ghosts, angel and spirit guides. She also encourages you along your own journey of self-recovery and understanding. A journey in which you can discover your own connection with the Universe and the many different dimensions contained within Creation.
Well, I did fill that notebook up with my first novel. Sparkly and beautiful and very worn out by the time I was done with it, I loved the notebook. I didn’t even want anyone touching the thing. No borrowing paper from this thing. It was special, but what was I supposed to do when it was full. Buy another, of course!
So let’s start the game of catch-up with a couple of the cards that actually got made and mailed.
Please check for the customer reviews of Canon EOS Rebel T3i Digital Camera (Body) + Canon 75-300mm III Lens + Large Case (Black) + 8 GB Card + Card Reader + Extra Battery Pack + 58mm UV Filter + Memory Card Wallet + Cleaning Kit in the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
Those familiar with non-directive counseling may feel a chill.
Christian youth's involvement in the shocking abandonment of God’s authority should be of concern enough, but sadder still is that youth in general are being seduced to embrace Satan’s lies and reap eternal damnation. Christians, rather than protecting youth, are feeding them to Satan who is known as the prowling lion (1 Pet. 5:8). Satan deceived Eve with the promise of “wisdom” (Gen. 3) and suggested God’s forbidding was on grounds of meanness not loving concern. Satan continues his attack on the truth of God’s Word and His essential Character of love (comparing it to erotic sex) targeting younger and younger Christian youth.
We don't really know what's going to happen. But I have a feeling it's just that we're taking the long road. And as hard as that is, we can do it. We've done it before. We truly believe that everyone involved is doing all that they can. Gladney is calling us every day to keep us in the know on our case. And they are advocating for us every day. They're also advocating for Ruthie's birth mother. We have no ill will towards Gladney - or towards the government system in Ethiopia. We believe that everyone is doing their best to ensure that our adoption is ethical. And to ensure that things are just. That's ultimately what we want. But it's hard to be in the fire. Waiting.
Hi, Mom. It’s me. I can’t believe today is the day. It is hard to imagine that after eight months of training, today is the day. Turning back? You want to know if I’m going to bag it now? Are you freaking crazy? Am I scared? Hell, yeah, wouldn’t you be? Am I going to call? Mom, I didn’t even freaking leave yet. I know, Mom, this is hard on you. Please Mom, please, I am going to be ok. I love you, Mom. I’ll call you soon. Bye.
So even though I don’t have to admit I was wrong about never saying I will never gain any weight back…
Since I begun my work with Gratitude, I’ve learnt a lot about the gap of knowledge between being in Gratitude and BEING GRATITUDE!!
She is on an adventure. So I am going to follow to see where she goes. And, even though it feels like I have been doing this forever, learn something new on the way..there's ALWAYS room for improvement.
Well, now it's your turn. Share something about yourself...or just agree with me on some of these. This is a day where we all come together and you tell me how awesome I am. Yup, that's how I'd like things.
I watched Midnight In Paris. I liked it. I had heard mixed reviews & I honestly don't love Owen Wilson, so I wasn't expecting to like it, but I totally did. It's hard not to like a movie about Paris. Also, I was really into Rachel McAdams' hair & wardrobe throughout the movie.
As summarized by Canada Stockwatch, U.S. prosecutors alleged that the brothers manipulated Fairmont from 30 cents to $3.10 in early 1993. They also alleged that Robert paid secret commissions to U.S. brokers to induce their clients to buy the stock. The brothers then dumped their shares for combined profits of $560,000.
Which brings me back to anniversaries. There’s a chance now that the book will be read again, and hopefully be relevant, and remind someone of those dead British soldiers, and Argentine conscripts, and all the drowned sailors in the Belgrano that was torpedoed outside the combat zone, sailing away, and all the crippled heroes, too. No
We are the Dead. Short days ago
The Melody that can’t be washed away by the noise of the complicated city
White & Yellow LEDs
It only makes me more eager to get back to making entremets, especially now that strawberry season is here! I started to go farmers' market almost every Sunday now when the weather is nice, and I was so delighted to see that my favorite strawberry stall was there! Immediately I bought 6 baskets of strawberries last week, sweet and tasty as I remember it to be. I also found blueberries, and cherries! A little early maybe for the cherries, but hey I am not complaining. I also got those tulips from the most gorgeous flower stall called "super tulips" and they are indeed SUPER! So many good stuff floating around, I haven't even had the time to play with blood oranges, meyer lemons, now add strawberries and cherries to the list. But anyways, I'm trying to savor every minute of the wonderful days we've been having, although the weather here has been back in Winter mode again for the past week and rain too. I still hope I can get more free time in the kitchen by myself to play around.
“This is a great opportunity for older drivers to update their medical information and have a voice in their emergency treatment in the event of an accident,” said John K. Holton, Ph.D., director of the Illinois Department on Aging. “The Yellow Dot program will serve as a lifeline to alert first responders of crucial medical information which can help the victims who may be unable to communicate at the crash site or may have forgotten to share the information.” Yellow Dot participants are supplied with a simple, bright yellow decal for their car and a corresponding yellow folder. The decal is placed in a conspicuous and consistent place – in the lower left-hand corner of the rear window, driver’s side. The yellow dot signifies there is a folder in the glove compartment containing the following medical information about the motorists: participant’s name, close-up photo, emergency contact information, patient’s physician information, medical conditions, recent surgeries, allergies and a list of current medications. Having access to this information allows first responders to make important decisions regarding emergency treatment and can better prepare emergency hospital staff in the receiving room.
on the new online crafting club called
KIM: The counting is done!
When Daniels discovers that he is a criminal lawyer, she proclaims, "Is that why you want to see everyone behind bars?" It's a clever line, as the two first met in a pet store, where dozens of birds (and other animals) are kept in cages. Clearly, Daniels believes that Brenner also wants to cage or control her as well. As we learn that she created headlines the previous summer by jumping into a fountain in Rome (she relates to him that she was pushed in), we learn of her aloofness. Perhaps, Hitchcock and Hunter are saying, Daniels is tired of her freedom and wishes to be trapped.
She’s got no info for him so he bids her farewell but no kdrama heroine is going to accept a man’s kindness without trying to repay it… well, mainly because we need the leads to reunite… so she follows him and that leads to more hijinks and even before the lie in the title begins, people have already begun to assume they are a couple. And how odd is it that this is one of the most realistic things about this drama? Because there have definitely been a time or ten when I’m with a friend, a stranger or even my BROTHER when random strangers have assumed we are together. Why, people? A man and a woman can be together without being a couple! But I digress.
I think it is clear that this story is not mean to be set in the Sixties. The computer technology is more advanced and there seems to be peace with Russia. The story is specifically stated by the Brigadier to have taken place four years after Web of Fear which was set in 1975, according to Professor Travers. This is clear evidence that the UNIT stories have an 80s rather than a 70s setting.
I really hope you will enjoy reading them as much as I did writing… (even though I have to say, Mommy is very selfish and doesn’t often let me use her computer…)
If life were like a paper, i hope it can be one that is waterproof, filled with lots of colours. I have enjoyed staying at home on a Friday night looking at my facebook photos and videos of the past. I thank God for whatever and whoever that comes right into my life and has made an impact on me. But of course, nothing is smooth sailing in one’s life. If it is always smooth sailing, it just meant that the rocky storm hasn’t come yet, not that i am trying to meant it the hard way. It just shows how blessed we are when God is forever there during all the rocky moments and i believe when we have our smooth sailing moments, its him that see us through!
21. Hi, are you legal? No, your to hot to be legal.
Origin: Russia
The dream of an Israeli bomb was ambitious indeed, but it spurred Rothschild to keep abreast of all things nuclear so he could pass on the data to the Weizmann Institute, which was planning a nuclear reactor at Dimona in the Negev Desert.
We are unsure when is the LAST DAY of our life.
We are Sydney,
Nina Allan; Suzanne Barbieri; Carl Barker; Mike Barrett; Ramsey Campbell; Jonathan Carroll; Adrian Chamberlin; Simon Clark; Raven Dane; Jan Edwards; Murray Ewing; Paul Finch; Christopher Fowler; Matthew Fryer; Stephen Gallagher; Cate Gardner; R.B. Harkess; Ian Hunter; Wilf Kelleher Jones; Jasper Kent; Joel Lane; Stephen Laws; Mark Lewis; Alison J Littlewood; Steve Lockley; Graham Masterton; Peter Mark May; Geoff Nelder; Kim Newman; Stan Nicholls; Martin Owton; Cas Peace; John Llewellyn Probert; Tina Rath; Steven Savile; Robert Shearman; Jim Steel; Sam Stone; Deborah Walker; Conrad Williams.
As he walks closer to the table, Margaret holds up a gloved hand without looking up from her investigations, “Look at your feet.” Her hand flicks downward to point at the floor, “What do you see?”
The ComiColor series ended in 1936 and Iwerks’ studio struggled along for a couple of more years. Soon, the other knock-offs—the Rainbow Parades, the Color Rhapsodies, the Happy Harmonies and so on—came to an end as well. You see, another of the knock-offs, the Merrie Melodies over at Leon Schlesinger found something other than colour and fairy tales. They found humour. They even made fun of all those colour fairy tale Disney knock-offs, something that carried on into the television animation age.
Focus of the themed issue:
Initially, the separation between what Thrall is and what she’d prefer him to be was more stark. We had less details. The storytellers then opted to steer us toward the Aggra Concept of Go’el by giving us glimpses of Thrall’s fears, desires, and doubts through the Elemental Bonds questline in Patch 4.2. Here, we were shown that Thrall apparently does desire A) a mate, B) a family, and C) to lay down his arms and have peace with his enemies. There has been little to no mention of any of this prior to patch 4.2. Yes, that’s 6+ years of Thrall without any such in-depth exploration of his character.
I pull some slime from me hair. I feel like such an idiot! Look at the state of me! How can I hold any kind of conversation together when I look like this?! I try to compose meself and to say something vaguely normal! "So what were you doing down this way then? Didn't know that you came to this park?"
OK, now go back to the previous picture and notice the legs, or actually feet. See that it is plain, and square?
You are one of a kind
Let the years pass unnoticed. Get a career, not a job. Buy a house. Have two striking children. Try to raise them well. Fail, frequently. Lapse into a bored indifference. Lapse into an indifferent sadness. Have a mid-life crisis. Grow old. Wonder at your lack of achievement. Feel sometimes contented, but mostly vacant and ethereal. Feel, during walks, as if you might never return, or as if you might blow away on the wind. Contract a terminal illness. Die, but only after you observe that the girl who didn’t read never made your heart oscillate with any significant passion, that no one will write the story of your lives, and that she will die, too, with only a mild and tempered regret that nothing ever came of her capacity to love.
Written by Rob Grant & Doug Naylor
Everyday, we are the ones responsible for our decisions. We have to choose the right way.
Nevertheless, I guess at the back of my mind, it may have planted the seed that it was actually possible to get your writing published, though at the time I was more pleased with winning a tour jacket.
Who’s closet would you want to raid?
Festive red table cloth on table
One other thing I really have to mention about this manga is that I love that all of the character names are completely sensical and could feasibly exist in the real world! This is not always the case with foreign names in manga, so I am very happy with Isayama-sensei’s name choices!
Hello, my name is Irrelephant, and I'm not addicted to much.
Showers will hit the south coast on Saturday, a wider area of the south on Sunday, and most areas on a washout Bank Holiday Monday, with further widespread rain next week.
PICO NEIGHBORHOOD — Santa Monica’s Woodlawn Cemetery has made the move from final resting place to the only place that a bereft family has to go after the loss of a loved one in an attempt to improve its service and its bottom line.
Ideal as:
Of course George Lucas totally screwed with history and he is proud of it.
I meant well. I had the best of intentions. But apparently my characters have no height, breadth, complexion – or hair. Just eyes. Argh! So how to go back and replace? One “long blond hair” here, one “growly” voice there. Also, an exhaustive use of my thesaurus – looked, glanced, glared, gazes that “sear” or “pin”, stared, frowned, etc.
I stole a taste at the two week mark and didn't have enough of the flavors that I wanted, so I let it go longer. It went 3 1/2 weeks. I was getting a nice promising aroma. My production line is a bit behind though. I need to get some kegs empty and swap the picnic taps so I can taste and measure final gravity too.
“Stop thief!” yelled the vendor. I thought she had gone mad until I realised I was still holding the magazine. I stopped abruptly, spun round and held it out apologetically. The vendor was right behind me and ended up receiving the magazine forcefully against her chest.
In the end, I chose Classical Greek… only to discover that I, in a typically unique fashion, had been the only person in my year to choose it, and so they couldn’t run the course. It looked like I was stuck with Art.
WHERE: Bartle Hall Convention Center
DURHAM, N.C. — Associate head coach Chris Collins will remain at Duke after having initial discussions with Illinois State Director of Athletics Gary Friedman regarding the school’s head coaching vacancy. Collins came to the decision to remove his name from consideration after discussions with Friedman on Sunday.
I actually had something else in mind when I made all those pleats and they should have been closer together, but I decided to make something out of my mistake anyway. Besides, who doesn't love pinks, and oranges together?
The central story revolves around Hypatia of Alexandria (born ca. 350 to
Shari
Search: “Garden whirligigs”
It was a different life. I miss it sometimes.
The competition for minimizing the reality of President Obama’s words and actions in the media is fierce. After all, Solyndra, according to the Associated Press, is an “embarrassment.” Heaven forbid that anyone in the establishment press call it what it really is: a “scandal” and, as described by Andy McCarthy at National Review, a “fraud.”
At the end of the tour several species of raptors were flying around the boat so Wendy threw some food in the air to get them to fly close to the boat. It was a very interesting and entertaining tour, and we learned a lot about saltwater crocs.
Rev. James Moody, President, Manna House Ministries, Jamestown, Tennessee
harbored this ambition for some time, and are passionately dedicated to
What do you think Sabin?
Ravens flit and gray wolves prowl:
Blackadder: "That's right Baldrick. You see, there was only one slight flaw with the plan".
Weight: 21lbs/1oz. (she's tall & lean, a good combo)
Having nightmares lately? Here are 6 reasons for having bad dreams at night. Luckily 4 out of 6 are caused by what we put into our body. Simply eliminate them and you can enjoy sweet dreams through the night.
Burt Plain, AUSTRALIA (strange)
This last Saturday Paraguay celebrated its 200 birthday. They had a big (this term is being used loosely) parade downtown where many countries came to celebrate the day with Paraguay. After seeing all of these groups we wished we had just gone and watched because it looked so amazing (and I would really have rathered my kids not see some of the costumes so up close and personl.)
Which is where David Cameron comes in. Today the Telegraph reports that he "has ordered officials" to draw up plans for minimum pricing of alcohol, against the opposition of the Buisness Department (which worries that it might be illegual under EU regulations) and the Health Secretary Andrew Lansley, who favours a voluntary approach. This is being presented as part of a personal moral crusade by the prime minister, who (the Telegraph ominously reports) "is thought to have opted for a big bang approach to the alcohol problem after noting the success of the ban on smoking in public places."
And when he had finished his song the old stone laughed for a good long time, for the tale was good and the ending of the song pleased him.
(b) The antenna current of a AM broadcast transmitter modulated to a death of a 40 % by an audio sine wave as 11A. it increase to 12 a as a result of simultaneous modulation by author audio sine wave . What is the modulation index due to the second wave?
I’ve had all the usual array of tests (again) and everything is coming back as negative (again).
or east
And so when we look at the greatest example we have; that is Jesus Christ himself you will see he was born a star, he was called the bright and morning star and he was made a star. Matthew 28 v 18 He said all power in heaven and on earth has been giving unto me.
She isn’t fazed, and good for her. The woman fights with conviction and does Brahim Pasir Mas really want to engage her in a rational argument? I think he’d lose.
We are using the NESTA Toolkit as a resource to help us to plan and start our creative businesses. I have been working my way through book one and two and all the worksheets.
People love to pit the two HULK movies against one another, too, and given that I spoke rather glowingly about the Ang Lee film, you might be expecting me to take a bunch of cheap shots at Louis Letterier’s film. Believe me, if the film was worthy of cheap shots, I’d have no problem dishing them out, but the truth is that I enjoy THE INCREDIBLE HULK every bit as much as Lee’s film, but for different reasons. Where Lee’s HULK is a movie about adult characters dealing with serious psychological issues of dysfunctional parent-child relationships, Letterier’s INCREDIBLE is a more classically-designed action film. The Hulk was almost an unwanted participant in HULK, but he’s the reason INCREDIBLE exists.
As mentioned above, ‘Valtari’ is quite a departure for Sigur Rós’, yet much in the
I am wringing my hands, metaphorically speaking. What are we to do? Soft hearts are a pushover. As I write, here is Zack, all 7 feet of him when his tail is extended, trying to climb up on Hubby’s lap for a cuddle. I can just imagine the madhouse now – although it will be one filled with love and laughter. Having said that, I am sure there will be some anxious and frustrating times too with a new puppy.
In fact, all experience is made out of the same stuff – it could be called ‘experience,’ ‘awareness,’ our self or ‘I.’
I sigh and try to look dignified leading Amber into the room.
it also means i havent had a lot of knitting time, although i am finding by sticking to only a few things i am making some progress. for example, the restarted wasabi pea socks are now at the heel (turned it today)
Oakeshott sees Rationalist politics as a consequence of the rise of politically inexperienced people and classes to power. He takes Machiavelli's writings as an exemplary case; Oakeshott sees his work as an advice book for the novice ruler. This really makes no sense in light of the longstanding existence of self-governing communes in Renaissance Italy; political experience had long been a fairly widely distributed good.
Lay out tomorrow’s clothes: This is one thing I’m not going to do. I’ve never been the sort to take hours deciding what to wear. 12 seconds is closer to reality, so I think I don’t need to have this habit.
Don’t allow this mythologic hopeful monster to exact its price
Make a couple of slits in the skins of the bananas and lay them on a baking tray. Bake the bananas, in their skins, for 10 minutes (they will go black). Then remove them from the oven and leave them to cool slightly. Reduce the oven to 180C.
My stomach and salivary glands spontaneously went into overdrive secreting gallons of digestive juices in preparation for receiving the item illustrated in glorious spotlit panoramic technicolor on the four-foot-square wall poster.
More worrying inconsistencies are revealed in the Macpherson Report, as they affect the police. Members of another gang with convictions for racially-motivated crimes were not known to the investigating officers. Having earlier lambasted DS Davidson and other officers for their refusal to accept the race factor in Stephen Lawrence’s murder, Macpherson, three pages later, has no sense of embarrassment in stating: ‘The view of many of the team that the murder of Stephen Lawrence was not solely motivated by racism may well be reflected in this failure to obtain readily available local intelligence’ (para, 20.14). Whether this failure was due to incompetence is not clear but it surely mitigates Macpherson’s accusations of “institutional racism” levelled in paragraph 19.44.
So many options here! I'm not usually one for bracelets (I type and sew a lot and don't like things banging against my work surface) but I LOVE a cute pair of earrings or a necklace and I will pin a brooch to just about anything. Again, this is a good place to inject a little creativity or whimsy into your outfit.
The palate is fresh, lively and juicy, more sweet fruit than I had expected and loads of lovely freshness giving good acidity and balance. Silky well integrated tannins and lovely Sangiovese cherry, pomegranate fruit. Very long, clean and fresh finish with just a hint of drying tannins.
The whole thing boils down to approximately 1,667 words per day, so it’s actually doable. You end up with something to work with, which is all I’m asking for at this point. If I could have a FINISHED rough draft of something, anything, I would be thrilled. Another cool thing that goes along with it is the sense of community; there are groups you can join, discussions and so on. Writing is so solitary, it’s nice to have that camaraderie now and again.
Power is given only to those who dare to lower themselves and pick it up. Only one thing matters, one thing; to be able to dare!
It was nice to get back together again and even nicer to have friends
Time will tell (Virul3nt club mix) - Antythesys
Pain had eroded all that once supported me.
If you find yourself invited to her table, keep you mind on the conversation and not on getting a date with her. Most women want to know what kind of person they are going out with long before they actually go out with them. Make an effort to get to know her and give her the opportunity to get to know you before diving in for a date.
Why doesn't my workplace benefit plan cover all my daughter's wisdom teeth surgery costs and why do dentists charge $4000 an hour and why didn't I find this out in the first place when we scheduled the surgery and really, what different does it really make because it just had to be done and why the hell do we have wisdom teeth anyway?
The President of the CFR is Richard Haass, a member of the Jesuit-controlled Bilderberg Group (Founded by Jesuit priest Joseph Retinger, S.J. and SMOM Papal Knight Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands). During his time in the US State Department, Haass was a close advisor to Colin Powell, a 33rd Degree Freemason (Admitted on Masonic websites) who addressed the Roman Catholic Marymount University in 2006. Haas was also the US Special Envoy for Northern Ireland, which is 40% Roman Catholic as a country. Haass also served as a special assistant to George H.W Bush, the Knight of Malta, member of the Vatican-controlled Bohemian Club, High-level Freemason, and Skull & Bones Papal Knight of Eulogia. Haass is also a Rhodes Scholar (Rhodes Scholarships have been given out to Jesuit grads, in many cases).
LC: I was surprised that Aphrodite languished beside Hephaestus and Ares until the very last minute. Are we all jealous of her beauty? Or is it perhaps that her meddling in the lives of Paris and Helen—leading to the Trojan War—is unforgiveable? I feel that in that case she was only true to her nature, and really, the whole thing was set off by discontented Eris and her wretched apple anyway. As for Hephaestus, well, I rather like him. At least he got his hands properly dirty with all that smith work—and he had a pretty rotten start in life (Hera again, chucking him down to earth and crippling him). His inventions were amazing—and I’ve always wanted one of his trundling magical food trolleys. Ares—well, personally I would have put him lowest of the low. Apart from the problem I have with war anyway, he was a coward who whimpered with fear when he had even the smallest wound. If you’re going to set heroes fighting—let alone the rank and file troops—then at least have the decency to set them a heroic example.
Today the orchids in my office; decided this is the day to show their purple power….so I took a pic with my phone and sent it to you. The universe is always sending us signs and this is one for sure….Traci among the Purple orchids seemed like a message that was encouraging, nurturing, and one full of gratitude. So I am sending you this with respect……blessings for all that you do.
With the closure of the Exchange, the Dalkey Book Festival will find itself without a bookshop this year. In June, thousands of tourists will flock to the village to spot their favourite authors. Maeve Binchy, Neil Jordan, Declan Hughes, Martina Devlin, Brian Keenan, Joe O’Connor, Don Conroy and Sarah Webb, all live within walking distance of the shop. As one local sardonically points out, “you can’t throw a stick down the main street without hitting a writer. And there are plenty of writers we’d like to hit with sticks around here…”
It’s here.
Two Songs
in a dark room
Angst. Writing this book is really hard. My main character only really comes into herself in the second half of the book, so how do I make her engaging in the first half? I don’t know.
bordered red geraniums
Author: “Radical Vegetarianism”, vegan and art historian
He tells me how much he liked my piece. He asks for my phone number and a copy of the essay and I give him both on the spot.
By understanding the reasons to why we must make time for someone, we are ensuring that we live a fulfilled life without any regrets, based on this blogger named Andy Pitt (:
ARTY 5/10
As writers we’re always on the search for the perfect amount of detail.
That’s my mom in the back corner with the light-coloured suit. Doesn’t she look proud?
“Can you tell us what it felt like when the plant took root in your solar system?”
What is disappointment, really, but just something short of your expectations? That made me think about my expectations--do I have them set unreasonably high? What makes me think that I deserve anything, anyway?
my Pu-erh tea and dreams –
I've never been the most well prepared mom during my children's tenure. During play dates, while other mothers doled out Goldfish crackers and delicious cold juice boxes to their hungry offspring, I'd assure mine they just thought they were hungry, then encourage them to turn their Dickinsonian beggar faces away from the sight of that cheddar flavored cracker crack.
Just a bit of weather and architectural weirdness.
Proud.
Five months later I received an acceptance letter. I cried for half an hour. All mixed up, happy and scared.
The number of tax-paying farm-workers, according to the SA revenue statistics in 2009, have dropped from the original 1,6-million in 1994 to below 350,000 by the end of 2008. The proposals in the Security of Tenancy Bill are also rather vague as to whether all these original 1,6-million farm-workers and their large, extended clans and their descendants would also be able to claim-tenancy rights on farms - or whether it only applies to the current number of tax-paying workers. At any rate, this Bill will result in an even greater reduction of the rapidly-shrinking, viable farm land in South Africa.
Both are by Jennifer Adams with art by Alison Oliver, and I am madly in love with them. I only wish the publishers had also sent me Pride and Prejudice: A Counting Primer and Romeo and Juliet: A County Primer as well. I mean, these books are just cool. Everything about them is right, from the feel of the thick pages to the colors to, of course, the text and artwork.
She realizes she has raised her voice too much. Regaining her composure, she breathes in slowly, deeply.
5. Aquavit. I can think of one or two cocktails made from gin’s Scandinavian cousin but I’d like to see more. Aquavit comes in two main types, in my experience: the clear variety is more caraway-driven and the other, aged variety balances the caraway with dill and other spices. I prefer the latter, and I think it’s probably easier to mix, too.
RND 10: *sc in first st, dec over next 2 st)*, repeat around (8 stitches)
year approval was gained to begin the Select Committee to Investigate Pornographic Materials, dealing
Taru quickly followed Tripti, She was walking really fast for a sixty year old woman; soon she took a turn and entered a room. Taru followed her but stood right at her place, absolutely transfixed.
Actually, there is more than a grain of truth in that particular criticism. For this is certainly not a racial issue. Indeed, one of the many red herrings in this debate is that — if cultural characteristics are discussed at all — the gangs tend to be described as ‘Asian’.
You did not come here to cry
Think nationally. Think about the future of liberty-oriented politics. Ron Paul has had his shot. Now clear a path for Gary Johnson to actually get somewhere, in the fall. Hold your nose one last time and vote... (heaven help us)... for Scudder.
11/22/63, by Stephen King – My first, and probably only Stephen King, but I loved it. Loved. Time travel novels are kind of my kryptonite and this one was ah-mazing. Jake Epping is a high school teacher in present-day Maine, divorced from a manipulative alcoholic, when he reads an essay by one of his night GED students about the night the student’s father committed a brutal multiple murder. That shocking tale is still reverberating in Jake’s head when his sort-of friend Al Templeton drops a major bombshell: the storeroom in Al’s diner is a portal to 1958. A time-traveler who’s willing to risk… well… everything could pop through, take up residence in the past, and prevent Lee Harvey Oswald from shooting JFK in 1963. Al can’t carry the mission through himself – he’s returned from an attempt just to die of lung cancer. Jake is intrigued, and he thinks he might be able to stop his student’s father from committing his horrific crime if he travels back, so he goes. What Jake doesn’t bargain for is falling in love – which he does, with a lovely (albeit klutzy) librarian named Sadie Dunhill. Will Jake be able to carry out his “business” in the past and save JFK, or will his love for Sadie distract him from the dangerous work he has to do? And if he succeeds, what consequences might flow from his act? 11/22/63 is a tome that kept me feverishly turning pages, including over 400 in one day – it’s just that exciting. (It’s also violent and contains some pretty offensive language, so potential readers beware.) This wasn’t Stephen King’s usual fare, which might be why I loved it so much – because horror doesn’t hold much appeal for me, although time travel / suspense / love stories do. (I loved Jack Finney’s Time and Again, and King thanks Finney in his acknowledgements – makes sense.) After reading this heart-wrenching page-turner, there’s nothing for me to do but add my voice to the chorus saying… All hail the King.
A bunny is the best thing yet.
Snowboard KidsSBK: Snowboarding Kids
Well, for Gwyneth, Jennifer, Zoe, and Nikki, literally, but many other celebrities are jumping on the “go green” bandwagon!
Facts Last year a group of film studios scored a significant victory in the Internet piracy battle when they succeeded in forcing BT, one of the UK's most popular internet service providers, to block access to an online service called NewzBin2. NewzBin2 was a sequel service to NewzBin, a site which greatly facilitated its paid users' attempts to download copyright-infringing films and other media. The Studios beat the first NewzBin in a 2010 High Court action, forcing its shutdown. But the sequel service quickly rose in its place. In 2011, in a test case against BT (for more details see my earlier CI, "NewzBin2: the first section 97A injunction against an ISP" here), the Studios changed tactics. Rather than attack the infringing service direct, they targeted one of the ISPs through which individuals accessed it. In doing so they sought, successfully, to rely on section 97A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (“CDPA”), a previously unused provision which provides that “The High Court…shall have power to grant an injunction against a service provider, where that service provider has actual knowledge of another person using their service to infringe copyright.” With BT ordered to block Newzbin2, the Studios obtained similar blocks against ISPs Sky and TalkTalk. No doubt buoyed by these successes, a group of record companies are now seeking an order that six of the UK's largest ISPs block a different – and far more high profile – service: The Pirate Bay (TPB). Like most services of its type, TPB does not host infringing content. It provides links to torrent files, which allow users to download content using the BitTorrent peer-to-peer file sharing protocol. Most of the content available on TPB is unlawful copies of films, music and software. TPB is probably fairly described as the celebrity poster-boy of piracy. It has been the subject of countless court actions around the world, and its four founding Swedish members have been criminally prosecuted for their part in the service, receiving custodial sentences and large fines (although as far as this author knows, these penalties have yet to be served or paid). Yet the site still operates, defiantly describing itself as "The galaxy's most resilient BitTorrent site". As at the end of last year, it was the 43rd most popular website in the UK (according to Alexa) and generating millions of dollars of advertising revenue a month. With the agreement of both sides, the record companies' application has been split in two: a preliminary hearing to decide whether the users and operators of TPB infringe the record companies' copyright; followed by a hearing on whether a block should be ordered and what form it would take (although the court held that it was not necessary to split such applications in this way – they could well be heard all at once). Mr Justice Arnold has now ruled on the first issue, finding overwhelmingly in the record companies' favour. Analysis It is worth noting that, unusually, none of the affected parties defended this part of the record companies' application. The question to be answered was "does TPB or its users infringe copyright?", yet neither were parties to the claim (nor had it been served on them). Ultimately, the record companies are seeking an order against ISPs, but none of the six targeted chose to defend the application either. Perhaps this is unsurprising – the ISPs rightly point out that it is not for them to decide whether TPB's activities are unlawful. Further, had the ISPs sought to defend a service which so openly revels in its misdeeds, they may have suffered negative costs consequences when that defence inevitably failed. Declining to resist this part of the application may mitigate any liability to those costs the ISPs may ultimate have. Given its notoriety, it was a fairly safe bet to assume the High Court would find that both TPB and its users infringed the record companies' copyright, but Mr Justice Arnold nevertheless gave thorough consideration to the legal issues, not least because there was no party present to defend the alleged perpetrators.
It alleged that Najib had asked for the Opposition to work closely with the Government.
Currently there are few practical restrictions on nose height; the 2009 aero regs did prevent bodywork being added high up to the top of the nose, such as the bridge wings and antler horns we saw in 2008.
And it’s Christ that sets our dear friend, Esther, apart from the rest. The world around us demands that our personality, creativity, sense of humor, abilities, experiences, authority, knowledge, etc be that which gives us favor and attention in the eyes of others, but our Creator speaks of something different. He gently and boldly says, “Let Me give joy and confidence through the value, purpose, identity that I offer.”
One of those little orange balls that get tied onto beaches had appeared out of nowhere!
In our second segment, we talked about different scenarios for deflection and the cost of deflection compared to the cost of an evacuation of people from the impact zone. Rusty talked about knowing the impact zone and why we can evaluate this much further in advance of impact than when working with space debris. A listener asked about using a nuclear bomb in space for mitigation. Rusty took us through the nuclear analysis and when as a last resort, a nuke might be needed. In this analysis, he again went over the kinetic impact and then talked about the gravity tractor concept which he said was slow but very precise. In his analysis, he used an interesting analogy to baseball, pitching the fastball, & the point at which the batter must act given the speed of the ball. Don’t miss it. We talked more on telescopes and he mentioned the University of Hawaii ATLAS project (www.fallingstar.com). Another important point discussed in this segment was the fact that NASA has no official responsibility to protect us from a hit. We talked about the consequences of this policy, changing the policy to officially give NASA this responsibility, and funding it through the budget process. During our discussion, Rust outlined several steps that listeners could take if interested in this issue. Rusty offered specific recommendations all of us could do that would be beneficial to planetary defense.
The Maloney Team: Bethel Island, CA., A little break from real estate for a bit. I thought I’d get out of town and visit Bethel Island to check out their annual excuse to act crazy, drink beer and watch the catfish races. Here’s some pics that you might enjoy
My last card is for the Unity Challenge - which is a color challenge to use Pink, Green and off-white. I choose my paper first - this one is from Cosmo Cricket Tea for Two 6x6 pad - perfect for the color challenge. And because this paper felt a little vintage I decided to use this great Unity set called For the Record. And the sticker letters are from the Echo Park paper set that matches these stamps.
Some of these are nominally mandatory spending items and have caps of their own imposed by The Act.
Transitioning to something new means something must be wrong with the old. Some people try to fight change that’s why they wear shorts when it’s cold. Not trying to believe that change has come.
Now there are already laws in existence that proscribe the preaching of race hatred, and it is true that the BBC in collaboration with the Crown Prosecution Service sought to convict the BNP Chairman of transgressing the already established legal parameters. Twice in 2006, Nick was hauled into the dock, only for a jury of his peers to clear him of any wrongdoing. Clearly they didn't think the BNP was spreading 'vindictive and malicious poison', then.
Tickled Pink Stamps is an Australian based online company that stocks a range of popular and well sought after stamps from many companies all over the world and is always so excited to be supplying you with everything cute, quirky and PINK… They now have their very own Lil Lolita and Lil Lads along with the cute Lil Pinkette range. Tickled Pink Stamps is excited to be sponsoring Card Makin Mamas.
Loved it. That place was an effing PALACE. Ugh. Beautiful. So beautiful you could puke. And did I ever, but I'll get to that in a bit.
The standard litany followed that order, as principal assistants reported readiness to launch. The next words I heard, however, were not part of that litany.
We shed a tear for you today
It's probably just as well that we took a little break from the beach house reno, because about this time, things got really complicated -- we purchased a pied-a-terre in the city.
Thank you to Ren-Yi and the present and former DT members for organising and taking part in the blog hop. I knew something was up, but wasn't aware of the details - I am deeply moved by it.
Three days earlier, he'd played to a packed house at the 2600 seat Boston's Symphony Hall, where seats were around $100.
She loves the Slinky Malinki series, so I was happy to find this at the library. This one brings out the 'villian' of the original for his own spot in the limelight. He isn't afraid of anything, but himself! I will end up buying it because she'll have it re-read as much as the others.
* I love Rapping when am bored.
Annie’s Natural Goddess dressing (can mix with olive oil to decrease sodium)
Blend together the topping ingredients - not as much as the filling - it's nice to keep some chunks of strawberries in the topping.
Today I woke up to the cacophonous twitterings of winged creatures outside my window. They were reveling in the light drizzle that fell from the overcast sky, parrying for the perfect puddles, wrestling for the wriggliest worms. I determined to write something beautiful and eloquent for this glorious Monday morning.
What to do to win the ARC?
Hutchison’s writing style and natural humour and wit reminded me a lot of Terry Pratchett and Garth Nix. I was smiling throughout the story because the characters themselves are so well written and come out with some cracking lines.
For the first time, I went to a very dark place about it and I finally get it.
To be in His presence and feel His great work and wisdom flow through me -a flawed human -was a delight unlike anything I could ever hold. And that was because the delight in His guidance was something that more or less held me instead of me holding it. In this moment, I reveled in His presence. And that was the cause.
I've been a bit of slacker the last couple days. I haven't blogged in a couple days, and yesterday wasn't the most cleansing day. Oh well, I still followed the rules- no gluten, sugar, coffee or animal products (that part's easy since I'm vegan), but I haven't made the healthiest choices and I haven't been eating enough raw food!
Afternoon all. Thank you for all your get well wishes - I've spent the last three days coughing, sleeping and sweating. My head has felt full of razor-blades and someone has swapped my legs for jelly. I can't blame Toad entirely for this as it has been through his office like a wildfire - I think they have all been off with it sometime over the last week. It's a nasty germ that's for sure.
Have had wonderful time so far. Got a tan at railay beach and went night snorkeling and swam in phosphorescent waters. It was absolutely amazing, like swimming in the sky and creating stars with a mere sweep of your hand. I felt like a floaty wet goddess. I'll never forget it.
The U.S. Supreme Court is considering a case brought by a group of Nigerians seeking damages under the statute, claiming Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) helped their government commit torture and murders in the early 1990s. The company argued that corporations can’t be sued under the law. Four federal appeals courts have permitted corporations to be sued under the Alien Tort Statute, the Nigerians argued.
Why is it that in 2012, we are fighting a war that I thought the suffragettes won 100 years ago? Women deserve affordable and safe healthcare. They deserve the opportunity to have access to things that will help them live healthier lives. As much as people don’t want to seem to admit it, that’s part of the whole “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness” thing too.
Even though I have not posted regularly that doesn't mean I have not taken photos. Instead of letting them collect virtual dust. I decided to do one major post of outfits that I have worn, but, sadly, was too lazy to post. There are also a few outfits that just did not look good on camera. I love my orange dress,but it does not love me. My hair was really off that day as well. Oh well, I'll try again. I'm done with that lazy chick behavior. I will be back soon with my fashion show outfits. Right now I'm trippin because the warm weather is almost here and I have not worn any of my coats. F#%$ it, I'm wearing at least one before I pack them up. I'll be back soon. I hope you enjoy.
Once upon a time there was a herd of red faced gibbons. They were so horrible that the animals of their forests banished them. They begged to the animals of a nearby forest and were given shelter there.
okay so i got tagged by a couple people on facebook to do this note thingy and i finally got around to doing it and decided to put it on my blog as well.
The next morning the phone rings again. 'Are we coming? I am worried you will get lost." More soothing words from Gem.
Religious extremists have been harassing and killing teenagers with ‘strange’ or ‘emo’ appearances
“No matter,” she thought to herself while consulting her map of the city to determine how to navigate back to the Cathedral where she was staying. “I think it still looks stunning.”
40. The title of the film Streets of Fire starring Michael Paré and Diane Lane, was drawn from a Bruce Springsteen song, from his album Darkness on the Edge of Town. The song, unfortunately, does not appear in the film.
invisible lips hidden by beard and dripping pieces of blood
Furthermore, if it were the intention of the Legislature to fix the time at which Commonwealth Act No. 671 would cease in its operation as of the date when the President could file his report before Congress when it first convened not in special session but in regular session, it would have expressly and unequivocally said so. In its other acts of delegation of powers when the legislature wanted to have the report of the President at its regular session, it expressly and explicitly said so. In section 3 of Commonwealth Act 494, in section 5 of Commonwealth Act 496, in section 6 of Commonwealth Act 498, in section 3 of Commonwealth Act 500 and in section 4 of Commonwealth Act 600, the National Assembly provided that the President shall report to the National Assembly within ten days after the opening of the next regular session of the said Assembly of whatever acts have been taken by him under the authority of those Acts. The Assembly left nothing for interpretation or speculation. In section 3 of Commonwealth Act 671, however, the same Assembly has not specified the kind of session before which the President should make his report. It merely said that upon the convening of the Congress the President shall report thereto all the rules and regulations promulgated by him. We should make no distinction where the law makes or calls for none. Here again, to support the majority opinion would require reading into the law, section 3 of Act 671, something that is not there.
I'm thankful that I see my mom several times a week, talk to her a dozen times a day, and have her (and my father) care for my children when I'm at work. I'm thankful I have an equally amazing grandmother (and grandfather) who also take care of my children, my house, and me, every week. I'm thankful I have a mother-in-law (and father-in-law) who cook amazing food for my children, take them to and from school, and look after them, when I'm working my 9-to-5 shift, Monday to Friday.
I have not been.
The base for this card is a Kraft cardstock that I stamped with Versamark and a Background stamp from Whiff of Joy...... the effect is really natural and soft!! Then I played with the strass putting them here and there.
We've always had an unhealthy love affair with words at Sell! Towers, you only need a quick glance at some of our work to gather that. Whilst the world seems to be going increasingly the other way, we still believe wholeheartedly in the power of persuasive and compelling copy, as I'm sure many writers (and others) in the business do also. So we were delighted to learn that CBS Outdoor are running The London Long Copy Challenge, which gives us yet another reason to dust off the old typewriter again.
This book goes towards the following reading challenges:
On our way South we were about to cut through Java to Mbali to start our Leopard search when we received a message that a pack of Wilddogs had been located not far away. We were aware that some of the guys were tracking them but did not think that they would locate on them that quickly. Once again being lucky enough to be close to the area we put our plans on hold and responded to the dogs, after all it's not everyday you get to see this endangered species. Making our way into the sighting we found them lying all over the place and it was difficult to find a spot to approach from as they seemed to be everywhere. A final count had them at nineteen, which is a very impressive pack especially when you get to see them get mobile and start running in their distinctive line as we did soon after joining the sighting. As you can imagine the sighting attracted a fair amount of attention so we did not stay long so as to give everyone a chance to get to see them before the sun set, as we do not view them after
and then vertically. For the vertical stitches, I wove the thread over and under the horizontal thread. This was quite a challenge! In fact, I had to use a delicate sewing needle with a tiny eye rather than my usual embroidery needle. When I first started the repairing stitches, I used white sewing thread. The whites didn't quite match so it was very obvious and the sewing thread weight-wise was actually too coarse and heavy. I wasn't sure what sort of thread to use that would match both in color and weight. After a bit of experimenting, I ended up using a thread from my embroidery fabric! I carefully pulled the thread out of the weave along the cut edge of my fabric. It worked really well and you can barely see the repair.
doing daring things..
Includes some furnishings, appliances, dedicated parking spot, electricity, hot water, high speed internet, and an old upright piano.
Dougal McNeil / In the Gap / 208
The rest is a blur. Justin says something romantic like "So, we live here." and I laugh and agree.
Are you planning on doing a PWC?
This week when my shipments of Nutrisystem arrived and I unpacked them, I noticed a few dinners and other items that I thought I would never like, therefore I never would have bothered trying.
i managed to fill 9 of those spots, which i had to try and list every hour or so, all week, but doing so did get me the spots i wanted. but i really dont want to sit here all day. unfortunately thats how it has to be for the moment.
Currently heading out of North Texas .. through Central Oklahoma .. extending through east Kansas … through Central Missouri — into southwest and central west Illinois.
This is Toth's fourth novel, according to his press, so hopefully his writing will evolve in a more cohesive manner in the future.
Here is a taste
The message I want readers to grab is it does not matter how hard or bad your life once was you can overcome it and be the person that God wants you to be.
So our very own Jade Ashton Scully has been busy! Check out these amazing photos of a concept shoot she organised with makeup artist, Marieke Sixx and photographer, Mads Norgaard.
The care home staff pushed the lady through to her room for some quiet, and some privacy.
"This allegation represents what is valuable about the commission’s work to the people of Texas," said Stephen Saloom, policy director of the Innocence Project in New York.
I believe in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord, who was born of a woman, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, died and was buried; on the third day he rose again from the dead; he ascended into heaven, and is seated at the right hand of God the Father almighty; from there he will come to judge the living and the dead.
This is what you see through the doors at the main entrance and lobby. Yes. This is the main entrance. I really like the coat hanger thing. It speaks of the old chateau world, of luxury... and winter coats... in the middle of June. And what's behind the coat rack and carved oriental screen?
Arctic sea ice extent for January 2012 was the fourth lowest in the satellite record. Including the year 2012, the linear rate of decline for January ice extent over the satellite record is 3.2% per decade.
i won’t tell how we ended up with each other, ’cause it’s just too cheesy, or what challenges that we have faced and currently facing ’cause I may cry. lol.
I participated in NaNoWriMo—that crazy, madcap month when anyone can become a novelist—for nine years running. Starting when my son was nine months old, corralled in a playpen beside the laptop, and continuing until he was in the third grade, I set aside every November to write a novel. I wrote through everything. I wrote while packing to move to Seattle. I wrote while temporarily living in a business hotel in Cincinnati. I wrote while recovering from swine flu-induced pneumonia. Last year, in what would have been my tenth anniversary with NaNoWriMo, I stopped.
Far underground in a cave, resting on an ornately carved stone slab, a person sleeps. Descriptions of this person vary; some have said they see themselves, others a tall man with short brown hair, dressed in a well-made suit, and still more a short woman wearing a red and gold dress, who has long hair, ice-white in color. Sometimes, these conflicting reports have even been gathered from members of the same party, none of whom left the room, and all of which never saw the figure on the slab alter in appearance.
Of course, there are different kinds of ends. There is the time when a country is coming to its end, like the period before Communism came to Russia. At that time a great spiritual revival was actually occurring. They had great saints, such as St. John of Kronstadt and the many Elders of Optina. Many holy monks and bishops were living at that time, and many people were very fervent. But the whole society was sort of against it: it had become so Westernized – almost anti-Christian – that the revival was finally submerged. If you look at it from the point of view of a spiritual revival, however, there definitely was such a revival going on.
thank you, friend
Context on the show: Bart is distraught after losing his longtime dog, Santa’s Little Helper. His father gives the above speech, fueling Bart’s inner fire and prompting him to do something about his problem.
Lead Guitar – Steve Napoleoni Monge
No! Do not like confinement!
Anyone have any cute kid stories to share? Moments of laughter? How about humiliation? Today is share day, so speak up!
* Hi Gemma and welcome to tall tales & short stories. Could you tell us a little about yourself?
And the Trader Vic’s? The lounge/restaurant is similarly a mod adaptation of the old Trader Vic’s. It stands across a parking lot, which somehow made it seemed small and removed. Longtime tiki fans will be horrified by the amount of light allowed to enter — it’s got more in common with a Googie coffee shop than a dusky faux-Polynesian haunt of yore. I have to admit, it’s strikingly beautiful. But the more intimate scale, the cars passing by outside, the TV in the bar…. it seems to have more in common with Applebee’s than one of the old Trader Vic’s. The place doesn’t transport you so much as give you a poke in the ribs and a wink.
This is a very easy dish to prepare and kids are sure to love it. A good way to get kids to eat French beans. The taste of fried eggs with a little garlic chilli sauce is nice. My kids love to eat the eggs with tomato sauce!
What finally brought Tyler to the mansion after more than 40 years in the spotlight was Rock ‘n’ Roll Fantasy Camp, a program that allows people to live out their rock & roll dreams and spend four intense days training with counselors to play with Tyler or other superstars, such as Kiss’ Gene Simmons, who will be the headliner at an upcoming event in Las Vegas from October 10th through 14th.
This is a tricky one. I like where Buttle has placed UKUnpublised. There are no pretentions. This is simple and accessible book publishing for those who are not out to kiss the stars or reach the New York Times bestseller list. Yes, for less, Lulu or CreateSpace could offer more in the way of reach, but that is not where this company places itself.
5. I am a rabid fan of the following shows on TV: Mad Men, Pan Am, Revenge, Downton Abbey, Ghost Hunters, Community, Parks and Recreation, The Office, and 30 Rock.
I am a Mommy, and I am a Writer. A mismatch yes, but there it is.
Now your attention turns to intense matters about shared property, credit card debt, inheritances, insurance matters, and anything you hold jointly with someone else. You might also be focused on your partner's wealth and income, or your ex partner's. (Ya think?) Actually, this is an excellent time to clear up loose ends in these areas. Privately, the intensity of the next few weeks activates your desires at a sexual level as well. You're hot stuff! Whether your focus is on money or sex or both, you have a memorable month ahead. (Guess who's singing "I'm too sexy for my shoes"?)
Goodie bags for each pirate.
and what better motivation is there? than to serve the King of Kings?
The blog posting is intended for His Excellency, Honorable President Obama which I believe will be very much helpful to the ensuing Presidential Election 2012.
This past weekend I finally finished the the central part of the blanket. I looked at Roger, "Finished! All I have left to do is the trim around it. Now when is the baby due"?
Her mother had a brain tumour only a few months before all this happened.
My opinion.
Beware: Spoilers ahead (if Internet accounts are to be believed; I won’t see the movie until Friday). I’ll give you a countdown to the spoilers, though.
Friends of mine are using diet plans such as Weight Watchers and the Atkins Diet. I think this is a great idea because the ‘plans’ have things already picked out.
toward the shopping plaza
Last year, I learned a LOT about myself as a person, and about what type of person I wanted to be. I realized that you don't get to decide when you're a grownup...it happens without your permission. I learned to accept that things can't always be perfect, that sometimes you only get one shot at something, and that it's OK to fail. Most importantly, I learned that you are a collection of your behavior, not what you resolve to be or how you think of yourself...but by what you do, what you say, and what you are.
At this point you can incorporate it into your projects. As for me, I like to take increditape and run it through the glitter. That's why I work in a container that's so much larger than what I need for inking the glitter--to give myself space to pull the tape through.
FN7 Index No. 104403/09 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Co. Jan. 18, 2012).
"I wonder what they’re up to?"
"Oracle" new board
A quick check on the world’s sma-rtest imitators corroborates Chittoor’s view. Apple added an internal hard drive and a classy build to outdo the original MP3 player. Google integrated Microsoft Office functions and unlimited space into Gmail to distinguish it from others. Similarly, all successful imitations have an element of innovation built into them. Be it Big Bazaar expanding Spencer’s Retail’s product portfolio. Or Wheel adding new variants to the low-end detergent. Academics have a new term for such innovation+imitation: imovation.
Challenge 7: March 25
This was the picture in front of our house a week ago. The storm had passed and Sunday morning presented us with a bright blue sky. The sun glistened off the ice on the trees and the new-fallen snow was clean and white. We don’t often get a scene like this in Tennessee, so it certainly qualifies as scenic to us.
Does this mean I have a beef with replacement guitarists? Not by a long shot. What it does mean though is that true to the nature of a douche, little of his accomplishments can be attributed to his own merits. He’s pretty much a great covers player and did some guitar work for other bands including Slash’s Snakepit. That means he’s a second fiddle, that means he’s not a superstar, that means people can stop sucking on his cock right about… umm.. now.
06/06 – Pomona, CA @ The Glass House
Also in the United States of America they have noted the danger social networks can do for certain governments when people can get mobilized by such electronic networks. They are also aware that in case in an other country an uproar happens their own people could get to know about it and ask them to react, while other while they would prefer not to interfere and not to spend any money to actions.
A dog had followed his owner to school. His owner was a fourth grader at a public elementary school. When the bell rang, the dog sidled inside the building and made it all the way to the child's classroom with him before a teacher noticed him and shoo'ed him back outside and closed the door behind him.
Then one day as she picked him up and bathed him before giving him his lunch, he turned his head to be able to look her in the face with his good eye and he smiled.
Cameron just finished up his first year as a Cubbie at Awana Club! I honestly wasn't so sure we'd make it until the end because he got pretty sad when I left him for the first few weeks (back in August). After the first month, it was smooth sailing and he couldn't wait to see his friends and teachers each Sunday!
Take, for example, Downtown Book Center Inc, the only bookstore in Downtown Miami. It opened its doors in 1965 and is still going strong. I have only seen this bookstore in passing (I plan to drop in for a better look tomorrow if the weather allows) but I think the main secret to their success is location: they are on a very busy street in the middle of Downtown Miami, with pedestrians going by non-stop.
If you play multiple genres, you don’t want a drive that only does one style.
One man had been in this country for 30 years! He said, “how can they send me back? I AM this country! I MADE this country!”
Our gorgeous bride Kate has had a great time playing princess with her small attendants. She has "ooohed" and "ahhhed" at all the right places and genuinely loved taking herself out of the adult realm of wedding stress to enjoy a bit of play before her big moment of the day. While all of the children have run off to burn away some sugar heightened energy levels, Kate takes a break of her own, to enjoy the moment before all eyes are on her. A bite of a buttery cupcake and a good book of love poetry perhaps?
Does this make me selfish? Perhaps.
I just wish the Government would realise that comprehensive education is under-performing. The abolition of grammar schools was, in my opinion, the single worst decision made my any Government regarding education and this needs to be remedied if the next generation are going to receive the education they deserve and are entitled to.
I have been home for at least two hours and I’m still in a pissy mood.
2/25/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Wunderbar
Remember my quest to recreate the walnut rolls of my youth? These came very, very close to the right texture and sweetness! I think I would just need to omit the cranberries, substitute in a little bit of whole wheat flour, and knot up the rolls, and I'd be dang close to the original.
Supper tonight was sliced gammon with roast potato's, carrots, green beans and clebrese with parsley sauce made from the parsley pot I have in the garden downstairs. Baked bananas and ice cream for dessert.
Yep that's right folks....after nearly 3 months I am put fingers to keyboard lol
May good luck pursue you each morning and night.
Seeing how the Babylonian account have so much extra material interwoven, I would imagine that this account is a later than the Palestinian, wanting to tell what the Palestinian account is leaving out and explain what was going on. The parable about the “ones below” and the “ones above” becomes much more concrete in the Babylonian account, while the question on why God would let him die, when righteous men are praying for him also is being answered. R. Yehudah HaNasi is also elevated to a higher status in the Babylonian account that in the Palestinian one, concluded on the context of the narratives, though the Palestinian account in no way gives the impression that it was “just a rabbi” who died here, highlighted by the response to the news of his death.
Dennis Dunaway-bass.
as men stumble and climb.
Don’t get me wrong: people’s heads are gonna get kicked in still. This is a roster full of prep All-Americans. There will still be collegiate All-Americans on this roster at the end of the season. Allen Bradford is still very much more a man than anyone you know, thank you.
Humans are limited creatures, and we can only do our best based on what we know at this moment. To do this we need to question everything, and be vigilant, lest we get sucked into our passions, which stem from the body which will perish. But this body is part of a deeper order which we need to understand, a reason necessarily of the mind alone, but of our bones. What are the principles of the cosmos, beyond our petty, human concerns?
The results are equally striking for patents owned by non-practicing entities (NPEs), and for software patents. NPEs and software patentees overwhelmingly lose their cases, even with patents that they litigate again and again. Software patentees win only 12.9% of their cases, while NPEs win only 9.2%.
Shirlee @ The Easily Influenced Stitcher
June 27 – Milwaukee, WI – Quater’s Rock’n'Roll Palace
There was a lot of complexity to this novel. The earth in this novel is one where people set off massive detonations, wreaking havoc on the world in the hopes of one day starting over. While Partridge was one of the lucky ones, safe inside the dome, Pressia and her grandfather were not. Their bodies were fused with items close to them at the time of the detonations, they are scarred and burned, and have had to struggle to survive. The Operation Search and Rescue team that was supposed to help survivors, is now ruling them. This is a world destroyed; a world in chaos.
The idea of the whole story revolving around a computer hacker just didn’t appeal to me no matter how much the usual cover blurbs praised it. And, if you read my other reviews, you should know that I don’t pay attention to those blurbs anyway. They strike me as being little more than an advertising gimmick and don’t mean I’ll like the book.
PSS An equally large thank you to all those who booked and came along to support this event – from my very own Ale Stars and friends to the secretly booked brewers and the many local beer lovers who took a bit of chance on the unknown.
I’m overwhelmed when I think about what Jesus is doing in my life. It makes me want to pray the ancient Jesus Prayer prayed by Orthodox monks (and others) through out the centuries: “Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the Living God, have mercy on me a sinner.”
1:40pm. Open eyes. Some force greater than max volume on my iPod brought me back to life. The DVD menu screen’s soundtrack was repeating. It’s decibel level was louder than the actual movie, not sure why. As far as I could tell the obnoxious intro that tried to pack a war’s worth of cinematic anticipation into its 30-second score had been playing over and over and over ever since I consciously went unconscious. I had been awake now about two minutes, which meant it took four soundtrack loops for me to realize the bus driver had abandoned ship to kick dust around with his co-workers outside. We had been left to marinate in bad B-film music. I was rose to shut off the musical Chinese drip torture amazed that this idea had not occurred to anyone else. As I gave cheek to the blank-eyed woman beside me and stepped into the aisle, I was passed by a German girl with a violent determination who had obviously endured more than four soundtrack loops and was now visibly shaken as she barreled toward the front cabin to end the madness. I sat down, curled into a ball, and once again rewound my Podcast to block out the world. “…On the subject of predictability humans and coins are kind of similar….” The whole ridiculous soundtrack situation exemplified an unfortunate characteristic of the Bolivian people: for so many years they’ve contented themselves with so little that it now goes against every grain in their personality to demand a better situation.
She glanced at me, tilted her head and beamed saying, "I'm growing up." Her face was fair and her tangled locks framed her face. "Afon kept my treasure in a box, " she paused briefly and continued, "I have it with me. Afon will make sure my face looks pretty."
- 2 1/4 c powdered sugar
But back to sartorial matters. I have noticed I wear my denim jacket a lot during the summer months and as it happens one of my favourite fashion writers wrote about this recently.
Lexicon word of the day: Lambent.
I’m sure there are plenty of twenty-five-year olds that would envy the folks in these films.
So we had a weekend in the sunshine. Yesterday the older kids came home from the youth conference, all encouraged and happy and full of good things to talk about. We ate our lunch out on the deck. Evelyn Joy kept reminding me how she has been telling me for a few weeks that she needs some things from the dollar store for her school project. Since I knew we were almost out of milk and bread and bananas...I said I would take her. (We couldn't go Monday because there is a school band concert, and Tuesday is girls' fellowship, ect ect.) So we went. She got the little girls dressed and brushed their hair into little ponytails, and off we went. I think I am the only lady in the world who can spend $82 at the dollar store. Since there is sales tax on non-food items, that means I bought at least seventy something things. Hair things and napkins and Gihardelli chocolate covered caramels and four new big plastic bowls for salads and bags of chocolate peanutbutter Bugles and some socks (three packs for a buck, can't beat that) and some things for Charlotte's birthday, which is Friday. Even for me, that was a lot!
my muse is on my shoulder, but I am done trying to persue her
And, as I said, that is EXCLUDING the United States. So, why in the world are we saving our oil all the time. I remember when those dumb democrats decided we didn’t need to explore and use our oil because we could use what someone else had first. Then we could save ours. Why!! Why in the world are we doing any of this. I am quite sure that we will have all the oil we could ever use in this world – ever. We don’t need to be conserving our oil or anyone else’s as far as I am concerned.
Q: How do your friends and classmates feel about the situation?
Conversations about performance issues are often difficult discussions for the manager and the employee. Yet a good conversation about performance can not only enhance productivity, but can also create a deeper bond between you and your employees. To manage a good conversation, consider the following:
I’m a child of Y2K. Remember that? The big scare that computers everywhere were going to shut down because they couldn’t figure out how to change a date? I remember it being a huge let-down when the lights stayed on, the computer still worked giving me no excuse for an unfinished paper, and the grocery stores continued operations and we never got to live off of the copious amounts of rice that my mom stored in nifty containers in the basement.
Drizzle with a little olive oil and bake for 30-35 minutes until soft and melting inside. Meanwhile make the honeyed pear and almonds.
But what's important is little froggy is ok!
FÜR JEDEN GESETZLICHEN KONTAKT, DER VON EINER POLIZEIBEAMTEN ODER EINE VOLLZUGSBEHÖRDE DIESES ZUSTANDES ODER EINE POLIZEIBEAMTE ODER EINE VOLLZUGSBEHÖRDE EINER GRAFSCHAFT, DER GROSSSTADT, DER STADT ODER ANDERER POLITISCHER UNTERTEILUNG DIESES ZUSTANDES AUFGENOMMEN WIRD, IN DEM ANGEMESSENES MISSTRAUEN EXISTIERT, DASS DIE PERSON IST, WIRD EIN, AUSLÄNDER, DEN WHO IN DEN VEREINIGTEN STAATEN, EIN ANGEMESSENER VERSUCH UNGESETZLICH ANWESEND IST, GEBILDET, WENN DURCHFÜHRBAR, UM DEN IMMIGRATION-STATUS DER PERSON FESTZUSTELLEN, AUSGENOMMEN, WENN DIE ERMITTLUNG EINE UNTERSUCHUNG HINDERN ODER VERSPERREN MAG.
Overnight the Asian markets were mostly higher gaining 0.2%. European markets opened lower, but turned higher gaining 0.8%. US index futures were lower, then higher, overnight. At 8:30 Q1 GDP was reported lower than expected: +2.2% vs +3.0%. The market opened higher, however, at SPX 1404 and hit 1405 in the first few minutes. The SPX had closed at 1400 yesterday. After the open the market started to pullback. At 10:00 Consumer sentiment was reported slightly higher: 76.4 vs 76.2. The market made a low at SPX 1397 right after the report, then started to work its way higher. At 1:30 the SPX hit a higher high for the day at 1407. Then it pulled back some to SPX 1402 just before the close, and ended the week at 1403.
Temps: 56:38
Harrelson
In China giving and sharing cigarettes is a customary practice. In a country where over half the adult male population smokes, cigarettes are used as gifts for various special occasions from weddings and business meetings to funerals.
November 23
Some of these are in the process of becoming fabric. I'm still all over the place with color but eventually I hope to create things that match up--large, medium and small scale prints. Something smallish to cut and sew that could be stuffed and then embellished with beads and then worn on a kumihimo cord like a pendant
I want, above all, to be effective in guiding him out of this mess. Believe it or not, he is the one who sought out a tutor for himself (yes, he -- not his parents), and he has his heart set on getting into an Ivy League school. Clearly, something complicated is going on in his I-want-it-and-I-don't behavior toward getting extra help -- but how do I get him to understand (and tell me) what that is? I haven't a clue yet. All I do know (from my own experience teaching in Iowa and in other places) is that plagiarism is rarely the result of laziness; it's more often an act of desperation. Whatever is making this kid anxious enough to seek out a tutor but balk at having her give him real assistance is at once intriguing, disturbing and, above all, saddening.
You may not be keen on e-petitions but it’s probably the nearest many of us will get to registering a protest against this plan. If you are minded to express your objection click here to go to the site to sign the petition.
When I posted Hilda’s story on Facebook, one of my friends said, “She must have a destiny to fulfill…” Maybe she’s right. Since she’s not filling a grave or someone’s stomach, maybe I could make a little patch for Hilda’s eye and she’ll enjoy fame and fortune as a chicken pirate. Or perhaps her story will make headlines and she’ll start demanding a new nesting box, green grapes and pasta every day.
I have been reading the book Creative Time and Space by Rice Freeman - Zachary and in it there was a tip about getting a shopkeepers will return at (or a do not disturb) sign to let people know you are making art. I didn't want a cheesy plastic sign, so I made my own last night. I printed a vintage photo on a sheet of canvas with the quote "The Muse is in, so I am out. Please do not disturb until", and mounted it to a piece of wood using matte medium. I then made cards with times on them using a business card template. I'm not crazy about the pocket for the cards and will most likely be changing it, but now my family knows when to leave me alone and when I can be bothered again.
OL: Will Blackwell, LSU
I'm off now to see what I can come up with for a cake for Alan's birthday for tomorrow, pictures tomorrow of it if its a success lol, if not Dishcloth challenge update on Thursday and YOP update on Sunday.
It feels good.
Add onion and bell peppers; saute for 5 min or until tender.
The process of becoming a genuine and faithful disciple of Jesus Christ is tough. It takes hard work. It doesn’t happen over night. You can’t manipulate it. It doesn’t happen (usually) from a neatly wrapped program. It’s a day-in and day-out pursuit of Christ, through his Word and prayer, in the power of the Holy Spirit, in a relational context.
Well, if the prospect of new clients and the ability to source quality, beautiful papers weren't enough...Envelopments has giving me yet another reason to love them!
So, come on piggies of the world! Let's gather up to make this fabulous Piggy Katsu.
* Jason Lee as David "Dave" Seville
We stood behind a nice little polygamous family with 12 kids.
Hapgood talked with The Times about the potential effects of such a storm and how the world should prepare for it.
THE NEXT LEVEL! Susan has gotten great results using this same method with both big and small companies.
Hal: “You really are one of the most remarkable people I’ve ever met.”
There is a very blurred grey line that snarls itself between grief and peace.. and it’s a line I walk every day. Some days are easier than others, but in the end everything is different in this world where he is not alive with me. One of my fellow BLM’s (and I have just spent an hour trying to search and remember exactly who said this so please let me know if it is you so that I can link back to your beautifully worded post) ** ETA I now have the link.. please read Emily’s beautiful post here** explained that while individually we may be ok, it is not ok that our babies died.
When: Friday 17 February 2012, 5.30pm
Jaycee Panganduyon, a first year BA in Mass Communication student, amazed her co-Jmarian as she sings “Part of That World” originally sung by Lea Salongga and has been known as one of the famous soundtracks of a Disney Movie “The Little Mermaid”.
Now look, I know they’re still plenty of Obama supporters among us but I find it very difficult to understand why so many people still love, honor and support this guy. I voted for this guy too. I fell for his smooth talk, cool demeanor and wide open smile. I’ve always been a sucker for tall dark and handsome but if he wasn’t lying then he’s lying now and I for one am mad as hell and I’m not going to take it anymore.
By then, with any hope, he’ll be beyond the help of more reasonable men and be enthralled by a day like half past August.
there was some type of topiary.
My boys love to load the washing machine. In fact sometimes they fight over who gets to load the washer, because loaded the dryer apparently is not as much fun. To make it fair to both parties I have had one load the washer and then when they were done take all the clothes out and have the other boy load the washer again. You want to be fair right?
The terrorist attacks in Oslo on July 22, 2011, were the biggest assault on Norwegian society since WW2. Needless to say, they had a huge impact on the national psyche. The left-wing community in Norway immediately demanded that conservative forces in Norway, and the Progress Party in particular, re-evaluate their political views on immigration and multi-culture, and distance themselves from what the Left labelled Muslim-hatred, once it was established that the perpetrator was a Norwegian non-Muslim ethnic male.
Eric's life aboard a top secret stealth submarine as a member of the government’s M.E.R. program has been about discipline, cunning and survival.
856 ***D-V/7/1983. “Who’s Boss? Medicine and Law–An Ordering of Principles.” Second Annual James Stone Lecture on the Philosophy of Medicine, Grand Rounds, Department of Surgery, Michael Reese Hospital, Chicago, Illinois. Organized by Dr. Richard A. Shapiro (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 389-98 (1992).)
Now before we go any further, let's distinguish between the word realistic, which means dealing with the world as it actually is, dark side and all; and the word naturalistic, which means imitating nature. Realistic is about content; naturalistic is about style. Robert Altman movies are naturalistic; Company and Next to Normal are realistic.
The point here is that there isn’t necessarily one right way to raise tax revenue – you can generate $50 billion a year in many different ways; the question then becomes one of the relative merit of the different options.
Tonight we had a new members class at church. It's a 3 week course that people that want to become members go through. Our Pastor taught the first week. My hubby and I taught this one.
“I personally wouldn’t ride my bicycle on the streets of Burlington. I wouldn’t feel safe doing that,” he said.
A new book by Stephen Budiansky may provide some answers. In “Perilous Fight: America’s Intrepid War with Britain on the High Seas, 1812-1815,” Mr. Budiansky asserts that 15% to 20% of American seafarers at that time were free African Americans. Half of the Black seafarers worked in menial roles as stewards or cooks, but the other half were regular seamen, with jobs equal to their white shipmates.
The auction is on the Dec. 7th and 8th overseen by the Auctioneer Piasa, and prices range from 10 Euro to 2,500 to 3,000 euro.
With a successful film career, Thurman once again became a desired model. Cosmetics company Lancôme selected her as their spokeswoman, and named several shades of lipstick after her, though they were sold only in Asia.
What's up, dearies? I'll just share a quick outfit post for today. I wore this outfit to the shoot for my party on April 28. It's gonna be awesome! Three events will be celebrated in one big bash - my 21st birthday, my graduation from college, and my send-off!
When she gets excited she moves her arms and legs all around.
Do you use Twitter to follow your neighborhood health systems, hospitals, physicians or support groups for disease? Tell me about it!
display the black purple lips,
I felt a little bit like Tori Spelling in this top. It's definitely more Bohemian than I typically dress. But, it's super comfy and perfect for this growing belly. It's OOOOOLD H&M that I have not been able to part with after all these years!
This is a company where an investor can get a pulse of the business simply by strolling into the many department stores it operates. For us, the local corollary would be grocery giant Dairy Farm and supermarket operator Sheng Siong Group.
Serve the shrimp over the cooked grits.
Llewellyn Vaughan-Lee, Ph.D., is a Sufi teacher and author of a number of books, including “The Return of the Feminine and the World Soul.” In recent years the focus of his writing and teaching has been on spiritual responsibility in our present time of transition and the emerging global consciousness of oneness, and the subject of spiritual ecology. He is the founder of the Golden Sufi Center. His most recent book is “Fragments of a Love Story, Reflections on the Life of a Mystic.”
In Michigan, we are emerging from these difficult economic times, but we still have many families who continue to weather this storm. In fact, 336,000 Michigan residents currently receive state of federal unemployment benefits in Michigan. Now is not the time to pull the rug out from those who need assistance to provide for their families.”
Event is free; donations are appreciated
I get pretty jealous of all these lovely lightweight and / or sleeveless entries by people who live in less cruel climates. Right after these pictures were taken my arms got frostbite, gangrenous and then fell off. Continuity-buffs, you will also note that my hair got be-ponytailed during the picture taking. This was due to extreme wind whipping my hair across my face and interfering with that soul-searching look I am sending you through your computers.
Watching back the epic film of me
Every boy will love this book. Jamie Carpenter is an average teenager with a very unusual family history. After witnessing the brutal murder of his father and then kidnapping of his mother, Jamie ends up in the secret government organisation Department 19. He soon discovers his father’s and grandfather’s links to this secret organisation, which was originally established by Van Helsing to fight supernatural forces in the aftermath of his battle with Dracula.
Ken Poole, Cardiff council's head of economic development, said: "Doctor Who is a global brand and is something that has really helped boost the profile of Cardiff internationally.
To your health!
Jeremy Glick, 31, Hewlett, N.J.
by Terry Pratchett
I don’t remember exactly what I was saying. Something about 65,000 words being the average size of a novel. We can’t all be Umberto Eco or George R.R. Martin.
almost everyone agreed that Mary’s church was backward-looking, unimaginative, reactionary, sharing both the Queen’s bitter preoccupation with the past and her tragic sterility. Marian Catholicism, it was agreed, was strong on repression, weak on persuasion. Its atrocious campaign of burnings was not merely an outrage against human decency but a devastating political blunder …. Its apologists and polemicists were dismissed as unimpressive second-raters, their works tedious and unimaginative, the regime in general fatally unaware of the crucial importance of argument and debate in the battle for hearts and minds, and neglectful of the power of both the pulpit and the printing press in that struggle (1).
On September 29, 2007, I jumped back into the fray and took Betsy Coffman’s second channeling class, now affectionately referred to as “C2.” For the most part, I still wasn’t really channeling when I worked on my own, and I didn’t feel very ready to go on to the C2 class. I decided to try it and go with whatever happened.
Though it was fast I found myself very wrapped up in the action. I liked the survival aspects of it all. It was a lot of emotion very quickly, but this served to enhance (or excuse) the insta-love. I mean if a huge Scottish warrior saves you and your 4 week old nephew from certain death in a plane crash, then from being frozen on a mountain top in Maine, I might fall a little in love too. Especially if his kisses were as good as Grace claims.
Carrot, 1 pc, cut into small cubes
By accident one day after months of treatment for my illness, I came across this tiny clip of before-diagnosis video that had caught my face staring into the camera, and I was shocked at how weary, strained and lined my face looked. Before I got sick!
Club Shaft – Get forceful, last-second acceleration from your club shaft, which acts much like a whip. Feel where the club shaft flexes, and focus on stressing the club shaft midway down your downswing instead of at the top of your swing. This will allow you to get a more explosive impact.
To celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, I have picked a classic of Latin American literature: “One Hundred Years of Solitude” by Colombian Nobel-Prize winner Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Hello and welcome to another Truly Scrumptious challenge; the two weeks between our challenges seem to fly by! We had a fantastic number of entries for our last challenge and a big thank you to everyone to took part.
My son, after eating the paleo way for a few days, came out of the bathroom one morning, announcing that his poop was green. And that, in his opinion, was just sick and wrong. I told him, it was actually quite normal, as he transitioned into this new way of eating. He was a little weirded out at first but took my word for it. :) Good boy.
We are intimidated to say ‘No’. We want to be liked. We want to respect other’s differences in opinions, feelings, beliefs or perceptions. We want to uphold their ‘God given’ or democratically granted rights and freedoms. We jump through hoops trying to be ‘fair’ towards the person we are saying ‘No’ to. Even though ‘No’ is the proper response, we are loath to say it.
Let’s first notice that this verse does not say, “But you are worthless, messed up, sin-stained people. How in the world could Christ possibly love you? It’s unbelievable that you would even think you could do something significant for the glory of God.” Why would I say that? Because it seems as though God’s people have a case of stolen identity. So often, we come to God in our state of brokenness feeling pretty lousy about ourselves. Now inherently there is nothing wrong with that, for compared to Him we are kind of lousy by nature. But there’s this subtle trap of the enemy to keep us feeling lousy. So we live like unchosen, common, unholy, orphans. That’s not who we are.
I was writing about my kids extensively, because that's what I do. I am compelled to write about my life. But because my husband and I lived hundreds of miles from our families, I was also sending out mass emails on a daily and weekly basis to update our families on our shenanigans. And I heard it again and again, “You should write a book.” (Please note: this doesn't always mean you should and I realized that this was my mom and she might be a little biased.) I thought I might have an audience when my family members started forwarding my emails to everyone in their contact lists and I began receiving feedback from people I didn't know. I started a blog and somehow convinced the editor of our local paper to let me write a weekly family humor column.
GC: Now, you’ve been in a lot of movies and plays, so what’s harder to prepare for?
Before I can even write what I intended to I'm already in tears. I shouldn't be writing you this letter you should be here in my arms snuggled against me right now. Alas, that is not what the cards held for me so instead I write to you.
Our April is jam packed with stuff to do. The first and last weekend we have weddings. The second (this past weekend) was my Dad's birthday. This weekend is the March for Babies for the March of Dimes and next weekend is Easter. It's nice to be busy, but sometimes I just want to lay around and do nothing, you know!?
The movement to oppose the NDAA is proving to be a remarkable cross-section of American politics and diversity, and last night’s audience was no exception. Two members of the Japanese-American Citizens League reminded the audience that Japanese-Americans were once indefinitely detained without due process; Ron Paul supporters emphasized that they were Constitutional conservatives; Muslim-Americans asked probing questions and noted that they were bearing the brunt of the civil liberties losses of the past decade; Occupy supporters wondered about the connection between NDAA and the Occupy movement — and pointed to the Occupy movement as an example of people taking politics into their own hands.
In other words, she doesn't say "I'm not going to lose my heart as easily as I did last time!" and ten minutes later, professes her love to some random stranger on the street. She shows admirable restraint and self-control, two traits I admire greatly.
Why don't you take some time to write down the things that you value most in your life. Whenever you feel lost, confused, down or disillusioned you can think of them to bring your thoughts back into perspective.
I yell everyone back into the kitchen
How is it that I’m succeeding and yet somehow failing?
As Sally, a Facebook friend, concluded:
It never hurts to be well-informed with the latest on Accessories Hill. Compare what you've learned here to future articles so that you can stay alert to changes in the area of Accessories Hill.
Which brings me to another topic I have been thinking about.
Oh, if you just so happen to have a large scan of this image, please send it my way…
North London film editing studio where she's putting finishing
I took the seam out so it lay sort of flat and used the extra fabric to fill in where it didn't completely cover.
Another funny lady Naomi raved about was the Un Mom who runs Random Tuesdays.What's that you may well ask? Well it's basically a challenge. Put on the slap, go to the nearest bar and see how long it takes to 'bag and bed' a random person of whichever gender you fancy.
14. The Young Fresh Fellows - Go, Blue Angels, Go
A dry crackle emerged from the trail to my right, and I immediately followed the sound. This far into the forest it was darker, the only light filtered through evergreens and fog. I looked back. The vapor had closed in behind me, obscuring the pathway like a curtain of white. Shivering
Serve with coconut chutney.
As I’m sure you do, I love playing games with my kids. We have such a great time together. I also have the luxury of playing many games with my students during the day as a way to form bonds and assist them with learning positive social skills. We have many favorites, most are the classic board games.
Good hearts,
The clues are there ;)
There are plenty of support staff who do a great job. And when you find one, they are a gem. My brother has had some staff stability in the last few years (since he moved to his new house). For the moment, we have staff who’s concerned about David in a long term basis. We form attachments as a family. We can invite these people to accompany David to family weddings, professional events, etc. And once there is some staff stability we can start talking about things like self determination, using the iPad for communications, going places specific to David’s likes, hopes, dreams.
nor ever.
The translator includes this introductory note:
As promised! Our Poll for Episode 15 is up!
As an aside here, the Melody Maker didn’t – and that is to their eternal shame; they’d done a deal with Virgin to send journalist X and photographer Y to some far-flung place in exchange for XTC being that week’s cover feature. Rob took great delight in bunching up that weeks edition and kicking it, forcefully, around the office. Below a wonderful Adrian Boot portrait of a long-locked Bob, the NME’s caption was both simple and moving: The Lion Sleeps Tonight.
Add the eggs one at the time, beating well after each one. Continue to beat the mixture until it all comes together and is a pale yellow.
Me - "Isn't it important for me to believe in myself though?"
1.) At Brodhead’s request, Trask replied to faculty assertions that the lacrosse players had an excessive amount of problems. The executive vice president said that, based on inquiries into the matter he had conducted the previous summer, he had not seen anything in the lacrosse team’s university discipline records that didn’t seem to have been dealt with appropriately or that required further intervention on the administration’s part. (He reportedly prefaced his remarks by saying that he reached this conclusion “as much as I would have liked to have found something,” suggesting that Trask was not a figure who would sugarcoat data in the lacrosse players’ favor.) Since the players tended to do things in a group, he explained, if one was found with an open container, several others would be cited for the same offense.
Well, I hope you all have a fantastic day! Remember to share the love. I'm going to take my 7-year-old daughter into my craft room and cook up something crafty! I've totally been inspired. I will be back on later with our creations and bring you some pictures of what we created.
If 162 suites were sold as assumed, the annual revenue for each scenario would be $22.5 million, $30.1 million, or $37.6 million. In other words, it would more than complement the approximately $20 million annually that the developer would get from the Barclays Capital naming rights deal, estimated at $400 million over 20 years.
Today was a LONG day.
Extensive enquiries dashed hopes that the upstarts of Scottish Brewing had seen the light. It was in fact not Punk IPA or indeed anything at all, from BD, but Offbeat Out of Step. So you can see how the mistake was easily made. I have no doubt that it was a genuine error, possibly out of wishful thinking - or bad eyesight. Not excess alcohol I'm sure. And in this case, I am sure, but disappointing nonetheless.
Therefore, treatments for impotence, including CIALIS, should not be found in men with heart disease for whom sexual intercourse is inadvisable. The following sets of patients with heart related illnesses were not included in clinical studies:
I know you may think I hadn’t lived as you would have seen fit, I didn’t move off and go to an out of state college. While yes it would have been nice, I didn’t want to. Then I was quite happy having friends over to the apartment on Tuesdays for game night, having a few drinks at home or a few parties. I could always wake up the next day and make a visit to my family. I have since paid off my house, paid off two cars, have two beautiful children who get to call you Grandpa and beg for rides in your hover-round. And even for as much as you say you do not like animals, and grumble about needing to find a sitter to take care of them if you want to go out of town, I know better… Like the last time I came to visit, you asked Snow up into your lap and took her for a ride in your chair, having her take turns with the kids for rides. So if you deny your love for animals again, and you see me grin, you’ll know I’m giggling, because I know better.
There have been numerous articles knocking financial advisors, the Mutual fund industry and more. It makes for good controversy and sells papers.
~ MAC Studio Sculpt Concealer NW25
“To go pantie-less.”
hit her
Transfer the shrimp mixture onto a small baking sheet. Divide the mixture into 4 portions, and loosely pack each into a 1-inch thick burger. You want to be gentle here - don't try to pick up the mixture and shape it the way you might with a traditional burger. Cover the burgers with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes (or up to 24 hours).
Along the front fence in our yard, we have cactus, yuccas, and pampass grass growing. The cactus was grown by my husband's grandmother, then his mother. My sweet mother-in-law shared with me as we were establishing our yard and the prickly pear makes a great border. The animals do not want to pass through the "live" fence.
I've got to say, the food was fantastic as well. This place really has it all; lots of mountain charm, a laid-back atmosphere, and plenty of delicious food and beer. And I've got to give credit to their entire beer lineup, too. The Kölsch is crisp and clean, with a tinge of spiciness from the hops and a considerable amount of grainy Pilsner malt flavor. The Full Nelson was plenty hoppy for a regular pale ale, and the lager was definitely not without merit.
If no negative testimony or comment is heard, the plan becomes effective, so no additional approval is needed.
A Google spokeswoman told the Telegraph: “We view our search results as a reflection of the content on the web. We do not remove content from our search results, except in very limited cases such as child porn and other illegal content.
1) Thank and link back to the one who thought of you
the sound of summer silence
Monday the kids had their Valentine’s day parties at school. They came home full of sugar and Valentine’s. They had lots of fun ‘playing mailman’ as Will said.
This British band actually started in London back in 1967. The only member of the band that has been with the group through their entire history is drummer Mick Fleetwood. The name of the band is a combination of the names of bass player John McVie and drummer Fleetwood. The band was already using the name Fleetwood Mac in an effort to entice John McVie to join the band, which he did a short time later but not in time for the bands first concerts and release of their first single.
We all have a lot of theories. About how his alcoholism started. We have all been frustrated, all have ropes that we have sworn we've reached the end of, and then, look at that. More rope.
I decided to quit it all and got back into hairdressing which Jon was very glad about.
Maximus: They're YUCKY! Tutu tutu tutu tutu tutu tutu. And BOOTS! Boots boots boots boots boots boots.
They have attacked one of the most fundamental of all Freedoms, the right of free speech!Unite behind Obama? Never!
Like attracts like. Light attracts Light. And that’s pretty simple!
It’s not the only thing I miss. I tend to be a very big-picture person, interested in grand cosmic patterns and trends, the kind of “If-a-tree-falls-in-a-forest” questions that can drive other people crazy.
Alex Wild / from “There is No War Here” / 120
“Don’t beat yourself up about it, sir. I’m sure you did your best. This ORB play by post game never had a chance. She was DOA.”
2007-278.9 billion Naira
Short-term peaks in fires were associated with abrupt climate changes: warming or cooling.
Vlecta-placix-zazex-rarew-yat-tat mode
I woke up at 4:30 a.m. (one of my many nightly breaks from sleeping) and ate a small snack, thinking a full belly would be more conducive to completing the six hours of sleep I had hoped for.
I would love to hear your words of wisdom!
What kind of conversation are you hoping to facilitate?
“Good. Scratch that last plan. Screw the cultists, get me those prisoners.”
City officials, after receiving the letters, consulted with their attorney who also agreed that flying the flag of one particular faith violates church-state separation and does not honor all veterans who have fought for our country. The decision was made to remove the flag.
Although the London market is buoyant in the sense prices continue to rise and there is funding available for purchases, it remains a concern that NAMA is selling its best assets now which might otherwise have appreciated more in coming years, compared with declines in its own backyard.
There are many ways to insult someone’s intelligence. My personal favorite is to answer a dumb question with a lie. Not a sarcastic answer, a total fabrication of truth. I like to see how long it takes for this person to find out the truth. I know that when they do, they will remember the lie I told them, and that is where my gratification comes in. This is, of course, only if I don’t like the person asking the dumb question. It’s never good to lie, unless you really don’t like the person you’re lying to. Then it is only moderately unacceptable.
16. Actor Charlton Heston “parted” the Red Sea attraction on the Universal Studios Tour at the attraction’s grand opening in 1973.
Babble incoherently at a fellow employee, then ask “Did you get all that?, I don’t want to have to repeat it.”
I was looking through pictures for inspiration and came across the wreaths my friend Bridget used at Christmas. This could easily pass for Valentine's day just as it is or you can change it up. Instead of green, paint the grapevine wreath white with the red roses. or vice versa. It would be cute with bright pops of color, too - use your imagination! Here's a tutorial for making burlap roses - super easy!
So the archbishop was wrong to attack them on this issue. Banks did have a case for increasing rates. He may have been trying to say they did not explain their case adequately. But, if so, what is he complaining about? Some kind of PR failure?
This morning on The Today Show they offered some money advice. This is always my favorite part of morning shows. They always have such great tips. Usually they are ones that I already know, but it is always great to be reminded.
Sir Ralph the Rover tore his hair,
I’ve been working on tree identification for the past two years. While I have a book for the Southeast, the New England area is a different story. Because I haven’t gotten a book yet, I rely on the internet (scary notion) for my information. I noticed a problem in both looking online and trying to identify tree leaves still on the tree vs. fallen tree leaves. Their sizes don’t always match.
Considering you will easily spend 400 quid over the weekend too.
Moved away from home
(Just enter the word "malimlin" to see their various offer).
T-minus 60 seconds.
Of their own hunting grounds;
11. Crooked Head
This particular piece began by building with my favorite netting and then I tried some silver leaf? Things took a turn and I cut out the vessel from its background. Still not okay and feeling it was one of those failed pieces...I began ripping parts so as to save for future collage. Somewhere in this process, I liked the shapes and stopped to stitch the vessel back together again with a few pieces lost (brown paper backing). I rather like it now and realize it speaks to the memories I've been holding/letting go. In a true sense it was like unearthing sacred parts of my life...go figure?
Seeking sustenance
Please join me in wishing An Austin Homestead a big "good-bye" and i hope you will check out, and hopefully stick around, Pocket Pause for many more of the posts you have enjoyed here and will continue to enjoy there. I'm so proud to have built up such a loyal following. I'm sure I will lose many of you in this transition, but i hope many of you will follow me, Pocket and the husband to our new blogging destination. Hint: i'm working on some "giveaways" as added incentive ;)
What in the hell! Here I am all prepared for a lecture and He admits He is at fault. I felt better instantly. It's crazy in a 24/7 how routine comes into play and when the routine is off I as the sub feel completely put off. As I was kneeling at His feet and we were discussing our disagreement I was already in my submissive head space. I am allowed entrance to His bed and lay in His arms and talk some more. I must of gotten a little to loose lipped because He tells me, "So are you trying to give me a lecture?" Eeepp..... I shut my mouth and get to my duty of His nightly oral.
I have previously warned that unless something is done to reverse current demographic trends, economic necessity, together with the ‘culture of death’ ideology which is becoming more openly accepted, may well mean that the generation that killed its children will in turn be killed by its own children.
And to help you out, I offer a couple of sources for supplies, including the chair. Of course, check out your local restaurant supply stores for used chairs. I doubt they will be $2. like in the olden days of my youth, but I suspect they will be eminently affordable.
Here's my grandson helping me dry the stencilled ink...HINT (from my mistake...) ...use StazOn permanent ink or dry-brushed/dry-pounced acrylic paint!
We are a 3 part being – body, soul & spirit our soul is made up of our mind, emotion and will. (I don’t want to into a doctrinal tussle here – let’s say this is a way of describing it) Actually its our perceptions that tends to focus our will. You’re driving along a road the sunlight is coming through the tree branches. Suddenly you see a dark patch near the side of the road. Your brain will process this as a pot hole you move to miss it. It was actually a stain on the road surface. That’s perception working.
I've had a huge clearout of stuff I just don't use.
In 1829 a Londoner called Samuel Jones became the first to commercially exploit the matches. Like Walker he did not patent the matches or the name by which he marketed them: 'Lucifers'. Many other chemists made and sold their own 'Lucifers' and the name stuck, much to the annoyance of Walker who so disliked the name that he stopped selling his own invention during the 1830s.
Like Tressel, Scarlet was also born three months premature and needed special care. Emilie felt grateful to provide it, especially as the anniversary of Tressel’s death arrived. “When a year came up,” she says, her voice breaking, “we had a baby to hold again.” They had planned to visit Tressel’s grave in Findlay, but instead spent the anniversary with Scarlet in the hospital.
Don't forget to post a comment so we know you added a card! If you upload to an online gallery, please use the tag SCCC24 so that we can all enjoy your cards.
just doesn't feel creative at all ~
With considerable effort, he forced himself to master his emotions. Ahsken Lorovic was a problem to be dealt with at a later date. For right now, he needed to focus on winning the election. Senator Vorlan’s presence was a problem, but he still would win the Senate’s support. In fact, having her here would actually make his ultimate victory even sweeter. It would be much more satisfying to humiliate her to her face than to do it behind her back. And once the throne was his, he could deal with all of his enemies at his leisure.
Her pediatrician had noted that if she still wasn't eating food at her 1-year check-up (that is in two weeks) that she would be referred for services/therapy (because she really should be eating food by then). I'm glad that we won't have to go that route.
Written originally as a parody of the slasher genre by feminist author Rita Mae Brown, but ultimately filmed in all seriousness, The Slumber Party Massacre is the gift that keeps on giving. I don’t really need to say any more than; boobies, drills, blood and phallic imagery. It like the horror fan’s Christmas all wrapped up in a big blood stained bow, with a free pizza delivery thrown in. While as a woman maybe I’d have liked it to have been the fully realised feminist parody it could have been, and it does have its moments, as a horror fan I just love it regardless.
And I used to feel that this was a huge benefit of going to writers’ conferences. That even if I didn’t meet someone there, that the writing community is small, and that by going, I’d be spreading goodwill and building my reputation as an agent. I feel, to a large extent, that Twitter and blogging, etc. do take care of that role, to the point where authors can learn a lot about an agent from their online presence (or lack thereof), and interact directly with them.
Security
A figure woven of the finest air
Summary of the IP
I had to stop in Central Square today to buy stamps. It was peaceful, standing there in line, waiting my turn. Looking down that long lobby, I was struck by how much I used to enjoy the post office growing up. The one in my hometown was a quiet, solemn space that had metal garage door-like shades, which came down over the windows when the clerks closed for the afternoon. I remember wandering around the lobby while my mother handled her errands. I loved peaking through the plastic doors of the post boxes to see how much mail was packed inside, wondering who these people were that didn’t use the mailbox at their own houses. I’d watch those who came toward me, hoping to see someone who could unlock the mystery of the tiny doors.
So now it’s time for our leads to reunite which means Ah Jung gets to repay her loan. She goes to his hotel and waits for him to finish his marriage date but in an effort to eavesdrop, leans into her chair, falls down and spills juice all over herself. Ki Joon recognizes her and instead of letting one of the staff take care of the situation, decides to end his date in order to carry Ah Jung across the hotel and into a room, giving one of Ah Jung’s friends the chance to spot her in his arms. And this is how the lie snowballs.
RIP Wil.
I wonder if people are giving them too much credit because of what Slow’s means to the city in terms of hopes for a turnaround. These guys could’ve opened anywhere else, but they chose to make a go of it in the heart of urban blight. There’s no arguing how commendable that is. But the cynic in me thinks that the lure of incredibly cheap rent made opening it and turning a profit a lot easier. And I wonder if a big portion of the appeal is that it’s sooo different from it’s surroundings. It’s like when an average-looking person surrounded by heinously ugly people starts to look a heckuva lot better. In this case, you have an above average restaurant across the street from this -
*shudder*
Could George Zimmerman be convicted for shooting Trayvon Martin? The following is an objective summary analysis of the facts surrounding the George Zimmerman second-degree murder charge. This initial analysis relies upon information available to the public as of April 16, 2012.
It reminds me of my catch phrase: “95% of families are dysfunctional and the other 5% just think they’re not.” As it applies here, I have a new catch phrase: “95 percent of us are biased and the other 5% just think they’re not.”
FQEVI Blog (fqeviblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
"These guys make it their business to actively seek out infringing content/links/torrents on behalf of their clients, and issue takedown notices: something they claim that, because they specialise in it and because they have considerably automated the seeking-out process, they can be significantly better (and cheaper/more efficient) at than the average content owner.
‘But it’s the middle of the night and she’s got nothing on.’ I grab Frank’s dressing gown and tie the belt around my waist, throwing the other robe over my shoulder.
Overall I think this movie is good, it’s just a shame that the script is too choppy to really focus in on the relationship of Jung and Freud. Honestly the story is almost too big to be contained in one movie and yet I don’t think it could ever sustain more than one. I think this is a case where the history is more interesting to go read than to watch. Still for lovers of Cronenberg, and people who want to delve into the world of Freud and Jung then this is a good beginning.
Her presentation clearly underlined Abraham Lincoln’s point that “It’s not the years in your life that count but the life in your years”. The spectre of so many of us living longer in ill health and disability is an appalling prospect at every level – individual, societal and economic – and tantamount to a total disaster.
he came down from heaven and for our sin he was slain
But that's not all. In 1993, Gonzalez's Rangers played in Arlington Stadium -- which was decidedly a pitcher's park in the early 1990s. In 1996, Gonzalez's Rangers played in the Ballpark in Arlington, which was (and is) one of the best hitters parks in baseball.
That made me wonder about something else though, there are a pair of geese in each of the three ponds here, but only one goose is nesting. Is it that the other geese are slower to nest, or what’s the deal with them? They appear to be mated pairs the way they act, and maybe the pair in the front pond is getting ready to nest, we’ll have to see. I wouldn’t have thought that there would be several weeks differences in the nesting times for the geese, but maybe there is.
The Joie de Vivre has given me the Sun reversed.
“The Empire State Development Corporation is failing in its obligation to assure that affordable housing is built simultaneously with other elements of the project. A stand-alone arena is not acceptable,” said Assemblyman Jim Brennan in a statement. “The excessive size of the project may be adding to delays by creating more financial risks, as well as adverse environmental consequences. ESDC needs to look at a downsizing and a reconfiguration of the entire project to assure that it can proceed.”
'ESCAPE!'
This opens so many more doors for Ryan. He will continue to get all of those services he needs and we will be able to work more with the school district to make sure he is in the right spot. Our goal is a smaller special education classroom and some mainstreaming, possibly with an aid. We also have the option of looking at other schools that help kids with Autism and learning disabilities. It is good to have options.
Characteristics of a successful noodler include 1. the Hulk’s upper body strength; 2. Sponge Bob’s breath control; 3. Robin William’s selective insanity; and 4. a spouse who can maintain a cool façade while hoping she won’t have to raise the children alone.
I keep bringing up The Paper Mill production so much, not only because I got to see it and it was phenomenal, but it drew such praise there had been discussion of transferring it to Broadway for a revival. The cast, many of whom I mentioned earlier, included Phyllis Newman as Stella Deems performing "Who's That Woman?" and Liliane Montevecchi as Solange La Fitte performing "Ah, Paris," — the same parts the actresses played in the 1986 concert version. Unfortunately, for some reason James Goldman nixed the transfer, disliking some changes Paper Mill made. However, Goldman died later in 1998.
If you do not have sales people, how fast can you hire them? How fast can you train them?
In my career as a psychologist, I have talked with hundreds of people previously diagnosed by other professionals with oppositional defiant disorder, attention deficit hyperactive disorder, anxiety disorder and other psychiatric illnesses, and I am struck by 1) how many of those diagnosed are essentially anti-authoritarians; and 2) how those professionals who have diagnosed them are not.
01. Surround Me to Passage D
Just don’t forget to stay safe and do not give your information and your money to any one you don’t feel comfortable!!!! You are the only person making your own final decision and you are fully responsible for any losts, damages, lost payments, lost statments, proves, etc…
If you have not purchase the 3 month kit tutorial (Sept, Oct and Nov) now is the time and you will still get the August kit tutorial for FREE.
I could recommend some to you, but I already had enough trouble getting into places! OK...see the Hall Monitors. Then the rest on the list....and Rev Peyton at Peckerheads at 2:30...
I hear sounds of the night
He leans forward, his gaze locked on mine, and brushes his lips on mine. I sigh and he deepens the kiss.
Jake’s mom signed him up to volunteer at a Special Olympics basketball event in Shrewsbury which he said he walked into“completely blind.” He was assigned to S.T.E.P, a basketball team from Lowell. He told me that they were a new team at the event and their whole fan section was there. He said everyone on the team had family members there chanting their names and cheering for the team.
Society is in danger of becoming fragmented by a preoccupation with homosexual rights, feminism and separate racial identities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has warned. Dr Rowan Williams claimed that identity had become a ‘slippery’ word and that, while much had been achieved for minority groups, it was time to focus on the common good.
If I care about you, and you care about me, that’s everyone covered, everyone loved, and nobody needs maintaining any more. I’m not Gandhi, but I think that’s a pretty good philosophy for life.
And I'm SURE I'm missing some (probably many!) other terms.
upper hand.
7. Tony Lucca (Team Adam) – “Baby One More Time” Hey! Speaking of the Mickey Mouse Club, Adam and Tony take the audience to Metatown on this Britney cover. It had kind of a bluesy feel, almost like if it were covered by Tracy Chapman or the Black Crowes. Tony performed rather well here. He had some good wailing that was on-key and tonally appropriate. He also dialed things back for the verses and amped things up on the build to the chorus, which is evidence of great control. In my opinion, the is the best performance Tony has given since the audition.
Who amongst us never questions their talents? As Artists and Creatives (as well as those who don’t believe they are either)…we are all quite critical of ourselves, our skills, our abilities. One bad day can send us reeling into despair of just how “little” talent we have. Each of us those have a potential image that we aspire to…if we did not, we would not be so critical. Right?!
I think in person conversations can be frustrating. When was the last time you sat around a table with, say, 5 friends and you discussed an issue politely, taking turns, and everyone getting to say everything they want to without interruption? I’m not saying it ISN’T done, but that generally speaking that’s not how it goes down. And sometimes reading someone’s response you get much more of a fuller answer than what they might say out loud to your face.
I’ve been writing frequently about emotional responses to sensory experiences and how this relates to intercutural learning. Recently I came across an online course at Open University about Play, Learning and the Brain and decided to sign up. I love all the free, open-content course options out there these days and although this course focused on early childhood education, there seemed to me to be a relevance for learning in general, particularly experiential learning.
And that wraps up Project Paper for January! Six easy peasy steps. A couple of days left until I will host our link party and you can all share all of your Project Paper work in all it's glory! I am super giddy excited to see all the organized eye candy, it sounds like many of you have been hard at work!
Christan: You said women who miscarry respond differently to this experience. Why do you think it was so deeply painful for you?
YEAST PRESS - 'This is not being used meantime, and until beers are all right, I have advised its disuse. When things are going well, and probably about the month of November when the cold weather is with us, I think it would then be very advisable to have it started up, as it means a big saving of duty free beer, the beer contained in yeast being equal to 1 to 2% and duty free at that, means a large saving per annum if properly pressed at the right time.'"
Have fun and remember to email any pics if you give this a try.
Cobra Beer LTD Krait Prestige
Military Source Calls Incident at Afghanistan Airport an ‘Attempted Attack’
"With the advent of the World Wide Web, there’s so much information out there for us to absorb and so little time to absorb it... that we really need to hit people over the fucking head more forcefully and relentlessly than ever."Most of these "relationship" goobers couldn't sell a nose ring to a barista. As George Tannenbaum brilliantly put it last week...
Each side have their own views
Ignoring problems doesn't make them go away. As long as the books are ensnared by Aspen Mountain Press and the authors and staff are denied their royalty payments, Aspen Mountain Press has become the latest cautionary tale and warning to writers.
An unforgettable moment in my youngest son's life, she is the apple of her parents eye... not every child is that lucky...
You know, just to let him know who is the boss.
It follows on directly from my work as a children’s book illustrator. I was already immersed in the children’s publishing industry and knew that I wanted to write picture book stories. But things just evolved in such a way that I began writing longer, complex stories for slightly older children than I had been illustrating for.
Nothing here is terribly brilliant writing-, directing- or cinematography-wise, the most engaging performances are actually provided by the supporting cast--if this wasn't the case, perhaps I would have felt more for the main characters than I did--and the ending will only work for you if you were able to follow the movie from a grounded world to one of criminal masterminds and super spies. Otherwise, you will probably have something of a sour taste in your mouth as the end credits start to roll, and you will find yourself wondering if anyone knew what point they were trying to make with this movie.
Let only that the trees
But nothing happened to Dizaei, protected as he was by the shield of spurious anti-racism. On another occasion, he drove into the station and parked so carelessly that he blocked the exit of the emergency response vehicles.
Satay may stage served screen a spicy peanut relish engross, or peanut gravy, slivers of onions and cucumbers, and ketupat ( rice cakes ).
every fire needs a little bit of help
Like A Bleach Stain Or Cranberry
CHANGE YOUR ATTITUDES TOWARDS MUSLIMS AND MUSLIM WOMEN!
She doesn't want to do too much promotion because she feels there's a writing elf inside her which goes into a sulk if she talks too much.
Turns out, a guy named Robert Weidmann in Berlin has an excellent collection of Super 8 packaging and promotional material. Robby's Super 8 features hundreds of scans of German movie art, oftentimes bizarre and hilarious. I don't know if Super 8 was especially popular in Germany, or Rob is just a fanatic - either way, it was very entertaining perusing through his collection.
He coaxed out his little girl.
We attended the Mauldin City Council meeting last night, to help a popular local businesswoman try and SAVE her business, which also happens to be an indispensable upstate treasure. Democracy in action! Well, we'll see how it goes.
First things first: I found a blog-friend! Her name is Holly and she lives two doors down from me and she is lovely and you should get out her blog because she's so lovely: Contemplations of my Reverie. Go. Do it now.
Lets' see if we can shed some light (once again) on the decimation of local breweries...
Hour 2 (3pm)
Reduce paper use!
During this month, the Sixers will take on Boston twice, Chicago twice, New York twice and Miami.
I didn’t particularly know this man, but sure didn’t appreciate him coming in telling me this. I knew he worked closely with a particular boat broker and wondered if that broker hadn’t suggested he drop in on me to feel me out. I looked at him very calmly and told him people die all the time in their homes, doesn’t make the value of their home drop by half. I also told him I’d lost my husband – not my mind! At that point he could see I was agitated and left lol!
Imogen: Oh Mummy, I see what you're doing.
So, why Rwanda? Why now? Well, after what essentially works out as 18 years of working my arse off academically in one form or another, I couldn’t put it off any longer…it is time to get a job! But, on the advice of my parents I decided that taking one last trip while I still have the freedom to do so, was absolutely necessary. As my mum is so fond of saying “you’re at work a long time”. Rwanda has always held some fascination for me, I don’t really know why, but writing an assignment on the country just increased this. My dad knows a guy who went on a mountain biking trip there, and he put me in contact with a Rwandese business man. So, as of Thursday I will be spending 3 weeks working with him in his travel agency, and then 3 weeks travelling.
Bass - Sirone
all 22 or more of us
PS 3) The names of politicians are in English because they have nothing to do with Greece.
In many ways large publishers will find it harder to adapt than smaller independent publishers or publishers starting from scratch. Right now, no-one can say what the perfect or effective model required to take on these challenges is, but one innovative way of finding out is by following closely a publishing project being launched on Publishr. Publishr is a blog for essays and discussion on the future of publishing. The publishing project itself is the brainchild of Brett Sandusky, Digital Marketing Manager with Kaplan Publishing.
Finally, some random layouts that I thought I'd share. Why? Well, because they were fun to create and I need to just make something fun without boundaries sometimes. This first one was a bunch of random extra pieces and fun punches.
Walk into any cellular phone store or big box electronics retailer and you can get a brand new cell phone in pristine condition, ready to go, from one of the major carriers. Just try and walk out with that phone before signing your life away for two years and listen to the security alarms go off. Aside from pay as you go cell phone plans, you need to make a major commitment to get a cell phone that will work on one of the big wireless networks. Is there any way to make a better deal?
I had two Lawnmowers and an Amber. By the time the final call came, I was too full from lunch and beer to use my last token. Next time I'll be more diligent. Click the above pic to go to Flickr for more photos, if you're into that sort of thing.
The conversation was mystifying, which is standard fare with this child, though I’d like to think if my brain was not mush from weeks of sitting around with my leg up I would have caught on sooner. For the next few minutes, Christian alternated between chortling and typing furiously, with a few “YES’s” thrown in.
Now I have not been able to email the details yet as I can't find the receipt!!!!!! I am furious! It is in that study somewhere. I have looked where I can, but there is just so much junk in there, it will take days to find it. Anyway I won't give up. I will start on that room tomorrow afternoon and try and find that receipt. So that is my Karma. If I was organised, I would not have piles and piles of paper in many spots in that room and I would be able to find that receipt!!!!!
Not too far from its star, not too close. So it could contain liquid water. The planet itself is neither too big nor too small for the proper surface, gravity and atmosphere.
The last thing to develop physiologically in a child/teen/young adult is the frontal lobe. That part of the brain is the cognitive thinking part and determines with critical thinking and reasons that a+b=c. A being action, b being reaction, c being consequence. Until that development, there is no a+b=c. There is simply experience (don’t touch the hot stove) and influence (peers and media).
Now, I find myself realizing that in fact I was an idiot a few years ago and the correct answer is OF COURSE STUPID.
When Peach was diagnosed, I was encouraged to reach out to these people, and I didn't (still haven't) because I knew, even in the first confused moments of this nightmare, that Peach's journey would have a different outcome. And I felt incredibly guilty about that. I thought it was too soon for these people to be supporting anyone but their own families and how selfish it would be to drag them back into this world when they've barely begun to crawl out of it themselves.
23 - treniers - poon tang
Under the cover of darkness, my husband and I took our legless couch and made the switch! We were so pleased with ourselves as we brought our new find home. We placed the couch next to our card table and two metal chairs we called the dining table.
So, it might be framed this way: beyond the apartment, Goldstein's getting a $1 million-plus in exchange for activism--with impact much beyond Atlantic Yards--over six years that was barely compensated, plus "punitive damages" for "pain and suffering."
I want you to write a fanfic about Seddie using only your imagination, the iCarly videos from iCarly.com and the iCarly segments from the show.
This would take years to blossom fully, but as a practical matter, at least, it remains key. In essence, this is where the fandom that would eventually bring the show back came from. And it’s a very different sort of fandom - one that is more willing to slay sacred cows, one where mockery of the program is a form of love for it, and one where the show was consistently taken in a larger social context instead of as an end in itself.
I use a cheaper, non-sable brush called "Masters Gold." Go figure! It is around 6 to 8 dollars and is the best for its price. I also use a pen... but the dip pen I use is from Japan and all the info on the packaging is in Japanese, so I have no clue what they're called! It says G-Pen on it and that's all I know. But they are phenomenal! They are only available in one or two art stores in Manhattan, so I have a feeling they are hard to come by.
it benefits our interactions with our family and friends
Yeah I got somethin' to say:
with your heart and soul.
“I have made the heavens and the earth, I have ordered the mountains, I have created all that is above them, I have made the water, I have made to come into being the great and wide sea, I have made the ‘Bull of his mother,’ from whom spring the delights of love. I have made the heavens, I have stretched out the two horizons like a curtain, and I have placed the soul of the gods within them. I am he who, if he openeth his eyes, doth make the light, and, if he closeth them, darkness cometh into being. At his command the Nile riseth, and the gods know not his name. I have made the hours, I have created the days, I bring forward the festivals of the year, I create the Nile-flood. I make the fire of life, and I provide food in the houses. I am KhepeRA in the morning, I am RA at noon, and I am Tmu at evening.”
However, it was always done a little here, a little there – never all at once. This gave the cabal a false hope that they still had a chance, even as their infrastructure crumbled.
Interesting also are the first two of six covenants in the prison-societies of Christian Endeavor:
He pulled into the driveway. “See, it’s fun isn’t it?” He turned to look at her.“So you think you’re up for a longer ride?”
It is also mom’s birthday and we are going to celebrate with with chocolate sauce on chocolate ice cream, her favorite. A perfect tribute. The right thing to do.
By Hank Pfeifle:
conversing on air and water
Every 5 days or so I get the urge to buy something. Quite frankly this is not good for anyone involved, particularly my bank account. This week I'm justifying it with "My birthday is on Monday.. I must need to buy every piece of Zara's spring collection" attitude. But still. It's a problem. Here are a few random things I want to buy but have no business purchasing:
Bird cages nailed on a wall.
UNISON branches are rightly, in general, both cautious and cynical about this initiative - but then caution and cynicism are both essential requirements on any imaginable person specification for a branch official.
It was amazing.
Still, we walk this way with a limp.
You can catch it like the flu.
Abraham was the Father of the Jewish nation. How did he receive his big promise from God? Was it by keeping the law or something else? In verse 14, if God’s blessings are only for those who keep the law (Jews) what gets negated? Jews (people of the law) are certainly included as heirs of the promises God gave to Abraham, but who else is included (verse 16)? God is the Father of both _______ and __________. In what way was Abraham “the father of many nations”? How would you describe Abraham’s faith? What specifically did he believe in? What did God give Abraham because of his faith?
Instead of cracking down on Islamist extremism, we've excused it.
I wish for those nights that were so great you wished they would never end.
Each note of a scale has a corresponding number from 1 to 7. So for the key of C it will be as follows:
Banks Mansion Amsterdam is an excellent accommodation option. It is located on Herengracht Canal, which is a lovely backdrop for most of the hotel’s rooms. Or for a more quirky, yet charming, accommodation, try Misc eatdrinksleep. It is a small six-room hotel in a modernized 17th-century townhouse overlooking the canal near Nieuwmarkt Square with a private garden in the back. Each room has a king bed and features a different theme for the lovely room décor. Stay at the Hotel Okura Amsterdam if you need to be near the RAI Convention Center. Situated on Amstel Canal, Hotel Okura features a business lounge, conference rooms, four restaurants, two bars, a culinary center (if you’d like a cooking lesson with a professional chef), a fitness center, swimming pool and a parking lot.
I were to rate things that I don’t ever want to experience in life I would have to say that an angiogram ranks right up there with alien abduction and probing. Nothing that I ever wanted to experience, but in hindsight the worst part of it was the IV – from then on it was all downhill and the recovery has been painless. Please, if anyone reading this ever has to have an angiogram, don’t worry, it isn’t bad at all.
And entrust your heart to the winds
01 Movin on Up
So, our school system’s spring break is coming up and I decided to go somewhere. This past winter really did a number on me, and I just need to get out of Dodge. I’ve always wanted to travel across Canada by train, but I don’t have much time in April. Besides, I have a sixteen year old cat that I refuse to put in a kennel and my ex would rather stick a needle in his eye than offer to check on her. So, I decided to go somewhere for three nights. That would introduce me to solo travel. Now, you have to realize that I am also a woman in my mid-fifties, so I’m not looking to meet someone. My mom told me when I was getting a divorce that “I was too old to get a divorce and I’d never find a man.” Um, thanks, Mom. Well, not looking for a man. I just want to get re-acquainted with myself. I think I will be a lot of fun.
Addison’s lips trembled and she couldn’t move, tears welling up in her eyes as she watched what was going on. Her eyes weren’t focused on Darien, they were focused entirely on Christian. She watched him whisper into the woman next to him’s ear, his closeness making the girl giddy and lick her lips in excitement. Instead of igniting anger at the sight of him with another woman, Addison’s jealousy brought her to tears. Her jaw was slightly agape, her bottom lip trembling furiously as her scared eyes opened wide, their surface wavering with forming tears.
Dr Klaus Leist works at The Wiener Library, concentrating on deciphering and translating old documents. He edited As If It Were Life, A WWII Diary from the Theresienstadt Ghetto by Philipp Manes with Ben Barkow.
Simon & Schuster
‘Most people just affirm it’s not possible. You at least allow room for the possibility.’
Situation 4: Girl meets boy. Boy says he likes girl. Girl and boy start dating. Boy and girl break up. Boy starts living with new girl. Boy expects old girl to still be there for him. Girl is single... and stupid for considering it. Boy is stupid.
In the North East of the island, the collection of hamlets that make up Hermigua is scattered the length of a pretty and lush ravine, dominated by banana plantations.
My co-workers comments were momentarily irksome, but, on reflection perfectly reasonable. More than once I have been moved to ask of myself what interests me about this bottle. Do I think that I will perceive in its gently decrepit state the still living remains of great brewing? The brewers that I have come across would be appalled to face a similar scrutiny. Their concern is to bring beer to readiness, then ship it,hoping that diligent publicans will do it justice. Time and oxygen are their enemy.
Heat large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the teaspoon of oil, swirling to coat the base of the pan. Place the portobellos face down, and let cook until they just start to release their liquid, approximately 5 minutes. Add the wine, letting it cook off almost completely. Add a cup or so of water, the vegetable base, carrot, celery, onion, thyme, and a few good shakes of freshly ground pepper. Bring to a boil and then reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, until mushrooms are braised through, approximately 45 minutes to an hour. Remove mushrooms from broth and set aside. Strain broth into a separate saucepan.
It was a fantastic concert. Dodgy personal goings-on aside, George's voice is still magnificent and he puts on a great show. My only wish would've been for a few more dance tunes, but it looks like his next album should give me what I want:
Stinging nettle is also loaded with vitamins and minerals. You just pick off the tops anytime before they get more than a foot tall. We have lots of them growing here. Make sure you were gloves though. Once the nettle is cooked it loses it sting. This I just boil in salt water and use like spinach in quiches or whatever hot dish I make. If I am making soup I just add it in fresh if I have it fresh. I also save the water that I boil it in and use it in tea.
The exhibit also includes a 13 foot chandelier made of 3,000 plaster bones, 50 photographs, dozens of skulls, real and artistic representations, and Japanese pieces of art made from bone.
On medium speed, slowly add the white chocolate ganache. Once combined you can add the eggs, one at a time, beating on low speed until each egg is incorporated. Once you’ve added all the eggs, mix in the vanilla and salt and divide into 2 pans (preferably with a pop out bottom for easier removal!)
And as for Audrey, what blogger has not loved her bath tub settee in "Breakfast At Tiffany's"?
9:00am to 1:00pm
Delray has to offer.
And just for those of you who might not have listened in school when they talked about Big Ben, or are just culturally a dumb-crap like me-- "Big Ben" refers to the bell inside the bell-tower, not the giant clock.
Leo Graham - My Little Sandra
I’ve been thinking about this for a while, and discussing it with friends planning on interning for free as well. We seem to accept that its something we will have to do in order to get a job, but I don’t know whether we’re simply accepting it as a necessary part of this industry; whether we actually wouldn’t like to do it, but we know we have to. Or do we actually think it’s right to not get paid for doing genuine work? I think there are many internships which offer genuine experience, and a chance to shadow and observe someone doing the job that you want. But I see ten times as many with a list longer than your screen, of necessary duties and tasks that as an unpaid workie, you are expected to do. Work Experience? Many are more like a senior role! And yet they still turn away tons of applicants. In fact, many fashion students are so desperate for work experience that to get something, anything, no matter what the salary/expenses are, feels like an achievement! It does seem a bit ridiculous when you’re begging a big company to allow you to work for free, and you still get turned down.
TOTAL - 5 BOOKS - 1,658 PAGES
This evening, after attending a fundraiser for my college professor's daughter's theater group (I heart NY!) I went to a friend's apartment in the financial district (he claims it's called FiDi now, I refute that but am open to debate.) While I love this friend greatly (ladies, he's single! If you want to meet one of the most genuine, hilariously-dorky, engaged and intelligent men in NYC shoot me an email), I do not love the wall street area.
(I just realized I missed one of the ingredients in making them, but loved them anyway! so I will try it next time.)
I spread my wings out and I could feel the wind running through them and then the laundry door slammed closed and dad was looking up at me.
Two days later, I received the appointment letter. G's my hero. We took a bath in wine. Now, it isn't only our teeth that are stained red.
Here we have the lovely squid tentacles on the chopping board and the squid tubes in the bowl. The tentacles will be chopped up and we will use half with the chorizo sausage as filling for the squid tubes, and the rest will be used separately just loose in the stew.
What’s your favorite book / movie / line from a play / cocktail?
Richard M. Caproni, 34, Lynbrook, N.Y.
Yep, still here! Funny how life can pick you up and whisk you off on a tangent from time to time. Last weekend of the School hols here, which involved a visit from my folks, visits from far away friends, lots of catching up, lots of cleaning and re-organising rooms (I can now see the floor in my boys room!) lol.
Now this is a good basic cookbook. It is perfect for beginners but also for seasoned cooks who like to keep a reference book on food on the shelf. What I like about this book is that it explains how to select, store, and prepare everything from herbs to meat. There are recipes included throughout, but this book is more about the food itself and the community which produces it. Stories about the producers and the people involved in bringing the food to the Bi-Rite Market also make the book seem very familiar. This is an amazing book, and I think it is a book everyone should keep on their bookshelf. It will quickly become your most used cookbook, I bet.
Name of blog :URL (if applies)
Not only that, but Missouri schools are being infiltrated by the International Baccalaureate (IB), which is a greater reason to place in the platform a total return of local and state government to our schools--free from the federal government and the United Nations, which runs the IB. I have already shared with you earlier in this article the values of the IB, but I will add a few more like their endorsement of the Earth Charter.
Having conducted the pregame sequence and brought the advanced orc elements onto the table a few things became clear.
Please note the holy ones receive the kingdom “under all the heavens.” If I could borrow your expression, when talking about the “seat” that the holy ones will sit on, it seems clear to me that it will be “under all the heavens.”
this is quite the tease for me because, we are renting right now. don't get me wrong, i love our apartment. i am in no rush to pick out a house. it's just hard when you rent because you can't paint. and, we dont wanna go buying tons of furniture to make the apartment look like we want when we know it is only short term and when we get a house i am gonna want all new stuff and we will have different needs.
NASA are the elitists of scientists!
Indie/soul duo from Minneapolis, MN.
Group Team Dynamics: Understanding the Overt and Covert Dynamics That Support Effective Work is a Post Graduate course description which gives an idea how detailed a subject Group Dynamics is, and an insight into how much an individual could potential be trained in it (even just at a Post Grad level)
After purchasing the "must haves" the real fun began! Students then purchased the accessories for their mommies!
So, the next day, I plopped myself down at the table at lunch and told the lunch bunch the “Vickie story.” When they finished laughing hysterically at me, one of my friends (I shall call her Sharon), had the nerve to ask me, after she wiped the laughing tears from her eyes. “So, are you going to write to the real Ale-Alejandro?” And my answer, in a school building, in a professional teacher voice, was, “Are you F*cking kidding me?????” And they all cracked up again.
Just don't do it. And you will add hours of added peace to your life.
I was 19 when Joey was born. He was the first baby in our family in a long time, and he was instantly adored by everyone. Visiting him in the hospital, he was the biggest baby in the nursery, well over 10lbs, and swaddled up tight, looking like a six month old next to all these teeny tiny newborns. He was chubby and cute and had something special about him already, drawing the attention of every visitor looking in the nursery window.
“If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.”
@Sara: 27 hours?! Where do I sign for the C-section ;-)
Notice that you hear nothing about a house or a sign? But of course when we want to look at Krsna’s horoscope we want to know what his rising sign was and so forth – that is fine – but that’s not how the ancient Indian Astrologers looked at it.
Acne- Men go through puberty, sprout hair in weird places, and develop a deeper voice. Some, may have a brief phase of a year or 2, where their skin is trying to figure out what the hell is happening. Awesome, congratulations men. Women, nope, we get to break out like we are 15 years old again, every month. Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Strength: 90/100
for drinks and a rest
I am very excited to be joining the lovely people at Art Is You for the 2011 retreat. I know, it's kind of crazy to be thinking about 2011 when 2010 is barely half over; but that's the way of retreats, they schedule a year out, so the proposals all have to go out early.
While efficiency can be applied with some degree of precision, equity or economic equality is another matter. Many believe that equity means an equal distribution of income or wealth. Fairness could therefore imply addressing the issue of poverty. The idea of economic justice and to what extent government should subsidize the poor through economic assistance continues to be a topic of discussion among political leaders.
The bathroom went silent. That scared me more than the screaming had. I ran toward the den where I keep a flashlight. Grabbing the portable lamp, I ran for the back door without bothering to stop for slippers or a robe.
Men keep their issues to themselves. Love is like a religion to them especially when they are blinded by it. Men might take time to fall nose deep in love but when they do, they treat it like its divine. If a guy truly loves a woman, he never discusses the intricacies of the relationship with another soul. During a hard time, he controls his boiling rage by drinking it down instead of running around sharing his stories. He slowly finds the solution to patch up things while his woman with her designed plans and strategies, kills his love slowly but steadily. If a man actually wants to tell his close friends that his heart is broken, he simply approaches his gang and says ‘I am broken’. The next thing he knows is his friends dragging him to a bar and together getting sloshed. Now even if he actually shared the problem during his drunken yapping, none of his friends will remember it the next day anyway.
Gender:
It's almost like peanut butter was created just for this purpose. It's better than whipped cream, better than chocolate syrup, or any kind of fruit flavored ice cream topping, or any other such condiment. In fact, if used in just the right amounts, and of sufficiently high quality, it is more in keeping with the overall flavor and texture of the normal female bodily fluids which I assure you shall be produced in abundance, and yet the peanut butter will augment and compliment the flavor, even to the majority of those who are naturally squeamish about such activities as this. Such is not the case, alas, with the other more commonly used substances I have mentioned.
You can't get creative, unless there are constraints.
10. Does the idea of getting the wrinkles that come with the maturing process bother you?
About 180 women recruited to date for study
There are very few characters in TGoV — fewer than 20, I guess, all told — and the opening sentence of Anne Barton's Introduction to the play in the Riverside Edition goes thus:
(shall I tell)
I’ve got this one life
Rock Da Pasta also offers all-natural root beer, lemonade and iced teas, fine wines and gluten-free beers along with a wide variety of beverages. Chef Ocote makes every dish to order and everyone at Rock Da Pasta is really friendly. Judy has been our server every time we go there. She is sweet, funny and you can see how happy it makes her to make you happy. She encourages substitutions! Judy is a real rock star and she treats you like one too!
14. Wake up (2:11)
Here’s an article from Denise Le Fay that talks about the new energy that we are now moving into.
Copyright 2012 MisfitWisdom RLV
on a pack of twelve notecards too!
Method: Roast the onions in very hot ashes or grilled. Remove the outer burnt skins. Make the ghee very hot and fry the dried red chillies in it till crisp. Combine the roasted onions, fried red chillies, salt, coconut scrapings, and tamarind and grind it to a rough paste. This chutney is excellent with dosais, idlis, vegetable pilav, etc. Enjoy!
Lott is between Temple and Waco, which means it's about 45 minutes from civilization as I know it. The daily forecast is: windy, or sometimes plum blow-you-over gusty. The soil here grows some ginormous trees, and if you know anything about me at all, you know I have a ginormous affinity for thick-trunked behemoths--the ones that provide lots of shade, I'm sayin' (for all you gutter-brains).
Fact #11: Sara Lomas takes her sugar black.
Stored within the Earth’s emotional body, stored within the lower fourth dimension, and stored within our unconsciousness, are all the lesser thoughts ever thought by humanity. All of this lesser energy must be released and cleared for the shift in consciousness to take place.
I've learned who I am, what I'm capable of, and what my limitations are. I always strive to make the best use of my capabilities, and to grow beyond my limitations.
So, be dangerous! Our God enables you to be dangerous to the Enemy. He rescued you so you could do just that. Today you leave boot camp. Today you join the war. Today you make your declaration to the Enemy: You will stand. You will stand with the weapon your commanding officer has provided.
Short of the Greeks buckling, however, it looks as if the Eurogroup will have run out of options and be forced on Monday to approve – in principal – the bailout deal. Merkel and her northern allies have until then to engineer still more excuses for the Greeks to drop out.
I guess I just feel like if my grandmother doesn’t know, I don’t want other people in my life to know before her. I feel funny about people who I’m close to and who know all the details spreading them around. I feel funny knowing that other people are talking about me and my situation while I’m not around and gossiping about it. And I feel funny when opinions get back to me about the subject. I know how my sister’s boyfriend feels about it. I didn’t tell him, yet he knows all about my story. And I don’t know what he heard because I wasn’t there, hadn’t given permission, and I have a funny feeling that he probably wasn’t given the entire story. He’s just one example. There are several others that are more disturbing to me.
Warm up the milk to body temperature. Add the butter and sugar and dissolve in the milk. Add one egg at a time and whisk. Now mix the dry ingredients: flour, salt and yeast. Pour in the warm milk mix and combine all the ingredients. Cover with a cloth or cling film and leave to prove for about an hour in a warm place.
Among the ingredients I used on this card, the pin with the pearls, rhinestones, and charm are from a RAK (Random Act of Kindness) I received from a sweet friend, Sabrina Jackson!!! Sabrina is on the Our Daily Bread Designs' Design Team. She was going to send me a couple of pins and beads to show me how she does hers...they are gorgeous...I ended up with a whole box of goodies!!! I'm going to show you all the things she sent me in a separate post, as soon as I can get a pretty picture of them all together!
William Beadle – The Real Jack the Ripper
unbearable for people of various ethnic groups as a way to deter
1. The bride forgot to tell the groom they were getting married
Merry Christmas to you all, I hope you're enjoying this beautiful holiday. Last night we all sat on the couch and watched Rudolph The Red Nose Reindeer. My kids had their Rudolph and Clarice hats on. They looked so cute. It's amazing how this movie no matter how old, doesn't get old.
Most late-night writings staffs still employ no or very few women (and Lynn Harris’ January Slate piece is a must-read dissection of that situation). “The Daily Show” recently hired two women for its writing staff, but as Melissa Silverstein pointed out on the Women and Hollywood blog, now the percentage of writers at that show is 11.7 percent, as opposed to zero.
Automating routine explanations gives us the opportunity to make our classrooms more participatory, more experimental, more human. It would be a real shame if instead they became more dull.
All is good in the hood.
Batman
to the clouds
21. People = Shit
Its Pokedex entries say it moves so fast that it’s hard to see, and becomes invisible, probably due to it being the Ninja Pokemon. Despite May’s Pokedex entry in the anime, Ninjask doesn’t have increase evasion (although it does learn Double Team by level-up), and it can be hit by most attacks.
Freedom and constitutionalism don't disappear overnight. They are eroded by the rhetoric of intolerance, by ignorance and by apathy. Let us, as citizens, not be apathetic and speak up for the nation's founding document.
Our Broker and his family hosted a wonderful brunch at his home for all of us this morning. We gathered in their beautiful home and prayed together, sang a Christmas carol around the long table and enjoyed the most fabulous food! As we hugged one another before leaving, my heart swelled with emotion. This is one of the most enjoyable parts of Christmas - the time spent with friends, pausing to be with one another, fully focused on the joy to be found in the friendship. Each of us was given a beautiful LED ornament to take home for our tree - it constantly changes color - just so cute!!!
Sunday January 31st
She takes you down to the river
Britain currently has about 3,500 wind turbines, but there are plans to increase this to 10,000 onshore machines and 4,300 offshore by 2020.
Rural/Metro-Pridemark Ambulance provides emergency and non-emergency ambulance services in Colorado. Rural/Metro also provides non-emergency medical transportation services to several Denver Metro area hospitals and healthcare providers. The workforce of over 400 highly trained EMTs, paramedics, RNs, dispatchers, fleet mechanics, vehicle supply technicians, and administrative personnel value their communities as much as their patients. The company is committed to a positive patient experience and strong community partnerships.
the floor beside the dresser in my parents' bedroom.
YAYA TOURE (Manchester City) : The big man from Ivory Coast has been very impressive in his second season at the Etihad Stadium. He’s the perfect definition of a box-to-box midfielder. He can play anywhere across the midfield and has chipped in with a few goals and assists too. He’s skill and strength on the ball has been a joy to watch all season.
As an aside: this is my current metaphor for a good story — characters butting heads with each other and spinning off in new directions. Too many authors today have their characters butting heads, moving straight back and butting heads again. If the characters don’t ricochet off into a different direction each time, you have characters that don’t change and hence you have a static story.
A wealthy man takes revenge on his wife and her lover on her birthday. Clocking in at a mere twelve minutes, with only the slightest pretense of a plot and a poster prominently on display endorsing another of the director’s own films, this one-liner can’t have amused festival organizers. (7/10)
Series: The Agency, Book 3
He also took a jibe at Singaporeans asking them to ‘farm’ in North Korea if they can’t compete with foreigners:
This whole week has been a whirlwind full of things, things, and more things. On the writing front, I'm closing in on 23,000 words of my new novel (which fills me with SUCH glee), but...this post is about dancing! And on Tuesday night we had what was our best, most amazing, most energetic tribal expo yet! If you're friends with me on facebook (WHAT? You're not? :( Friend me?) you've probably seen the pictures I posted.
The first thing different Bears' fans used to the Atlantic League will notice about the Can/Am League are the new Bears' start times. Thursday's Opening Day game starts at 11:00am. Some weekday games will start at 5:35pm. And some will start at the more traditional 7:05pm time.
So when it comes down to it...conference was pretty good. A lot of the people were really awesome, and really gorgeous, and I wish I had been in a better mood to enjoy their company. We put together a few supercool parties and dances that were totally worth all the effort, and arranged way more workshops than I want to think about.
How can I communicate the material more successfully?
I came right home, wrapped & stared at them
A selection I loved was the capture of Oregon running back LaMichael James in the second round. Not much was said about this kid going into the draft process, even though he had a massive year in college. The signing of James now means the 49ers can call upon either Gore, Bradshaw or LaMichael to improve that offense that struggled a little bit in 2011/12.
Mystery timber concession
Unfortunately, in my experience, people are much more likely to come up with negative reasons. So if you want them to have a more positive impression, give them the information so they don’t make up their own versions. Also, someone in that room is probably paying for you to be there. The last thing you want is for them to think you aren’t doing any work. And, if you can’t come up with anything to say, then it’s probably time to look over your research habits and figure out what’s actually going on.
I was in the shop working when I heard a strange sound out on the patio that I thought was a loud cat. I walk out the side door and what do I see but a little kid who saw me and ran up the sidewalk and into the bushes behind the little garage. We have new neighbors and that must have been their kid. I thought it was funny and walked into the house. When I came out later and walked towards the shop I could hear a little boy crying hysterically so I figured his parents punished him for going over into the neighbors yard. But as I got closer to the little garage I could see he was in there throwing a tantrum. So I walked towards him and asked if he was ok. But I must have scared him even more so he crawled under a table in the back. I walked in and tried to convince him it was ok but he wouldn't stop crying and screaming. Just when I was wondering what I was going to do his dad came over and got his son out. He apologized and said it was a weird way to meet his new neighbors. He knew about our Halloween setup and I told him he has years to get his son used to us.
Local man Ken Wilkinson repeated this nonsense on the Stephen Nolan radio show a few days later.
I am getting the word ‘turmoil’. So if you feel like you or your life or a relationship has been in ‘turmoil’, or if you find yourself thinking that when things appear hard or unjust, or that the world seems to be in turmoil, please try to stop your thoughts in their tracks and turn them around. Remember, we are now in an accelerated phase in time where our thoughts manifest into reality much more rapidly. Your wings may feel heavy, teared or burdened but they are preparing to heal and fly again. And earth is cleansing and healing.
A Sikh of the Guru must never cut or trim his hair. Comb the hair twice….consider the hair seal of the Guru. (Rehatnama Bhai Chaupa Singh)
and that's that.
Life is the bubbles
Still, there's just no getting around the fact that I found long stretches of Habibi downright unpleasant, and there are parts that are nearly impossible to fathom, such as the mad man who clings to a sunny disposition on life, which would be fine were he not convinced that the objects he pulls out of a sewage-choked river are treasures.
Getting closer to Hashem means becoming a more divine-like individual, just like getting closer to another person means developing communication and similarity. The way to come closer to Hashem is through keeping the mitzvot, emulating Hashem’s middot, and attaching oneself to people who are already on the path to greatness.
Today I chopped some parsley to a french required level purely for presentation, chives – same, dill – same. Visual represented green triffles to bolster over boiled potatoes, carrots and sprouts. No flavour consideration.
Carrying all gates
“You’ll see,” she said primly, turning a corner and shouldering her way through a glass door.
The figure on the bank made a sharp, downward gesture with its hands and jogged off towards the car.
Now Jessy can't just give them to me in a sack..... instead she sews up this darling little package with this lovely vintage Dutch girl to keep them in. Soooo sweet!
Still, special conditions, such as adjacent residential neighborhoods, school zones and parks, should also be considered, the study said.
It’s all about the friendly customer service, right? I must admit that late in my shift, I’m not so much feeling that. Nevertheless, when a couple of women approached my desk this evening, I looked up and pasted on a helpful smile. “Did you need something?”
5) Find out what sort of feelings are motivating your staff. Tap into the positive emotions that can provide internal motivation to excel.
Hi there! I am Misty Willis…mommyof5kidz on most boards. I live in New Caney, TX with my husband of 15 years (16 in April!!), my 5 kids, and a very spoiled mastiff that thinks he is a kid. While I have several hobbies, my passion is scrapbooking.
Can’t do that until it knows where it is, where it should be going and what it must do to get there. And the rest of us could use better data and benchmarks too.
I try. That is all I can ask of myself and the only reason my self doubt doesn't evolve into self loathing.
The terracotta warriors in Xian was discovered in 1974 by a farmer, digging a well on his land. The site was opened to visitors in 1976 and declared a UNESCO world cultural heritage site in 1987. Current estimates are that the three pits contain about 8,000 soldiers, 130 chariots with 520 horses and 150 cavalry horses.
It’s anaphylactic,
And the Red Cross.
But I love Jen's inane post anyway, not because I believe it's all that sincere, but because it's yet another example of the battle within the GOP: Neocons and "paleoconservatives" on one side, and nutball religious fundamentalists on the other. It's my favorite spectator sport.
But nice to see some national level kudos coming to the White River system, which is probably the best known, untapped fly fishing destination in the lower 48. Sure we all know how good the White is year around, but the message hasn’t reached out very far.
(photos taken a few nights ago of the super moon)
Please check out the Karen's Doodles US challenge blog for a fabulous sketch you can combine with this Stamp Something challenge! How's that for a 2 for 1!!!!
sewing with my NEW baby...
Yeah, that's a lot of jobs! :-) I'm working pretty hard, and sometimes it gets complicated. But we're all having a good time! No venom here. And I'm doing my best to spread the word: Teenagers are fun!
As I write this post, I feel a bit torn about how I should actually title it. I could say it was the first anniversary of the earthquake. I could say it was the first anniversary of the tsunami. I could say it was the first anniversary of the nuclear reactor meltdowns. I could be more specific with area in the title and say Tohoku region, Miyagi Prefecture, or Ishinomaki, where physical devastation and loss of life was the worst. But to choose any single one of these words seems far too limited in scope to describe the magnitude of the event, the gravity of a triple-wave disaster that tested not only one part of Nippon but the collective mind and spirit of the nation.
Also, I feel I should mention that Psychopaint is ADDICTIVE. Put aside a hefty chunk of time because it’s pretty empowering and exhilarating to feel like you are on your way to becoming the next big thang in the art world. At least that’s how I feel…
Total pregnancy weight gain: 38 pounds. I was shooting for 30 max, but hey, some nights I couldn't shove Monster Mix in my mouth fast enough. (For those of you who don't know what MM is, you're lucky! And better for it!)
Vintage Couture is giving away one Rose Jungle 2-Piece Set to o ne of my readers!
Are you still running? Do you look in the mirror and wonder how you reached this point in your life? Are you pretending you are fine, when really you’re just dying inside? Are you looking for a solution to the dead end you’ve found yourself in?
We are the only solution.
Brazil’s central bank fired the next shot in what is shaping up to be an international currency war with a sharper-than-expected interest rate cut late Wednesday that pushed down the value of its currency, the real.
They got to sit on the table to open their presents, and they loved everything that they got. We got all kinds of goodies, and they spent the night at their Aunt Jojo's house. That was a request made by Addison the week before. They got to feel special for a little longer.
“Well that’s not exactly true now is it…” insists Moskk who is actually smiling a bit now, as his eyes go from foggy, to silver.
Those plans collapsed due to construction delays and squabbles over contractual terms. By 2004, most of the minor partners to the consortium posted losses or substantially decreased profits.
Total = $10.64
Lisa watched as the two men took off in their bright red jeep. She smiled and waved till the jeep was just a blur on the sun-kissed horizon.
“And I love you too!” He said, “But, this is wrong…between us…you know…?”
The question facing UNISON members south of Hadrian's Wall is whether we shall be any part of the fight that still needs to be had.
‘In reality, Assad is the Western agent in the Iranian and Russian back yard. He is well protected by both Mossad and MI6. He and his father have kept stability along the Syrian and Israeli border since the last war in 1973'. Its still all about Israel. Libya’s Gaddafi went down without hesitation from NATO because in reality, there was no connection between him and Israel and Libya has a lot of oil. It made more sense to attack him than it is now with Syria. The only problem the super powers face is who might step in power after Assad. The problem with Syria is that Turkey is ready to attack and Saudi Arabia are too and if the revolution in Syria is a success, then the next ones in power would be sunnis and the west doesnt want that at all. Iran is concerned about losing Syria as a major ally and do not want to see sunnis being in power because Iran would lose a great ally to them.
As a little girl I felt ostracized at times from all the other children in our school mainly because of my mother’s undesirable reputation but also for the fact that we were poor. I didn’t understand why people looked down on us when I tried so desperately to be accepted by the other children. Even some teachers treated me as "white trash." Now, years later, I have seen the same thing repeat itself over and over and over. As a teen I observed the "white" folks looking down on the "colored" folks as they searched for the bathrooms labeled "Colored" and "Whites." We were told to not use the water fountains marked "blacks" and in my heart I struggled feeling guilty for loving them. I just didn’t know any different. There was much confusion! God has not allowed me to forget those days of hurt because He wants it to be placed as a bridge from my heart to others. It helps me to love more and to make peace, if you will. There must always be a peacemaker. Are you a peacemaker or are you the opposite?
To celebrate this day check special promotions or sales at supermarkets in honor of National Orange Juice Day. Individuals who want to celebrate the occasion can try their hand at making some freshly squeezed orange juice (or simply buy some from the store) and then share it with coworkers or family members.
I thought she’s about as much my relative as the garden squash, and has the same linguistic capabilities.
One of the hardest things to understand as a Christ-follower is that God loves us, and yet he wants us to fear him. In our minds love and fear don’t go together, but the Bible is very clear that an essential component of our personal relationship with God is fear (Deut. 10:12).
*A Riot squad guard gives Pendragon a file. Pendragon begins to read it.*
Gung Fu has freed me. Finally.
garnishing:
Disc 3:
There was no possibility of pointing out the bright side. We all burst into that painful, horrified nervous laughter, and my mother quickly closed the box.
I did not expect her to do detailed research into whether Kannada’s Bhukailasa came first or Telugu’s Bhukailas came first. Or to investigate whether Gopikrishna’s dance was reshot or just inserted.
The best thing was that I discovered a new place in this state to love. (I'm proudly collecting those places like marbles in a jar since my heart expanded to fit Arizona about a year and a half ago.) True, I regretted we were not back hiking South Mountain at first, but then on the gentle winding trails in Usery Mountain Park, I found the true beauty of the Sonoran Desert with all its plant life diversity, and I knew South Mountain couldn't rival it. And I found a couple of famous individuals that I really associate with the West. Actually make that three....uh, four.
.....it was very difficult to find something
I guess I need you, baby
As I look back, there were warning signs. The special discount that drew us with youthful enthusiasm to technologic monogamy had quietly slipped away. And, there were those inexplicable outages when the technology would leave home for hours at a time.
“GET OUT!”
The planet is located in the habitable zone of its host star, which is a narrow circumstellar region where temperatures are neither too hot nor too cold for liquid water to exist on the planet's surface.
pinch of vinegar
It’s not me. I know that for sure. It can’t be me.
March 12th, Monday: 10:00am - 4:00pm, class fee is $75.00 (journal included)
Eating asparagus... and wondering.
- Next day, cook them until soft
The greatest modern warfare movie is not really about war. It is a strikingly unique and subtly realized version of the effects on a man of being a soldier. Staff Sgt. William James is one of the best assets the U.S. military has, and that status makes him profoundly alone. So all he can do is just keep on truckin’.
It was a hot afternoon and we started at 1.15, maybe not the best time to start a race. I started off at what I thought was a steady pace, but found myself near the front of the field. I checked my Garmin and I was under 10 minute mile pace, but not going daft, so I carried on. Apart from having to slow to sort out my iPod which had stuck on an album instead of shuffling through my running songs, I ran fairly steadily for the first couple of miles. I found it hard to drink and run, perhaps having got used to only drinking on my walk intervals, and drinking was very necessary in the heat. My stats show that my walk breaks were very short until the last mile when I was starting to get tired.
when danger lurks
CHAPTER TWO
(Getty Images)
Each book comes with a new introduction from Max (aside from Mourn the Living, which includes the intro from the Five Star Press edition) and new covers by some guy named Mills....
By looking at things that way, it's impossible to not see how inextricably everything is linked.
One of my struggling students came up to me with her journal and so proudly said, "Can I read my story to you. I love to read and write." It makes it all worth it when they say things like that to you because you know that you have planted a seed in the child that will always be with them and be the driving force to their success.
A little peace and time to reflect.
nectar or power or love or only heat.
Yet, I cannot help but compile this, my latest list of things that suck when you’re rude because I find the things on my list troubling. My thing is that I feel that some have become communication lazy. There is a difference between condensing parts of your life; for instance, getting rid of your home phone and using your cell as an all-in-one day planner, phone, alarm and etc. But, I don’t think that all communication should be reduced to only a phone call, email or text message. People don’t send cards much anymore as a way to connect with loved ones, which I think is a big mistake. Read about that here! I am sincerely sad about the state of affairs surrounding old-fashioned hard copy communication. I can see it, touch it, hold it reread it and blog about it whan I show others.
The bottom line is that penis is a really funny word.
Front panniers
It's funny how things work out.
If you love cauliflower, this curry is for you. If you love carrot, this curry is for you. Cauliflower and carrot combo lovers like me will love this subji. Haters will still find it interesting, so it is a must-try recipe for everyone.
It may be a no brainer, but I always waited until my cookies were more of a tan--but once they cooled the tan turned to rocks. So, they should look almost done when you pull them out. They should still be white if you want soft cookies.
1 writhing
If you are the ‘artsy’ type, you shall enjoy this exhibition and if you’re not, you shall enjoy trying them on and taking pictures(like i did), they are truly works of art. Infact i think that during the next world cup, some of his stunners should be mass produced as fan regalia.
Click photo for larger picture.
How can I bring myself to eat dinner after that?
My cloths have been feeling too large on me and I have had to catch the waistband of my pj pants more than a few times in the past week. If I hadn't then all the people in the neighborhood would have gotten a full view of my shame. I guess the rounder parts of me just shifted to other parts of me and invited a few more of their fat cell buddies to the party.
$97615
Here is my Japanese Lace 3 row. What a pretty weave. I bought it with my Dad in mind. He had a car back in the days before me that was yellow with a black stripe. I'm a terrible daughter and can never remember what it was...but, it was a muscle car and all the stories I ever hear about it are filled with love. Anyway, I made it for him but, knowing that he would never wear it. He's too tough for pretty jewelry! lol So, it's my Mom's now. I will probably make her a pair of earrings to match. Sorry about the poor pictures. I was at home when I did them and the good camera was in Camp and the people they are for are at home.
the rejected.
7. Lapis French Ring Flat Sheet by Serena & LilyThe Lapis French Ring flat sheet by Serena & Lily displays small graphic rings upon a crisp white palette, creating visual texture on a fabric that is only soft to the touch. This charming flat sheet perfectly complements the colors in the medallion print of Serena & Lily's Madeira duvet, while a Lapis blue sateen band adorns the edge of the entire collection. This sheet set is woven at a premier Italian mill from the finest 300-thread-count 100% cotton sateen.
However, Hulk Hogan, The Rock and his favorit ..John Cenna really seem to be NORMAL and appropriate FOR ALL AGES so if they will be apart of the act then maybe so! Geesh I get tired of even thinking like “the mom and dad” for real!
I wish I was a better blogger. That way, I would have all these pictures of my boot girls coming in the shop to show me how great their boots have lasted. During the summer, we have this mother and daughter that visit every year and are as sweet as can be. I painted a pair of boots and some jeans for her years ago (we weren't even Rowdy Maui at that time!) and she comes in each summer and lets us know her daughter is still rockin' those boots. Her daughter does alot of rodeo events, so you know those boots have been through alot! I swear this summer I will finally ask her to send me a picture. Pinky promise!!!
Lots of paper piecing, patterned papers, and dry embossing were used in the making of this card. This is the retro one...do you agree? If not, what style would you call it because it was really hard to pin one down! Since I've used striped paper, I'm linking this to the Crafty Hazelnut's Christmas Challenge: Stripes. Since I used a few punches, I'd like to enter this card into this week's Christmas Card Challenges: Punches Challenge.
You’re wondering if it is really worth it though. Absolutely! You can get people to check in sporadically for sales, coupon codes, new releases etc… but if you give people something they feel they are a part of they will check back far more regularly just to see what is happening with it. You’ll get your visitors not only engaging with you, but with your other visitors as well. This helps foster positive feelings about your brand and that is something you can’t buy.
In inches, in miles, in laughter, in strife.
"There were more dances, and there were forfeits and more dances, and there was cake, and there was negus and there was a great piece of Cold Roast, and there was a great piece of Cold Boiled, and there were mince pies and plenty of beer."
Once you are travelling to a few extra dollars up front. Qantas's standard fares include 23-kg of checked baggage allowance, it might be jumping the airline tickets student discount sydney how soon you're calling for a practical advantage, then you have saved a lot, you would certainly forget those burdens of extra expenditure and would have to carry and it doesn't draw attention to what's inside.
Avoidant The behavior of avoidant types can often be difficult to predict. Deep down they do crave intimacy, but they often think this connection will rob them of their prized independence. People in this category may feel uncomfortable or suffocated if they sense love interests getting too close. Often this leads them to pull away.
Even if you’re so tired and busy that 500 words of mediocrity a week is all you can manage, DO IT, for the love of God, just do it. Make time; make the habit. The habit and the discipline is what will make everything happen. That’s why I am here, in a cotton-headed fog, whimpering to myself about how if only I could have some more coffee and a week a alone in a mountain cabin, writing would be easy, and maybe I’d knock off 40,000 beautiful words all at once. As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t and I couldn’t, because I haven’t earned that kind of skill yet. First comes the writing in untoward circumstances, writing anything at all, so long as it gets words on a page, and is intended to be well-sounding and coherent, to have thematic consistency, to do all those things that writing is supposed to do.
We are the reason, why there is an election, they, the candidates are not the star. We are the principal characters here. Let’s take this privilege, use this right and exercise our duty.
Stamps: PTI - Fillable Frames #11; Stampin' Up! - Heart from Mon Ami set, Newsprint Alphabet; DeNami - Three Line Border
And then the reality of adult services became evident and I began to see how much my life is going to change. I started to re-think all that eagerness.
It is strange how all, or most of the ANC dignitaries had their schooling in SA under the "bad old Bantu education system", yet they all have obtained degrees at reputable Universities:
When they reached Wellington Street the man was standing waiting in front of them. He then approached the women, grabbed the 21-year-old and indecently assaulted her. Her friend tried to intervene and managed to call for help before the man ran off in the direction of West Regent Street.
For a third disbursement, of $30 million in city funds, things would get more complicated--and potentially challenging.
I had a mini-crisis with one of my manuscripts which was due into production this last week. I won't go into details, but I will say it was 0% the fault of the author, who has done a fantastic job helping me make up for lost time. I also want to say I hope God blames me and not my author for the fact that I made my author work over Passover weekend (I swear, if I had put two and two together when he mentioned a "holiday weekend" I wouldn't have set such a hard deadline!! Sincere apologies to both God and my author about this.).
This free association thinking lead me to myself. My body. . . My body is like the earth. I have seas of water, soil growing new tissue, an atmosphere that renews and cleanses itself, my cells perform a form of photosynthesis, and I have seasons. Last spring, the time of the heart, I was sad. Lonely. I longed for more human connections. I felt the need and urges to ground myself after a long, intense winter of the mind. As I moved into summer I essentially shut my mind off and lived fully in my body. I ran and played and drank lots of beer and sang and laughed, behaved like an animal doing just whatever I felt like, grazing as I wished, storing up vitamin D in my skin, muscles on my bones, joy in my heart, and fat in my brain (as I didn't call on it to work much). As the fall approached I felt the shift. The dog days of summer were over. The time of the club and foot had ended. The leaves are now falling in spades and I am feeling a wealth of abundance from my harvest. I feel sharp. and ready to dig deeper.
It would be good to know as I've been delving into Nash's life and work this year in preparation for a new book, 'Paul Nash in Pictures: Landscape and Dream', which will be published by the Mainstone Press in the autumn. As with the 'Ravilious in Pictures' series, the new book focuses on a selection of twenty-two paintings, each accompanied by a concise essay; we've decided to dedicate the first volume to Nash's oil paintings, which he used to express the ideas that pre-occupied him most. A second volume will focus on his gorgeous watercolours, which were admired greatly during his lifetime but which are now rarely seen in public.
A big improvement in the consistency that Szczesny speaks of, would come through fitness being retained through the season. How Arsène would love Jack Wilshere to be fit now, easing the absence of Mikel Arteta and Theo Walcott. A squad player such as Denilson would be a decent addition. The Brazilian would be a good fit into the side now in these circumstances. This season’s fluctuating form has not just been down to injuries, the mishandled transfer window was a lesson that the club has learned from hopefully. However, the injuries do not help sustain form or improve it where needed. With a plateau coming in the top six teams – many of a similar level whilst Newcastle showing teams can break into the European placings – it is vital that Arsenal stay ahead of their competitors whilst bridging the gap to the top two.
*Organic Jonagold and Braeburn apples are also on sale for .99/lb. at Newflower
Maybe he’ll write a book about it and pay for his own college. If he can stay awake.
Without going into gritty details, suffice it to say that my husband laid out onto me some basic knowledge that actually hit me where it made sense, and that I took to heart since the words escaped (angrily, might I add) from his lips.
The second is a button card with a fabric flower decoration. I used some fabric scraps from my quilting stash and the Tattered Florals die from Tim Holtz to create a little layered flower. This could be used as a decorative element on a card, hanging in a sewing area, on a scrapbook page...no idea yet what I'm really going to do with it yet!
Then think about this: the PLCB says they're not paying for the kiosks, that Simple Brands LP (no link given because they have no website...and isn't that odd for this ostensibly "hi-tech" company?) is making money in other ways: the advertising on the kiosks, for instance, and...hey, wait a minute...how do the wines that get into the kiosks as your only choices get picked? The PLCB says they're picking them, but that would seem to be a problem for "ad revenue." Is this a slotting fee scenario? Because I thought that was illegal for booze. Far as that goes, what's Wegmans get out of it? The lure of the kiosk? Garces Trading Company, anyone?
4. Menomena - Air Aid
Alan Garner: Or rapies.
If you want the sign I used for the bulletin board...here it is!
1 pickaxes
You will truely be missed MCA, but will never be forgotten! The music you created with The Beastie Boys and your impact in HipHop Culture will live on.
This is happening in ALL white countries and ONLY white countries.
Hi everyone! It's time for the Gluten Free Ratio Rally, and this month's theme is the bagel. This is up there with some of the hardest rallies we've done (I find gluten free yeast breads the hardest to make gluten free), so thank you to Morri for hosting this month! Be sure to check her page for all of the posts this month!
Would you believe that we made it through January? Pretty quick, huh?
straight twill
No newspaper has an opinion on which other newspaper is of a poor quality or which journalist is below standard. If a poor story is written by a journalist, even if the Press Ombudsman finds a story to be fundamentally flawed, you will not find the next day a nation-wide set of editorials speaking out against it.
I’ve bounced back, but not much has been going on.
Am I speaking ill of the dead? I suppose I must be, but so much ill was directed at me by poets down the ages; so please allow me some return. Even so, while I welcome no one’s death I do welcome the end of a shabby modern Camelot, a tawdry illusion so much worse in every way than the original; an illusion that served to poison America with the lie of liberalism and the lie of socialism.
I read it to others.
3 rest
There’s real tension here and real questions about the role of the captain. Decker is convinced he should die for making a decision that caused his crew to perish, while Kirk thinks that’s madness. Decker’s madness, however, gives them the idea to defeat the seemingly undefeatable machine.
As Christians we must seek, search and know if the institution we are adhering to is preaching a different gospel. We can only determine whether or not an individual has accepted the Truth into their life by the belief system they adhere to. Just as we can be certain that any institution that does not profess Jesus Christ is the only Truth, the only Way and the only Life is not Christian, we can be certain that the individual in question has not yet found Truth.
March 26, 2009 Special Dispatch No.2298
Tau kan, 6 pcs
I’m growing my beard out some these days, which isn’t too unusual for me given that I try on the beard now and then just to see how gray I’m getting. (I think John Steinbeck wrote that growing a beard is the only thing a man can do better than a woman.)
There is an attempt to track NAMA’s sales on here but absent any detailed reporting from the agency, it seems likely that many sales are going unreported. For example, Northern Ireland property group Beltrae Partners claims to have “originated and advised” on two major NAMA transactions totalling over €100m – the sale of an English nursing home portfolio and London student accommodation – neither of which has been reported.
Please post your comments and your criticisms in the Comment Box. Thanks for the encouragement.
Of course, in my mind I thought, "Oh my god what is about to happen? This is too good to be true...", etc. There is something about dark-haired, slightly scruffy, gentle eyed southeast/central european guys that gets my heart racing. That was one of those moments. Me on my bed, pretending to play with my ipod, them stripping down to nothing but tight underwear. And form-fitting, no imagination necessary, they were indeed. The hotter one had a buzzed haircut, ice blue eyes, about 6 feet tall, nice teeth, and a jawline worthy of the best models.
There are currently three gay marriage private member's bills before Federal Parliament, aimed at changing the legal definition of marriage as a union between a man and a woman.
What I’ve done here is to separate goals into six categories as follows:
“Nice haircut, Madison!”
Bunch of herbs made of 1 small Bay Leaf, 1 small sprig of Thyme, Parsley and Celery
Melt the chocolate and stir it through the half the buttercream, and fold hazelnut paste through the remaining half. (We can’t easily get nut pastes in the UK so I simply doubled the amount of chocolate and used that for everything)
I hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving with your families, and are busy making new Christmas memories.
OK, it's Day 5 of the National Blog Post Month and it's the weekend. I'm really busy with the kids being home, judo practice, parties etc and I'm sure you are busy too, so I'm going to try and keep it brief.
(Above, Marie Louis of BUILD.)
How to Apply: Send a resume and cover letter, discussing why you’re the ideal candidate to be a SLS, to “SpotLightSeattle Editor” at info@spotlightseattle.com.
Here’s the distinction: What follows But is the author’s main point. What follows though is a subordinate point.(a) I would follow you anywhere in the world you’d care to go. But I don’t trust you.
But I think part of that is so that we learn to take joy in the everyday again, something that we have forgotten. If we don’t take joy in what we live, we start to lose that connection, that reverence and awe for the world and the gods.
As for knitting, I’ve done 36 of the 40 rounds of the ribbing on the second Zauberball sock. So I should get to the good bit today, without difficulty. And should be very close to finishing, if I don’t actually do it, at Loch Fyne at the weekend.
The third of four brothers from a Virginia wheelwright family, Jacob Wheeler seemed very similar to his Lakota wife – the type of person that seemed to know his own mind. The miniseries’ first episode, ”Wheel to the Stars” revealed that Jacob’s Virginia family seemed to view him as a non-conformist . . . or oddball. He, in turn, regarded his hometown of Wheelerton, Virginia; his family and its profession with mild contempt. In short, this young Virginian was a fish out of water in 1825 America and he knew it. This would explain Jacob’s longing to see the world beyond his hometown and the eastern United States. He did not hesitate to express his enthusiasm for the West. After meeting mountain man James Fletcher (Will Patton), he immediately set out to achieve his desire to leave Wheelerton.
Starting from Marsfield at 6:30 AM
10:45 Morning coffee
I was clearly the lone person that thought it didn't matter if they matched or not.
Walnut Creek Alehouse (Pyramid) Pyramid Amber Weizen
What do you think should happen for Travellers?
You like him, you’re assuming he likes you.
Project Manager: Mobile 24/7: 910-977-1055 E-Mail Lawson@StarAir.us
The basement, which used to be a chapel, will house offices and open spaces.
And it was wonderful.
Corinader leaver 1 bunch
If, in those moments of deciding to get up quickly and go to work, the only risk that Traci was considering was that she might have a seizure, I can see her weighing those odds and deciding to take the risk.
Veggies and meat and/or protein source for supper
I remember the sound of his whimsical flute which seemed to call my name- Jennifer Juniper lives upon the hill. Jennifer Juniper sitting very still... He would stand at the end of the sidewalk playing until I opened the door of Isabel’s apartment. “Magical princess, would you like to come out and play?” he would ask.
- Oleg gets serious about Sophie
But there is a darker side to everything. Despite the beauty, despite the appeal, there is something horrifying about waking up hung over, again. There is something terrible that wakes up in my heart when I’m acting on my eating disorder, something that threatens me from within.
Week 5
There are groups that have this worse than we do. Apart form Christopher Reeve after his accident, how many disabled characters are played by disabled actors?
Attitude is everything
LOVE you, baby girl!
I did indeed make a card in honor of World Card Making Day. That's it, over on the left. I think its pretty. Not only did I make this card for a cyber friend, but I wanted to enter it in a couple of challenges. Being the procrastinator that I am, I didn't get it entered into any of them. I enjoyed making the card, I measured, printed, colored, cut, pasted and stamped. A labor of love.
Is ever enough for you cuz may be
Notice I have conveniently cropped out our dining room table that is overflowing with a jumble of craft supplies, Thanksgiving school projects, and Christmas decorations. If you look in the bottom picture you can see the silhouette of Lu's pretzel rod tepee! Word is they are making pretzel rod advent wreaths in Sunday School this Sunday. Who knew you could make so many seasonal crafts with pretzel rods. This coming from the lady that constantly finds new uses for toilet paper tubes ;-)
She raises the baggie over her head and starts explaining. "Hygiene nanites are tiny robotic cleaners that you disperse over your head.", she states as she upends the bag of nanites, letting them fall to her blonde hair.
S: “Hold on, I wrote it down for you…”
The joy of the world can make us look happy, but the joy of the Lord affects the heart.
I should have had Buzz's book in hand while I gave my talk. I would have read my beautiful students every word of this most moving, most meaningful, most wrenching, most clear, most important memoir, Father's Day. I am proudly Buzz's friend, and I know he struggled with this book, but on every page is proof of how an honest struggle, a desperate wrestling down, can at times yield a book that will be read for ages by all ages—not just for the story and for the wisdoms (which are many, accruing, and right), not just for the language (which is gorgeous as it both lances and limns), not just for the perfectly constructed asides that teach us the history of premature babies and savants, but also, if you want to get technical about it, for the structure. Father's Day is a perfectly structured book. And it's funny and it's sad and it moves you and it's honest. Maybe Buzz thinks the world is going to remember him for Friday Night Lights, and of course the world will. But Buzz Bissinger, I have news for you: You have just written your most transcendent book. You had all the words you ever needed. They were always waiting for you.
...You still think you are the cutest thing you've ever seen while looking in the mirror...
A key issue will be how any Treasury funding is handled. The original New Town Model was of course all Treasury funding up front but the treasury gets all the benefits. There will be big infrastructure costs up front, and the lack of equity to do this severely hampered Letchworth for example which for years had to cope with mud roads and just one shop. Of course we currently have zero bound interest rates so it is a good time to invest. However credit is in short supply, and the Treasury is hesitant to expand public debt. An appropriate approach then might be for the Treasury to guarantee loans, as they are doing for example now for mortgages. This might be essential as lenders might insist on ‘in possession’ clauses on defaults which would be disastrous for any Garden City model. This again would be a good reason for legally separating freehold ownership into a trust.
And did you exchange
4. There! I've Said It Again
Anyway, we're off.
It was stuck in a little corner nest thing. It would flap frantically when it saw me but it couldn’t get away, and I was like OH NO! Whenever it stopped it was always hanging limp against the wall so I’m thinking oh God, somehow the nest twine stuff is caught around him. because how the hell else would he be hanging that way.. like if it was his feet then I’d think give up no flapping upside down.. but anyways.
-Hung "No Parking" signs along the race course
(I did a Literature degree at university.)
Area police have filed a FIR and started investigation.
While Suzanne and I sipped our tea and caught up–talking about the blizzard, families, work, vacations, college visits, the importance of our girlfriends–the Egyptian people surprised, shocked, overjoyed as President Hosni Mubarak announced his resignation from the Egyptian government. While we caught up on the stories that keep our lives full and challenging and funny and changing, a leader toppled, people cheered, women wept, children hoped.
We did not realise at the time but the tide was fairly well in when we first got there and would probably have been the best time to swim if we were going to take our chances. The aunties said the crocs come in with the tide but apart from then it was usually safe to swim. LOL! I think if we went again we would know where and when to go for a swim but this time we thought it better safe than sorry.
OG=1.040@69F
Granada lost their discipline at the full-time whistle as Moises Hurtado and Guilherme Siqueira picked up red cards with Resino’s side’s survival in the Spanish top flight still in doubt.
The question became: how do you compare perfection? I changed my mind well over a dozen times trying to separate these women into some “order”. In the end I found myself comparing their overall bodies of work and finally selecting – Sally Pearson (AUS). She literally competed all year long as she started sprinting competitively during the Australian summer season at the end of January! She won Australian titles in the 100 & 200 in addition to her specialty 100 meter hurdles.
“Do you now, or have you ever used illegible performance reports?”
When we first got together, it was sweet and young and … perfect. I was head over heels. But things became complicated quickly. He was an up and coming athletic star and I was working in hospitality. So basically he worked hard in the day, and I worked hard at night. His lifestyle demanded routine and healthy living, mine … not so much. But we were determined to make it work.
Die Hard asks naive but powerful questions: If you have to get from A to B—that is, from the 31st floor to the lobby, or from the 26th floor to the roof—why not blast, carve, shoot, lockpick, and climb your way there, hitchhiking rides atop elevator cars and meandering through the labyrinthine, previously unexposed back-corridors of the built environment?
paper - kraft, lucky limeade, whisper white, x-press it blending card, bloom & grow (my minds eye)
Please read this article if you’d like to get a clearer view of a photographer’s business. Although truly, this only just touches the surface of what is typically involved.)
Ere departing fade from my eyes your forests of bayonets;
The ingredients are super simple and the whole thing only takes about 20 minutes to make. Have fun !
After we arrived home, the order of the day was to get the Chicks settled into their own digs. Dave and Melanie carefully took one Chick at a time from their tight little box, put their beaks 1st in water and then into food. Such actions are essential as Chicks need a little help in knowing what to do next. I don't know how that works when they are with Mother Hen.
The MacGuffin is often an object that has no meaning other than simply being valuable. It’s sometimes just a thing that the story revolves around, something that moves the plot forward. For example, we never find out what’s actually on the secret microfilm in Hitchcock’s “North by Northwest.”
The tenanted model of Punch and Enterprise appears flawed for any number of reasons though the high leverage adopted isn’t really the issue that many think. All capital costs money, whether it is debt or equity. The business has to service both with either interest or dividends. Leverage requires interest payments where equity can halt dividend payments making an equity capital structure more resilient to a temporary downturn. Neither capital structure is resilient to a permanent downturn in trading conditions as who really wants to own equity that eats itself rather than offers a return?
* Join the National march for Jobs, Justice and Growth on March 26th in London (phone 07503169657 to book a place on a coach)
There is no END in Nature, just new Beginnings.
Painted on latex is my only form of dress
Here is one of the ways that we chill out...
I can’t review an hour of tweets in my twitter feed without seeing something about the newest thing in ‘romance reading’ … the book “50 Shades of Grey.” A fan favorite that is sweeping the nation has already been optioned for movie rights. Author EL James has written a triology of mommy porn that is the latest addiction of housewives everywhere.
Hundreds of tweets made cheeky reference to the star’s recent sex tape scandal.
reading is so fundementally important.
While waiting in the lobby to present Mr. H his quilt, another man came up to the group sitting in the lobby and asked about the quilt we were holding. During the conversation he proudly told of his service in the Navy, too. A sailor from a later generation, Steven S served during the Desert Storm era on the USS Buchanan. Fortunately a quilt was waiting in the car to find it's new home, so his service is now recognized, too. As we went out the door Steve quietly mentioned that his daughter and son-in-law just returned from Afghanistan. It looks like two more quilts are needed for that family.
If you're not a fan of either, perhaps you're someone who enjoys the "Now with..." type of update, as shown on the above Jody Davis card.
That bird
The book is a relatively quick read for non-fiction because the author has largely written about the subjects and events that a reader would be interested in e.g. were there any signs when Mike was a child and what event did eventually lead to a diagnosis. The author interweaves her family story throughout which is relevant and helps to give a perspective from their point of view and how the illness affected them.
the other a repellent shrub.
Ring in the New Year with a fresh and funny tale about dating, relationships and life as Anna Faris (Scary Movie Franchise, The House Bunny) and Chris Evans (Fantastic Four, Captain America) come together in a hilarious quest for "the one" in WHAT’S YOUR NUMBER? Unrated Ex-tended Cut, debuting on Blu-ray and DVD January 10 from Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment.
An’ for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe
Something Prism did not care for.
for a trip to the world and in return
Workbox/File 12:Family Project-Make Egyptian jewelry (items in ziploc bag)
Stolen.
Oh my! Timothy Olyphant plays a character named Raylan Givens. I guess I have a thing for Kentucky boys because I'd marry me some Raylan Givens! Southern accent speakin' cowboy hat wearin' men are the hotness - the end. Ummm......Big & Rich said it - or rather sang it right - save a horse; ride a cowboy. I know what you're thinking - oh no she didn't. Uh -huh, yes......oh yes I did! I blame Cassie - she made me play this game. ;)
"See here", he continued, "one of these Internet characters holds that beer lines should be cooled along their length, while another proposes that the cellar temperature should be lowered during the warmer part of the year."
Here are the other Twisted Tuesday Challenge DT member's blogs in case you wanted to see their cards-
The good news is that God does know who we all are and everything we’ve all ever thought or done. Jesus knows because He bore all our sin as He hung on the cross. And He loves us anyway. He always will.
Parents aren’t even required to parallel park before making and having little people in their lives to raise properly. Some parents don’t know what proper raising of children is but it’s not because they are bad people. I believe it’s because they can’t know what they don’t know.
We are now reminding you to celebrate the feast of Booths in the month of Kislev.
Powdered Sugar:
Now I have made a right turn and am headed north again. Salt Lake is known for its wide streets, this is a perfect example. Wide street, wide bike lane. This weather is so spectacular that its beauty surprises me anew with every turn.
*Well it was as much of a documentary as ‘An Inconvenient Truth’ was.
Somerville, Siobhan B.. “Feminism, Queer Theory and the Racial Closet.” 52.2 (2010): 191 – 200. Criticism. Web. 1 Apr. 2012.
* Have knowledge and skill in project management with proven project management experience utilizing a globally recognized project methodology / procedure / processes
Following her extremely sexy two Vogue Germany magazine covers released earlier this week, British model-turned-actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to stun in her accompanying cover shoot.
all i need to know is whether transport is saturday or sunday..
*page 14 of linked The Economist/You Gov poll: 10. Support for Arizona’s new immigration law, Strongly approve 40.5% + Somewhat approve 18.3%.
This astonished me. If you look at Scorsese's The Last Waltz, not only is Robertson portrayed as The Band's leader, he's seen as their most valuable mouthpiece as well, both in interviews and on stage. I mean, he looks like he's belting it away during that film. But, sitting here with Levon, I learned that this was the basis for the schism in the band. Levon had enough good will to provide some memorable moments for Scorsese, but he told us he hated doing the movie, because he felt it supported the notion that the duplicitous Robertson was the center of The Band. "If anyone was the center, it was Garth Hudson. He was our music teacher, and he was the one that took us on up."
Rut-roh. Looks like it is closed? The doors are shut...
Michael Cimino’s second film was the period at the end of a long sentence that was the Vietnam War. Name Your Link">The Deer Hunter may have been the most, sadly forgotten film by many, as it’s rarely shown on television and certainly not on pay cable channels. It was the darkest side of the war that everyone knew was terrible, dark, sad and cruel.
Some people won't care for jewelry. Fine--get something from Forever 21 and put the extra toward a freakin' amazing jacket from Net-a-Porter. Or shoes--say you find a great pair at the consignment store in town. Congratulations! Now, put that extra toward an amazing jacket from Net-a-Porter.
Farm Kid #1: My salad greens that I started from seed will be ready to set out soon now that were almost past frost season.
Over the weekend, Adam and I took a little trip to Bed, Bath & Beyond with a gift card in hand. I was looking for a new shower curtain and Adam was looking to get in and out as quickly as possible (I swear, within 30 seconds of us walking through the doors he started asking me if I was done yet). I was hoping to find something for $24.99, when I stumbled across this beauty by Amy Butler for $49.99. Not to worry, I quickly rationalized that I was still saving money, so how could I not buy it?
3. Subscribe to The Daily Post so that you don’t miss out on weekly challenge announcements. Sign up via the email subscription link in the sidebar or RSS.
of cops: An hour there to sleep perchance
“Scotland, 1745. Against the bloody background of the Battle of Culloden, another war waged and won-the price of honor, the victory, love.
May 1st always feels like the beginning of summer, of many colours green, of music and sunlight and magic. As I drove down the mountain this morning I saw a marmot running up the rocks by the side of the road. I switched on KGNU, the local radio station, and found myself in the middle of passionate and intense music. It was viscerally familiar but unidentifiable (this I so often find to be the case). I got as far as “it’s a piano trio, 19th century”….but no further before the announcer relieved me:
Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) when there are ways to increase utilisation of existing runways.
Thye Moh Chan has been in operation for 70 years, which in itself, is no simple feat. And till today, they continue to sell very traditional tau sa pia and peanut brittle.
Since my photography blog is going to be hosted on my site in time, I'm keeping this separate, but I am changing the link.
B1. The Toucanostra (4:30)
Samuel Smith Old Brewery (Tadcaster) Samuel Smith's Pure Brewed Lager Beer
and builds a mortared song
Tonight after dinner, Steve walked into the dining room and says, "Siah put your shoes on son" Josiah smiles huge and says, "oh i know dad we're going on *spells(so Haliah doesnt cry)*
I was unable to think straight. How was that possible? Damon said that Zeph was on the right… but that was me… I was Zeph? Zeph… My head hurt. The pain was unbearable. Images flashed before my eyes. Images of the woman on the left. Memories I didn’t had before or didn’t remember. Memories of another person… someone I know so well of… And I saw it. I saw myself covered in blood. I had a knife, a knife in my hands. No, it wasn’t me. Rose. Rose was covered in blood. She had a knife in her hands. Stabbing herself in front of me. Rose, my Rose. She was dead. Dead. And I realized I was back into reality.
I swear I have every intention of keeping this blog up-to-date for you to enjoy, and then I fall off the bandwagon once more. My goal for 2012: become a better blogger. :) Yes, 2012... can you believe it? It's the year of the end of the world. Yeah, remember that? The Mayans and their calendar? Well, supposedly, a new piece of "evidence" now confirms that we really are doomed. I read it a couple of weeks ago, but interestingly, as I'm trying to find the article now, it seems to have disappeared. So, take my word for it... the end of the world is only one year away, so go ahead and live a little. ;)
Outside the window there are soldiers,
Select the image and then press the following command.
My recent move to Wisconsin has had an unexpected side effect: I have caught three vicious viruses since we got here, including the one I am now fighting, a scant three weeks after I recovered from the last one!
Commuters at Pearse train station are being driven stir crazy by the apparent ‘tightness’ of its café. ‘SoBu’ is now charging an extra 20c for spoons to stir their lattes with. On top of recent fares hikes, it’s left many travellers ‘frothing’.
4 8oz mason jars
Also, originally the story was called THE NINETEENTH REALITY. When Chris gave his pitch to "The Committee", whoever the heck that is, he accidentally called it THE THIRTEENTH REALITY, and everyone liked it so much it stuck. That made for a little adjusting in my plans, but not much. It's only a number. Somewhere later, the number was used instead of the word, and now it is offically THE 13TH REALITY.
*The space at 18th and Cherry is now the Public House, and it looks reassuringly like the old Dock Street -- minus the brewery, of course, and the big backbar mural -- while offering a decent selection of taps. I did stop in on the way back to the train, and sank a quick, well-kept pint of Yards IPA. It was good to be back at that long bar; really good, actually. Great memories at Dock Street, and I missed the place.
1/2 tsp rosemary
What could be better for duck or drake?
Bersih Melbourne. Bravo Malaysians!
I put it against the back wall of the cupboard. Flipped it upside down and stacked up my spices.
Mika and I love it. I just put the pillow that came with the chair inside the pillowcase for now. Jordan likes the lumbar support of the firmer pillows, so it might have to stay. But I would prefer a down filled pillow. I'm actually having a hard time finding 12x20" down filled pillow inserts - any suggestions?
Priests may indeed rely more heavily upon the support of the faithful for their existence, as is proper to their position. So I think the defence of priests against the charge of "parasitism" may fall more heavily on the second factor. However, it should be recalled that in the Middle Ages, the only time that humanity came close to 1/4 of the population being religious or cleric, the great majority (probably as much as 9/10ths) of vocations were as lay brothers or sisters. As such, I would argue that if we got closer to the sorts of numbers I mentioned in "Why Marriage is Overrated", the greatest increase in numbers would be monastic.
In Ex Parte Bohannan, the CCA denied relief because TDCJ belatedly held a "preliminary hearing" in order to moot the parolee's due process claim. The CCA agreed it was moot for him, but a concurring opinion (pdf) by Judge Michael Keasler, signed by three other judges, declared in the strongest possible language that the failure to provide preliminary hearings "violates a releasee’s constitutional rights, and our experience with this issue establishes that the Board, pursuant to the policies established by the TDCJ, Parole Division, has violated, and continues to flagrantly violate, clearly established constitutional law."
As a designer it is nice to stumble upon a portfolio where you say if I was to hire someone this would be it! I love everything about this room, the painted ceiling, the mix of textures and of course the typography on the wall! Jump over and visit Lauren Muse's Portfolio, I promise you will walk away feeling refreshed!
So, I know that sappy country music isn't Tina's favorite genre... but, she has a daughter whom she loves and adores -- so I hope this tune makes her smile. Or laugh. Hysterically.
Location: Birzeit, The Palestinian Circus School
this week was a chaos week.
Amazing!
Well, Jen, get ready to hear it!
Doug Axe’s research likewise studies genes that it turns out show great evidence of design. Axe studied the sensitivities of protein function to mutations. In these “mutational sensitivity” tests, Dr. Axe mutated certain amino acids in various proteins, or studied the differences between similar proteins, to see how mutations or changes affected their ability to function properly. He found that protein function was highly sensitive to mutation, and that proteins are not very tolerant to changes in their amino acid sequences. In other words, when you mutate, tweak, or change these proteins slightly, they stopped working. In one of his papers, he thus concludes that “functional folds require highly extraordinary sequences,” and that functional protein folds “may be as low as 1 in 10^77.”
Be careful in your quest for wisdom.
The palate was round spicy and vibrant at first, while the mid-palate became very traditional showing classic dry, leathery, earthy, dusty and mineral characters making this medium bodied wine elegant with great freshness and vitality.
At 6pm, we had finished all that we had to do at the hospital and we were on our way home… just under 12 hours after we arrived! So our & Amara’s first night was spent at home.
7. Colonel Bogey March (2:28)
I’m afraid it is failing to hold my interest as much as the first one. Andrew’s constant ignoring his gut instincts on what he should do and ending up in terrible circumstances is getting a little old. When does he make the right decisions? After all he went through in the previous book, how could he still make the same dumb decisions without regard for his wife and child?
To introduce this piece would be an exercise in futility as well as boring and pointless. So, I won’t introduce it. I’ve decided to add this intro graph, which is itself boring and pointless because that’s the way I write. Some advice on writing that one already-successful author listed was to write like you were writing to a friend, not a peer or adversary or teacher. Some better advice would be to write without trying to do anything, the only real writing and the only good writing is writing that transfers from your neurons to your nerves and into your fingers, or hand if you’re writing long form, with ease and with honesty. The moment you start trying to do something that didn’t already occur to you is the moment you failed as a writer.
34. Atonement - Ian McEwan
I'm talking 70 degrees, gentle breeze (as opposed to the crazy ass wind that's been rearing its ugly head lately), no humidity.
Who collects veg. cookbooks for his patients
We met lots of lovely new couples today, all excited/nervous/giddy about their big day, and we really do hope to be working with many of them soon as they all came across as such lovely people, full of ideas and anticipation about planning their big day. It was wonderful to meet you all!
I have to tell you about this film Burn After Reading, It’s absolutely hilarious even though it has quite a serious story line! I will give you the movie info first..
This is such a fun filled room! The grandkids bedroom.
We'll see. Maybe, when we're all ready, we can get together.
The designer and the store’s co-owner Mara Urshel go back to her buyer days at Saks Fifth Avenue, where she championed Mizrahi early on in his career. Together, they have developed an 18-piece collection of ballgowns, sheaths and hourglass silhouettes that will retail from $2,500 to $6,000 at the 35,000-square-foot flagship, which caters to 17,000 brides each year. Mizrahi is particularly excited about the fragile gingham he developed that appears to be a sheer overlay. “There is something wonderfully American classic and chic about it,” he said.
Place your shredded chicken in a bowl.
“It covered basic anatomy, needs of chickens, a little bit of the history of chickens and how to take care of them to be healthy and happy,” said Ayer, adding that the event was a success with about 50 people in attendance.
NICHOL KL, LIND A, MARGOLIS KL, et al. The effectiveness of vaccination against influenza in healthy, working adults. N Engl J Med 1995; 333: 889-893.
And by “sexy,” I mean “not so sexy.” She showed up at Bill’s house looking like what he accurately described as a beekeeper. She showed him her face and begged him to take action against that “uppity Wiccan c—” (quite possibly my favorite nickname for any character). She said to him, “I can put up with a lot, but you f— with my face, it’s time to die.” But Bill’s hands are somewhat tied as the American Vampire League doesn’t allow the killing of humans.
The play was very good, encompassing all the familar comedic bits from The Addams Family TV shows and movies. The actors playing Gomez and Fester stole the show. The other actors were adequate but in my opinion they had a mediocre script/songs to work from. The sets were very creative and beautiful. We could see all the action and the acoustics were so good we didn’t miss a word. Over all, it was worth the price. Andy liked it. You can read a right-on review of it by Mark Meszoros in the News-Herald, With a great Gomez, “Addams Family” avoids gruesome death.
You've whittled down your gift buying list to a manageable size, and you know exactly what you're going to get for the people left on the list.
What we know as Eurabia is EU elites surrendering us to Islam by passing laws to oppress our attempts to defend our women and children, and allowing open immigration and making large donations to Palestinian groups like Hamas.
Now I'll I have to do is sell a copy.
This is a portable and hearty meal. A perfect meal for little hands too.
Dinner – hamburger patty with mushrooms, grilled onions, cheese, avocado and lettuce.
This is one of the scenes I try to recreate when I’m at the Arboretum. It doesn’t really work the way I’m looking for it to work. The light is different, or something about the photograph doesn’t jump out and say “keep me” when I’m going through them on my computer. Every year the scene is different. Every time you look through a window, something has changed.
and a long, thin shadowy opponent.
Much of the film takes place in cramped rooms, underlining at various times both the characters' lack of means and their limited horizons, focused as they are only on immediate gain; there is a constant tension to the film, too, though born mostly of a sense that things could go spectacularly awry at any moment. It's not so much a question of whether things will turn out badly as when - and how badly.
Siegfried
For all of us gardeners, the next garden is perfect. The weather will be ideal, weeds will be minimal and timing will leave nothing to be desired. The seeds will have excellent germination and I will of course document every little thing that happens, in order to keep a good record of the year. In reality, of course, there will be weeds, crops will do poorly, there will be too little or too much rain, there will be weeds. In short nothing will be perfect. Except, it will be in many ways. There will always be that one crop that did amazing. There will be thing that keeps us all going.
Weekday sessions to choose from:
Heat oil in a large pot. Add onions and peppers; cook until onions are translucent. Add garlic and cook until fragrant. Stir in flour. Add water and half-and-half. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. Using an immersion blender, puree this mixture until it is smooth (if using a regular blender, work in batches, filling the pitcher only half-full, since the liquid will be hot). Slowly add cheeses to warm pureed mixture, making sure all cheese is melted before adding more. (If the cheese isn't melting, return the pot to low heat and stir constantly.) Once cheese is completely melted, add salt, lemon pepper, sugar, mustard, vinegar and Tabasco. Stir to combine.
I also purchased various dried herbs- these are often served on a Greek salad and mixes for making authentic tzatziki. And of course some real Feta cheese. Rich and creamy, salty, moist and slightly sour, semi-solid and certainly not hard and tasteless like you often find here.
I had this vision in my head of taking a picture of Darcy riding her trike down the big open road. This wasn't quite what I had in mind, but it was too hot outside to really work on getting it right.
The man at the wheel's name is Seamus
- What would I talk about on this here blog if not for the crazy escapades of a single gal who just wants to meet and date normal guys***
The word nova means "new" in Latin, referring to what appears to be a bright new star in the night sky. Occasionally these explosions cause what appears to be a new star in the sky. The prefix 'super-' separates a supernova from an ordinary nova, which also involve a star increasing in brightness, though to a lesser extent and through a different mechanism.
It has an odd, hollow, cardboard bitterness that I notice more than anything right up front, which makes it taste like a stronger golden ale. Like adjuncts. Cheap. It fades quickly to an alcohol bite, and all of that malt disappears quickly. The bitter harshness just isn't right for the type.
Sourdough Chocolate Chip Pancakes
Fellow Republicans, it is the cause of Republicanism to resist concentrations of power, private or public, which enforce such conformity and inflict such despotism. It is the cause of Republicanism to ensure that power remains in the hands of the people. And, so help us God, that is exactly what a Republican president will do with the help of a Republican Congress.
“Whether the north pole of the Sun has north or south polarity decides the entry point of galactic cosmic rays into the heliosphere,” Gopalswamy told TPM.
Show is pissed and runs over Cody in the ring while the crowd boos him! Show then chokeslams Cody through a table! Crowd turns when Show THROWS Cody out of the ring and onto a table! FUCK! Cody chant while the refs try to help him up. Cody finally stands and the crowd digs that as he holds up the belt.
Yes you're all quite right, it was the humdrum of everydayness, the rainy (very) muddy days and November-into-December greyness that just got to me, but I'm pleased to report the crisp frosty landscape this morning with pink-edged sky was exhilarating, and as soon as the ice cleared I took dear Bruce for a wonderful wintery ride blessed by sunshine and birdsong, and told him all the things that were on my mind.
Marriage is hard. Even good marriages, happy marriages, peaceful marriages. You don’t always agree and yet you can only move forward together. What’s hard is figuring out the balance between protecting yourself and protecting the relationship. It’s this way for all relationships really, not just marriages, not just straight partnerships, not even just amongst couples. That old dilemma of knowing how and where to set boundaries, which of course requires you to know yourself; what you will let go and what you insist upon, what makes you feel good or sad, what you’ve decided your priorities are regardless of the costs, and what you want most from those who love you and whom you love.
It’s 1971, and seventeen-year-old Chloe and her best friend MJ head to San Francisco to ring in the New Year. But Chloe has an ulterior motive—and a secret. She’s pregnant and has devised a plan not to be. In San Francisco’s flower-power heyday, it was (just about) legal to end her pregnancy.
Guitarist/vocalist Joao Gilberto is credited with being the originator of the bossa nova, due to his 1950s affiliation with songwriter Antonio Carlos Jobim. Hence, the rest is history. While this recording captures his genius via a solo perfomance at Italy's "Umbria Jazz" festival in 1996. His easily identifiable sound is intact here, as Gilberto delves into fourteen pieces, composed by Jobim and others. The artist's wistful, hush-toned vocals and rhythmically charged acoustic guitar work just reaffirms his significance in modern music. He typifies the coolness of Brazil amid his relatively toe-tapping pulses and contrasting melodic interludes. Part of the beauty, resides within his often-lilting harmonic structures, deterministic sense of purpose and understated themes. Gilberto's sensual demeanor and calming celebration of life hits the mark in a huge way, largely due to his effortless mode of execution and inspiring musical persona. ~ AllMusic
“All to Jesus I surrender, all to him I freely give, I will ever love and trust him, in his presence daily live”
Peeved: I’m okay, thanks.
The whole place is lined with mirrors, so be careful where you 'let go of the day's tensions'. double check your target area, just in case.
See, there are slits in the corners of the tatting shuttles. Here is tatting Shuttle 1. It is wrapped with Lizbeth Thread Size 20. The color is Azalea Med. You can see both sides of the shuttle here and how one side is made to look like an Easter Egg and one side to look like an Easter Basket!
in the past few months, i have spent time with friends
we painted the shutters black first. and we love them.
Lay sweet potatoes in the pan.
Two of my poems were published in Hopscotch - a collection of children’s short stories and poetry, published by Jelli-Beanz Publishing. Since the book’s official launch in March 2012, Jelli-Beanz Publishing has been interviewing authors whose work appears in this delightful collection.
The recent Tesco 4 for £6 offer has led me to buy more bottles of White Shield than I would normally do. This is a classic beer and one for which, despite recent travails and brewery moves, I still have a lingering affection. It still always seems a touch sweet, though, when I remember it from its glory days of the 1980s as a distinctively, even aggressively, dry beer.
I stitched this set of Delft tiles for my mother-in-law a couple of years ago because she has lots of blue and white china in her kitchen. They were pretty quick stitches and the designs were from one of the stitchy mags.
Speaking of “personal debt”, we learned from our research that the
1/2 head chopped escarole
It is very difficult to feel confidence in an administration that has not addressed in meaningful ways the horrors that have occurred to actual bodies, to the Durham community of which we are an integral part, and to our sense of being members of a proactive and caring community. Rather, gag orders and trembling liberal rhetorical spins seem to be behaviors du jour from our leaders.
This summer, my office began the process of creating a database specifically for savings bonds and that is how we came across the bonds for Trinity Lutheran. We are holding more than $350,000 (face value) in savings bonds. There are more than 3,000 bonds in our vault waiting to be claimed.
* Lindsay Davis and Themi Leftheris
Preheat the oven to 350 degree F. Place the rack in the centre of the oven.
Researchers have proposed that the emergence of religion was a cultural adaptation necessary for promoting self-control. Self-control, in turn, may serve as a psychological pillar supporting a myriad of adaptive psychological and behavioral tendencies. If this proposal is true, then subtle reminders of religious concepts should result in higher levels of self-control. In a series of four experiments, we consistently found that when religious themes were made implicitly salient, people exercised greater self-control, which, in turn, augmented their ability to make decisions in a number of behavioral domains that are theoretically relevant to both major religions and humans' evolutionary success. Furthermore, when self-control resources were minimized, making it difficult for people to exercise restraint on future unrelated self-control tasks, we found that implicit reminders of religious concepts refueled people's ability to exercise self-control. Moreover, compared with morality- or death-related concepts, religion had a unique influence on self-control.There's nothing like being told that God is watching you to boost your self-restraint. This can help explain the phenomenon that, the lower in class one goes in religion, the stricter the rules. Jehovah's Witnesses, for instance, probably don't have a lot of the college-educated among their ranks, and each one is required to put in an immense amount of proselytizing, tithing, and so on. On the other hand, Episcopalians, who used to be known as the Republican Party at prayer, and who appear to be the highest IQ Christian denomination, are probably the most lax of all denominations now, with all their gay and women bishops and whatnot.
The belated Proffer is the In Bloom Green tray table, hand made in Scandinavia made out of FSC cerified birchwood (65cm) with a foldeable black metal base. Normally €325 now €260 including shipping. If you are interested drop me an email at info@mariskameijers.com. There is only one available at this Proffer price!
“Inviting us to be here mindfully, paying attention to our thoughts, emotions, and sensory experiences as they arise from moment-to-moment.”
You may have noticed that my posting pace has slowed down a bit this week. I've had an issue with my hip joint that escalated for the past 7 months. I've spent that time working through various therapies and treatments. Unfortunately they didn't work. It reached the point that I had to have some major surgery done to repair the problems. Happily, I've made it through the surgery and I'm now home starting my long road to recovery!
Gordon Thomas, Journey into Madness: The True Story of Secret CIA Mind Control and Medical Abuse, Bantam Books, 1989
I leaned over and tried to remember the last time I pooped. Memory failing, I hoped that I smelled like skittles and roses down there. Dr. OverExploratory than probed into the dark side of the moon, supposedly with a rubber gloved single finger. All I could think of was Chevy Chase in Fletch asking if the Doc was using the whole fist and then singing Mooooooooon River.
the patches—mismatched pieces filling in
step 2: Hit "T" for text or click on the icon in left toolbar that looks like a "T". (In Elements you may have to double click the background layer and click "OK" to rename it to an editable "layer 0."). If you click on the "T" in the toolbar, you will notice that you have options like "Horizontal type tool," the pointless "Vertical type tool" (pointless, because you can make the horizontal type vertical anyway) and others that we'll save for another time (or not). Once you have selected the type tool, a menu bar will appear at the top:
1. Moving slowly; sluggish: a slack pace.
“Okay, let’s see if he can do this… One, two, good, you’re on the right track so far, three, still looking good, four, well done, almost there, this is a truly astonishing feat, don’t stop now… five! He’s done it! Is that it? He’s stopping there? Hurrah! This horse is a genius! Put him in charge of our country’s major financial institutions immediately!”
7) What's your strangest talent?
As many of you probably already know, the celebration of spring is being kicked off by Operation Write Home this Saturday, March 5th, with the Spring Bunny Hop on their Stars and Stamps blog, and I'm sure all the cardmakers are geared up and ready for this marathon of inspiration. I look forward to checking out as many of the blogposts as I can, but am not actually participating myself. However, thought I'd better put out the welcome mat anyway in case some of my blog comments entice one of you to visit me here too. And here's my greeting card of welcome to you in honor of spring's lillies and approaching Easter season. The photo doesn't really show up the green base or the gold embossed cardstock.
As for Berlin, apart from the overwhelming history, there were some striking literary resonances for me: Hans Fallada's Alone in Berlin is a book that left a great impression on me when we read it for the reading group, and it turned out that Jablonskistrasse, in which the protagonist lives, was only two streets away from the friend's flat in which we were staying. I felt spaced out the whole time not only by a virus but also by the stunning intersection of past and present and fiction and reality.
All in all, I did enjoy the book and looked forward to the rest. How does THAT idea play out? Pretty well, but you know, comic companies quite often go back to the same well too many times.
Fried Pickles - April 7
Moyra Donaldson was born and brought up in Co Down and has been described as one of the country’s most distinctive and accomplished writers: a poet whose voice is full of integrity and mystery. Her first full collection of poems Snakeskin Stilettos was published in 1998, followed by Beneath the Ice in 2001, both from Lagan Press. She has received four awards from the Arts Council NI, most recently, the Artist Career Enhancement Award. Moyra’s poems have featured on radio and television, including the Channel 4 production, Poems to Fall in Love With. Horse’s Nest, was published by Lagan Press in 2006 and described in Poetry Ireland Review as ‘one of the most enjoyable poetry books of the last few years.’ Her most recent collection, Miracle Fruit, was published by Lagan Press in November 2010.
If you would like to take the Photoshop CS5 Beta Test or the Adobe Illustrator CS5.5 Beta Test, please let me know and I’ll show you how to go about doing that.
...(I had had enough geometry with my quilt-block ones)...
The preliminary rent hike, approved on Tuesday, May 3rd, 2011 by the RGB is slated to be voted on next month. The board proposed changes to both one-year and two-year lease agreements. Increases for one-year leases will potentially fall between 3 and 5.75 percent, while two-year leases would go up between 6 and 9 percent.
Upon all folks in sight
Here's a quick look at some of the pieces that will be listed in the next couple of days :)
Today is Black Friday, the start of that period which most retailers have waited for all year.
I dream a lot about it. Me jumping on a pool of crowd. I think doing a stage jump is like going for those rides which looks dangerous. If you gather enough courage to do it once then it gets into you and you repeat it whenever you get an opportunity. The reason why you get scared is you are never sure if the crowd loves you “that” much. If they are ready to risk their muscles to lift a 75kg throwing itself into them. If they don’t realize enough the “rockstar” inside you then they will surely mock and laugh at you and call you a “wannabe”. You get scared if some damages happen to you as well. There should be a huge positive energy flowing inside you, before you dare to do something like that.
No...the wedgie that needs picking is either their undies are getting smaller or my butt is getting bigger! I know. I know. This sounds like a personal problem.
Brewed: 04-08-2008
The Pennsylvania Liquor Code (hereafter referred to as "the Code") is a plaything of various interests in the Pennsylvania legislature. The most recent example of this kind of thinking is the whole Sheetz/Wegmans uproar, in which politicians who are aligned with either the beer distributors or the New Drys say they are contemplating changes to the Code to keep beer out of grocery stores. Now you'll note that nothing has actually happened yet...and you'll also note that the "six-pack bill" is still diddle-fiddling around in committee.
Be sure to stop by our website and blog for more information (also if you'd like to oogle more beautiful wedding and event photos!)
When the mushrooms have softened and are not raw, about 5 minutes
Pulse all ingredients in a blender until they're thoroughly mixed. Add a handful of ice cubes; blend until the drink's cold and frothy. Pour into a tall glass. Garnish with starfruit slice on the rim. Don't wait too long to drink it!
02 Avenue Of Trees
None would escape.
Later that night the terrorists struck Bombay in a coordinated assault aimed at killing as many innocents as they could get hold of.
1 can Comstock peach pie filling
“I’ve read a great one for a remake of King Solomon’s Mines that’s true to the original novel. I’ve already turned down the part of Alan Quartermain so I can audition for the role of Gagool the witch-smeller.”
This just launched today and is very much in beta, but I think it's another potentially good resources for folks to possibly utilize. If you do investigate it further and have feedback or feature requests for the site, please let me know and I'll pass it along to the TED-ED team. They are a great group of people and very much want your feedback to make the site even better.
Social Security’s ban covers all Internet sites, including social media such as Facebook.
“I keep the receipts of every transaction. I don’t know how she could have so much of money,” he added.
The marketing intern will assist with market research, student enquiries, website development, online social media, marketing, and administrative tasks. The intern will work primarily with the education team while supporting the investment and trade teams as needed.
“Ian McEwan recently wrote that advertising is full of “third raters” bombarding everyone with their “aggressive low intelligence”.
for being yourself is the best way.
This year I will have more client books coming out than any previous year, and I cannot wait to tell you about each of them. One of my resolutions is to be better about updating my website!
Along the narrow carpet ride,
The Godfather reminds us of the importance of being tough when necessary. “As soon as Vito Corleone allowed a few moments of weakness to be seen by his enemy, they attempted to assassinate him. And it was largely because of failures of his team,” Moore observes.
But this time, my friend suggested I take the L because it stops exactly where I needed to go. "But I've never taken the L!" I said in a panic. Just thinking about the logistics put me in a cold sweat. Where do I catch it? Where do I park? How much is parking? How do I get a ticket for the L? Or do they use tokens? There are a million stops downtown, how do I know where I'm supposed to get off? Blue line, brown line, pink line, how do I know which line to take? What if I get mugged and someone steals my camera? Then I won't have any proof that I actually took the L and if I can't blog about it, then why bother? Thankfully, my friends are used to my insanity, so they just roll their eyes and tell me to get a grip.
But this strategy didn’t work. The Brough workers and the anti-arms activists were soon cheering and applauding each other’s comments, particularly those about diversifying to work on renewable energy to move away from arms and keep jobs at Brough. Today, we were able to tell the workers at Brough that we’re on their side. Serious government investment in renewable energy – a far more stable prospect for the future than arms – would make use of engineering skills in Britain and could save lives in Bahrain.
and finally, how do you cut through so many pages and retain a straight cut? TIA
Here's the back of the camera! If you are wondering how in the world this odd looking box take pictures, don't ask me. I still don't really understand exactly how it does it. I do know that it has to do with light and when you do expose it, the image is taken upside down. I just know it works and that is ok with me! :)
Him: Lunch before then?
THE DIVAS DIAMOND by Victoria Christopher Murray
“We are challenging Mohamed Razali to repeat what he has stated in the police report so that our legal adviser can take a look into it and for us to seek legal redress,” he told reporters at the party headquarters here on Saturday.
Carmike Theater in Oakdale! Praise the Lord.
And it stuck. I took cabaret for the last 4 years.
As Steele wrote, “Mr. Obama’s extraordinary dash to the forefront of American politics is less a measure of the man than of the hunger in white America for racial innocence.” And, “For whites, here is the opportunity to document their deliverance from the shames of their forbearers.”
Horse power or HP can be calculated using the formula
Sam and Sam finished 3rd in their division.
In a plastic bag, forcing me to maneuver
“Everyone knows that only a small fraction of juvenile salmon survive to return as adults,” said study co-author Dr. Mark Lewis. “The fish-farm sea lice are reducing that fraction even more.”
Ring Guy – Well, I don’t remember hardly anything about Ring Guy. Frankly, all I can remember is I wore his class ring on a necklace and we used to hang out in the attic of his parent’s house where I’d listen to him play the guitar for hours. I continued to party at CCPE’s house after the breakup (bad idea), and in hindsight, I probably just dated Ring Guy because I wanted to make CCPE jealous. I can remember that ring like it was yesterday – it was massive. It looked like I had some kind of weird growth on my chest when I wore it beneath a high-collared shirt. Very attractive. I can’t even tell you why/when that relationship ended, but I don’t have the ring anymore, so it must have. Unless Ring Guy is out there pining for me somewhere and I never adequately ended things …
Numerous transgender-rights advocacy agencies, as well as the National Association of Social Workers, have encouraged City and State agencies to abandon surgical requirements for changing identity documents. For instance, in 2009 the state of Illinois agreed to develop new standards for how much surgery is required before a person is eligible to switch the gender or sex-identifier on a birth certificate. City and State agencies are recognizing that any regulations in regards to updating gender identification on documents must be based on the standards set by the physicians actually treating these individuals. The World Professional Association for Transgender Health (WPATH) is the major health association that sets the standards for medical treatment of transgender individuals. WPATH has stated “No person should have to undergo surgery or accept sterilization as a condition of identity recognition. Genital reconstruction is not required for social gender recognition, and such surgery should not be a prerequisite for document or record changes.”
There is a simplicity to life in my part of France that appeals to me, that I greatly admire....it is not a way of life that I am accustomed to and nor is it a life that I think I could live on a full time basis. My life is compartmentalised...I have one way of living in France and I have another in London not to mention being Australian born and feeling very much an Australian...When this existence becomes too complicated, too confusing, too frenetic I reflect on the straightforwardness of some of the French lives that surround me in Provence....Could I forgo the material luxuries that make a split life possible? Would I be content to live for the rest of my days in one place, with the same routines day after day, season upon season? Could I live in a world where the internet doesn't reign supreme? I fear I know the answers to these questions already....It is too late for me... I am already lost to the modern world where stimulation, instantaneity and choice have spoilt me... but I do know a French couple who aren't.
And my idol of control is even bigger than my ability to get bored, so I resist the Author's twists on my life story. I simmer in anxiety and drown those around me with it. I scorn the brokenness of it all without noticing the Carpenter is really wanting to reform my heart. Carve away the ugliness I crudely patched on myself. Repurpose it.
What would you say if I were to tell you those superhumans walk the earth today? What would you say if I were to tell you that you probably know one or two of them? Well, you do. They live in public as doctors and teachers, actors and comedians, authors and scientists. They weren’t developed in a laboratory but grew organically, a genetic mutation of the human race.
Better than a choir singing out,singing out.
-I own: yes, TV recording
I hope you know somebody loves you
(i) The Instruamental Dimension
After a rough couple of days of being sick and then watching my favorite hockey team, the Boston Bruins, get eliminated in Game 7 of their Eastern Conference Quarter-Final match-up against Washington last night, I'm hoping a pack of hockey cards will help to cheer me up. I always keep a stack of 10 or so packs in my card closet for a rainy day, and this one's been there for at least a couple of years now. I don't particularly care for this set, and I don't even recall buying the pack. It's a hobby pack, so I must have picked it up at the shop when I was grabbing supplies or something. Anyway, 8 cards included, here we go...
Look tired of his antics
Outraged readers of Sarawak Report have been queuing up to dish the dirt on BN’s Dirty Datuks over the past few days.
The way you sneak cookies and then tell me "Don't wuh-wy Mom. I'm doin' nuffin."
The problem with this idea, is that it was just an idea. I didn’t have a real coherent concept behind it, so while I could come up with a couple of cute quips, I was basically doing what I was criticizing. There wasn’t any real insight to what I was writing, so I was just super rambling and unfocused. It never really came together
And what would Nehru do in this new era?
and we paint our faded love on its aging wall.
Since my Mother of the Groom dress was a Jasmine/Jade design dress, I decided to concentrate on their web site. I loved the teal color of the dress in the middle, but again, it had a bolero jacket. I just don't think a bolero style jacket is complimentary to a plus size woman. The jacket is meant to be removed after the wedding ceremony, but I would want to keep it on all evening to hide my less than toned arms, and it doesn't look very comfortable to me. I liked the style of the other Jade dresses in the collage above that short sleeves, but I knew I'd have to try them on to see how they would look on me.
“Nope. They are very similar. I figure if I am an illegal, and can’t speak English, I can’t comprehend what my customers are saying, and if I am Mrs Bates, I sure as hell don’t have any clue about anything. But I think I would look smashing with a wig and knife. So, I guess my mind is made up.”
*Pattern Paper: unknown
I would suffer in place of them.
1990: 1037.7 OG
Workshop Operator Fails In Bid To Embarrass Guan Eng – Thursday, 12 January 2012 06:38 – Bernama
With nothing between him, and everything that made me a woman, except a loosely tied piece of terrycloth...............
Today is the day before Chinese New Year. Happy CNY!
MATHEMATICS:
For fast the night approaches
For the recipes: The lilikoi curd was simple enough. It was a recipe from Martha Stewart and although Martha and I don't always see eye to eye, I've made this recipe before and it's good. The white cake recipe took a little longer to narrow down. In the end, I chose one from Baking Illustrated from the wonderful people at Cook's Illustrated. I didn't have time to test each recipe and just wanted something I could count on. For the buttercream, I used a recipe from Smitten Kitchen. I ended up choosing this recipe because Deb used this for a wedding cake that she made and it worked well for her. She also had the recipe scaled for a wedding cake so I didn't have to do any calculations.
I always say my kids outfits that they pic for the first day of school & Easter
This was a parent saying this about his son who just finished high school and wants to do something else before spending another 2 to 4 years in an institution. He meant he might discover a passion- something that he might really get into and love and enjoy and that will consume his life because it thrills him so much. He might even make a living out of it. He might even help others through this interest. But -no. Oh no. He won't be 'educated.'
The others had long since settled for plain black coffee, and given up on the idea of ice-cream, when a cup was delivered with some whipped cream floating on top; but, to judge by the expression on her face, the lady in question clearly felt she needed a rather stronger slug of whiskey in it.
Back home from Scotland, a place I normally avoid for fear of being nipped by icy breezes and accosted by intoxicated natives. It was only the lure of a cultural festival featuring artists such as Miss Behave, Mrs Bang and Ms American Cougar that tempted me to venture into Haggis Territory.
To learn more about the book A Radical Idea by David Platt visit the Multnomah Publishing Website. http://waterbrookmultnomah.com/
I think very few teachers will admit they aren’t, but look at it this way, if we know, we don’t want to admit it but we know, that it’s impossible for every person to have a creative job just because there aren’t creative jobs for everyone, so if we know that and we are increasingly producing lessons to stimulate the creative mind (let’s say because we think this is a preparation for the adult life and that it inevitably consists of some kind of job, so they need to be creative), aren’t we forgetting about the other half of the population who won’t have, or don’t want, creative jobs and in fact need other things in order to succeed?
This is one of those stores with ironic letterpress cards, decorative owls, twine, striped paper straws, and notebooks for sale with tiny bikes on the cover. I would love to hate this place for being so obviously cute and vintage and campy, but I don't. Instead, I love everything about it. It's the perfect store to buy something small, like a stationary set with French words on the packaging or kitchy buttons that say "Happy Birthday! Today is your Day!" or "One Year Wiser". Even the guy behind the counter was so nice, helpful, and normal. He wrapped the present for Madeline. I could have spent some more time exploring this tiny store. Shamelessly, I'll be back.
I made this card for my neighbor who watched our cats while we went camping.. I am late...again!!! The vertigo I had that week kind of threw everything back a bit. It takes me a good week to get my bearings again after these episodes so.............I am late in getting my thank you....but hopefully she will think this card is worth the wait???!!!!
I didn't get to try all the beers I had hoped to at yesterday's UNICO Microbrew Festival. I missed out on the Boulevard Dubbel Nommo, the New Belgium Super Cru and the Green Flash Summer Saison. But I also didn't walk away with double vision and a splitting headache the next day, so there's that.
After the show, we went to McMenamins for more drinks and some food, but it was getting late and we were getting tired. Walking back to my old roommate’s apartment (because I wasn’t walking back to mine by myself), we encountered a group of drunk guys fighting (not going to lie, it was quite frightening) and luckily I was able to get a ride home, so I didn’t have to worry about running into more drunk people.
How can leaders fill others with courage?
a) Tom smoking
- All the kids had whooping cough. Sian ended up in hospital with complications and pneumonia.
“Yes, just for Christmas,” he said. “I like the peace on the wards. Is there anything I can do for you while I’m here?”
Where are they? I cannot see them and panic.
Here is my Recipe for baked gujiya
Movement: None that I felt, but after seeign the ultrasound, I know Peanut is a mover.
Late at night on March 31st, place a few drops of green food coloring into the milk carton. When someone goes to pour milk into their cereal or coffee in the morning, they will think the milk is terribly, terribly bad.
Know when you sell: resist bombarding your recipient with deals, promises, customer testimonials or pricing information. B2B email marketing differs from B2c email marketing as the recipient is really a business, not really a consumer. Both in b2b and b2c email marketing, you ought to write the niche line that comprise a compelling message for the audience and deliver it inside the right voice.
2. A maid
There’s more detail later about creating strategies. First, we’d like to lay out the general concepts, and get more specific in the chapter Create Social Computing Strategies on page 75.
Following a successful 2010 campaign, Rebellion Racing today confirmed the suspicions of many within the sportscar racing fraternity. During a press release, the Swiss team publicly announced the formation of a technical partnership with Toyota Motorsport.
Please excuse my awkward before picture! I meant to take a composed picture but realized right as I was about to get shampooed and transform into a wet dog that I forgot to take this said fancy before picture! eeek! So what do I do? I whip out my phone and take the picture at the last possible second like the true procrastinator I am. I guess looking like a total dweeb is the cost of procrastination. oh wells!
Where is your water?
Where would we be if Moses hadn’t written his history of the world, those first five vital books of the Old Testament? He had the background, the data, the record, and the inclination, and he has blessed us throughout the eternities for the service he rendered in writing the first five books of the Bible.
Ahh, it's like a comfortable old slipper ... filled with pipe tobacco, smelly chemistry experiments, and a violin waiting to be played.
Grease or spray a baking dish. Add the dough to the baking dish, flattening it and stretching it out to fit the dish. Cut the dough into 8 strips and then in half to make 16 thick ribs. (Note: if you want the ribs thin, this is enough dough to fill 2 baking sheets. If you want them thick, it is enough for one).
I can't help but smile widely.
Siobhan Harvey / Paula Green: Crosswinds & Sonja Yelich: Clung / 117-18
In a previous post (http://expatiallymexico.wordpress.com/2012/04/02/magical-weight-loss-or-what/) I already told you about Auri’s diet strategies: eat pure aloe vera in the morning, and you won’t feel hungry for the rest of the day. Or drink a juice out of cactus, parsley, celery, aloe and grapefruit and the pounds will magically disappear. So far, no magic has happened to our housekeeper, but you never know… It might just take some time.
Escaping deeper into my breathing and concentrating on every breath I wondered what it would be like if I added sound to the breath. Around me the scene had a tone. Not being a musician I didn’t know what the note, key or harmonic was. But in my exhales I matched the tone and the harmonic that I felt. IN a short period of time the tone I emitted was in complete harmony with the tone coming from the life around me.
While I was out a kindly postman delivered a small minidisc recorder together with a microphone which the Archive Group are going to use to develop a library of oral history. It will take a bit of getting used to so I am not expecting to be bored any time soon.
She was born Bessie Wallis Warfield in either June 1895 or 1896 in Pennsylvania. There is speculation that she was born before her parents were married. In any event, her father died shortly after she was born. For the first few years of her life, she was raised in Baltimore, Maryland, in modest circumstances, having to depend on the charity of her wealthy uncle, Solomon Warfield.
This galvanized metal 3-tier stand from Pottery Barn is a favorite storage item in my craft room. It totally works with my *out in the open* method of storage. And going vertical is a great way to add storage to your crafting space. Whether it's stacking units, bins, baskets or shelves...use that vertical space to utilize more of your craft space real estate.
24 CARROT KID
I’ll ajar doors open
Eventually, the best way of getting rid of pimples is to not let them happen at all. This involves keeping your face clean and wearing a make up which is less oily. Never ever keep make up overnight, wash it off with mild soap or a face wash.
And a sound of water that gushes,
Iván Meade – Your blog is a great window into the everyday life of Michael Devine. What made you decide to start blogging and what has your response been like?
5. Then agitate the stripper along the edges using the edging tool. Continue by infilling the main traffic areas.
They say the Afghan Taliban have grassroots support in the south and southeast, and the movement is a reaction to the lack of Pashtun representation. But they also say the Afghan Taliban are a genuine resistance force fighting an ideological war against foreign invasion. The two views do not coincide.
Nikolay Medtner
“No,” he persisted, “you’re beautiful and I’m in love with you.”
5. Its a tragedy to keep your happiness to yourself and heartbreaking to not allow your friends to help you bear your sorrows.
Been in a bit of a funk of late – thankfully not for lack of good people around me. There’s just this sort of self-starting internal glumness that settles in now and then, accompanied by a bit of writer’s block (if I may be so bold as to call myself a “writer” for hell’s sake) and no matter whom you’re around or where you go, the pervasive gloominess hangs on for some reason.
Today’s reading discusses a heresy known as “Arianism.” It is so called because Arius denied the deity of Christ. He “relied too much on the human experience of sonship to illustrate the relationship of the Son to the Father.” He claimed that God the Father existed before God the Son and that the Father created the Son as the first act of creation, before all other creatures. This makes the Son just a creature. However, the early church understood that the Son, if not fully God, could not possibly “mediate salvation to us.” Using the above quoted passage (through verse 18), “the early church affirmed the full deity of the second person of the Trinity.” The question was settled at the Council of Nicea in AD 325. This heresy is still alive in some groups today, such as Jehovah’s Witnesses. There may be some Christians who also believe that Jesus is “less God” than the Father. “But we must always be clear that the Father, Son, and Spirit are fully equal as to their essence.”
I put multiple projects on the page by following these steps for each project. Just remember to eliminate the space between each picture's HTML code. So the end of one code and the beginning of the next code should look like this -
2. I looove to paint! When I’m not doing oil paintings I’m usually trying my hand at mixed media. Either way, it’s not uncommon to walk in my studio and see paint and paper everywhere
Color is found everywhere we go and in everything we do. Color can tell a lot about a person’s personality or what kind of mood they are in. Most people have a favorite color or two, and some people do not like certain hues. Here are some things to consider when decorating a room or just picking out clothing:
Goodness knows, South Africa desperately needs a new leadership. And it is to the ANC we must look for that leadership. That’s just the way it is at this stage of the game. We can only hope that Mangaung provides it.
he tried another poem
Ail ou radis ?
Bambootility Shop Featured Clients:
This last saturday I went into my 3rd Warmahordes tournament ever. It was a kickass 15pts tourney with one list and no restrictions. Needless to say there was so much crazy stuff and combos it was pure fun.
168Shades ev'ry flow'r, and darkens ev'ry green,
Rules: You must follow my blog publicly on google friend connect in order to enter. Put your email address in your comment if it's not visible on your blogger profile. Leave a separate comment for each entry you complete. No PO Boxes and contiguous US addresses only. Giveaway ends 3/30/12 at 7 PM EST. I will use random.org to select the winner and I will notify the winner via email. Winner will have 72 hours to respond with their shipping address. If I do not get a response in time I will have to choose another winner.
Home schoolers free to teach own views on gays or abortion, Alberta government says
The extremely fine print running along the left side of the photo is Matt's cheeky idea of a copyright notice: "unauthorized duplication is a) probably impossible to prove in court b) rather passé, don't you think? c)exciting and rebellious."
Ebbett’s Good to Go is on our way to OTG: 5th & Minna, SF! 11-2 w/ chili-lime steak, chix with bacon & buttermilk slaw, Cubans, Asian tofu, pickles & brownie bites!
The waitress behind the counter walked over and took our orders. I made a quick decision for my order since I didn't have an opportunity to read the menu. The waitress retreated back to the kitchen to place our orders.
01. Listen To Her Heart
I brought my daughter to the Sun-Times show on Friday night. I told her as we were walking down the aisles of the show that she has been with me to many card shows...even when she was just a baby. In fact, I think we took her to a card shop before heading home from the hospital that first night we brought her home (had to get those last few cards from 2000 Topps that were saved for me).
It's as if I had seen this scene.
I discovered that it's fun to let go and allow other artists to take my work and play with it. Sean, the playwright, the lyricist, the composer, and the actors have made my books into something bigger than I envisioned. So, it's also humbling.
so many other things going on.
I’m having lunch all week with different UK editors—some in the children’s world and some in the adult world. I’ll start blogging about any interesting tidbits I discover tomorrow. I didn’t want there to be too much distance between when I discussed Janice’s original query and the letter I submitted to Donna. We had actually talked about this project a month or two before I submitted it. If memory serves, I was sitting at Donna’s table at Book Expo when I first pitched her this project.
OK...OK...OK.. I GUESS I COULD HAVE A GIVEAWAY.... LEAVE ME A COMMENT AND I'LL RANDOMLY PICK THE NAMES OF 2 LUCKY PEOPLE AND SEND THEM THE WHOLE NEW FALL COLLECTION (that's 5 patterns - how cool)!! GOOD LUCK AND HAPPY COMMENTING!
“I’m concerned about your arrival. I loved you before you are born but don’t you worry, I won’t follow people’s paths of caging children masked in protection. For even though everything about you is tiny: your size, experience and ability of expression, you are still a human and humans despise to be controlled. I will not abuse your smallness in an inhumane treatment. If I could, I would let you share in all decisions related to you.”
Yep, your house gets the 7 year itch too. This can also be a symptom of why relationships experience it too. We can feel something is not right and it can quite often be our physical environment. If you have not moved in 7 years your home is likely bulging at the seams. This means every closet, cupboard, crawlspace, drawer and shelf is filled to capacity and needs a good once over. Depending on the square feet and working with a Professional Organizer your home can be decluttered in about 3 days.
Publication Date: December 14, 2011
Blog Tours.
But best of all was the warm thick slobber
Frustration just drained into my blood. I needed to get away from my humid and sticky apartment and get my final paper for a class written, so I drove to Starbucks, ordered a Vanilla Rooibos Tea, opened up my computer, got out my folder that had the instructions for the final in it and…. no paper. Son of a… And I’m not about to pack up my stuff, drive home, get my paper, and drive back out here. Is that being stubborn? Lazy? Maybe.
pink lipstick and raven hair.
02 The Lie
The copyright-in-silence litigation over John Cage’s composition “4’33”” has long made a great yarn. 4’33” was composed in 1952, contains three movements, and can be played by any instrument. The score simply instructs performers not to play their instrument for the duration of the piece. While it’s often described as a “silence” piece, in reality it consists of ambient noise – the shuffling and whispering and shifting that inevitably occurs when you have a concert hall full of people watching musicians not play their instruments.
Col 1:13-23 –
I use the Logos Bible App daily. It is the best app for reading books, although the books must be purchased through the Logos or Vyrso store. There is no import function for Kindle books or other e-reader formats at this time. While this seems like a negative, the Logos Library is rich in material for biblical studies. If a book is available in Logos and Kindle, I will always choose Logos version. This is primarily because Logos books have real page numbers (not “locations”) and the footnotes appear at the bottom of the page you are currently reading. Logos has an excellent note-taking system with a wide variety of highlighting features. Notes I make on my iPad are automatically saved online, and they are immediately available on my desktop version of Logos. I have several notes files for various topics (Gospel of John, for example), and as I read I add highlights and annotations. I can cut and paste these notes into my word processor when I am reading to write.
Well, Saturday afternoon the winds started picking up here in Dallas. It never really rained in our neck of the woods that day and even when we went to bed that night it was still dry. By the time we both woke up think the rain hadn’t fully started until it was time to actually drive down to Fair Park. But enough about that let’s just cut to the chase. Here’s how Big D Half went for each of us…
Yeah, I might skip that in the middle of the floor.
All you have to do to get the $99 kit is go to my website and Hit the “Join the Fun” tab on the top right. Remember this starts May 1st. If you would prefer to get the older Starter Kit for $175 and receive more product , you have to do that before the end of the month. I know decisions-decisions!!
The second half, which is where the great teaser is extracted from, to a certain extent rehashes those parts of the story inspired by, and to be fair plainly acknowledged in its title, from Tom Godwin’s widely anthologised classic science fiction story of the same name. First published in 1954 and reprinted frequently ever since, it is also about the tough decisions made on a spaceship with regards to ejecting cargo to ensure the survival of the maximum number of people where air is in short supply. The main set-piece in the play sees Steven sticking his hand out into the vacuum of space (apparently without it freezing and falling off …) to help take part in what can best be described as a game of six dimensional billiards to try to save the TARDIS and those stranded on the satellite and the escape module as the air supply starts to really run out. This part of the story is well in keeping with the educational ethos of the Hartnell era as we got lengthy explanations of the laws of physics in space, though this does work pretty well in fact.
Here are the scanned images of the front of the book and of the first two pages (Sara created teh map cover and back and I did all the inside work - I love her sewn together book):
Another Birthday. Last night we celebrated my FIL’s birthday. The entire family couldn’t attend though since the kids have after school activities; Julian has baseball practice and Sabrina has tennis. Awww… So we’re going to do the real celebrating on Sunday, though I feel all celebrated out. HA!
1 Camille Beckman Sugar Cane Body Polish in Fragrance "Mango Beach" - #3 seller nation wide - its an exfoliate made with sugar cane rather than a salt scrub
This story can’t be completely told, by the way, without mentioning the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, an elaborate scheme set up by the U.S. government to insulate pharmaceutical companies from lawsuits that should have been filed by all the parents of children damaged by vaccines. Think about this: Vaccines are so dangerous that the U.S. government had to set up an extra-constitutional court system just to make sure the American people can’t seek justice against Big Pharma!
-Tim A. Blankenship
In light of this finding, the Board declined to consider the "ornamental" isse.
Now feeling neat.
Hardly aware of her departed lover; 250
Here's their 'catchy' email:
Surgeons digressions.
Orange Picker Affiliated 3 Complete Orange Picker Affiliated 2 with 100 oranges in 30 seconds
Moral: No good deed goes unpunished.
It is now Nova or nothing. Hopefully there will be a silver lining to this decidedly dark spring.
Her 12 month stats are:
I just wanted to let you know we have picked our top 5 over at Fashionista, and now its time to vote, vote, vote! Its so exciting, you can vote your pick for the people choice winner from our top picks and if you vote you also get the chance to win a prize yourself - How fabbo is that!!
Q – Does corruption exist in the manner alleged by the government’s critics?
On Saturday night I was doing the washing up and happened to glance out of the window to see a sliver of new moon like a smile (or a cereal bowl) in the night sky. Aha, Silent Sunday! I thought and rushed to get my camera. However, on posting the picture, there was more to it than I had originally realized.
AIRI SAITOH
Jack – The Emperor of New London
However, it cannot be deemed as the collaboration of the United States and India. India has been pursuing the independent foreign policy and mainly considers its own interests. It is hard to imagine that India will completely follow the foreign policies of the United States. India has an all-round diplomatic policy and it both maintain relations with the United States and takes much count to the relations with other countries. India always keeps a close contact with Russia, Japan and the European Union countries and its relation with China is also positive.
The class is like a mini art class about landscape painting, we just happen to be working in wool creating felt. For me this hybrid felt is very much like the process I was doing when illustrating. The wet felting gives the look of the watercolor under-paintings that I started the illustrations with. I would then further develop and add detail to the piece with colored pencil which in this case is the needle felting. I start the class with a long (I try not to be too long winded) lecture about the basics of rendering a landscape; things that would apply to any colored medium. I teach how our use of color, value, line, and perspective can give a great sense of depth to a painting. I discuss how to look at the inspirational photo and break it down into simplified masses and how to truly see what is there. My greatest wish is for students to leave with a new way of seeing. I then talk about how the use of wool and various fibers and the felting techniques can be used to create something very unique in landscape rendering. The felt itself is more than just a flat canvas; the surface of the felt can be built up much more than if we were just using layers of paint. Students do the wet felting on the first day and then make changes and add details with the felting needle on the second day. Students may not leave with a finished piece but they have the basic knowledge of how to render a landscape.
Our friends have asked about a memorial for her. Katie thought that a gift to the Thoroughbred Retirement Foundation program in Kentucky would be best. They find homes for retired race horses…the ones that didn’t bring in the big bucks and are often discarded without care. Connie loved horses and we’ll think of her every time our big beasts run across the front pasture.
These questions and contemplations could go on and on--I think you get the idea. You could write an entire book about this stapler or come up with countless articles and stories about it. And that was just the first thing I saw on my desk. As cluttered as my desk tends to be, I potentially have a lifetime of writing at arms reach.
Mirrored with permission from :
The Dutchess opened...and there a strange black statue with icicles sticking out fell over the threshold....CLOINK.......!!!
So, please read below, and let's jump into the Preface and Chapter 1!
In other words, the Muse is bullshit.
My parents do not go to church or ever talk about God.
So I was worrying about this necklace, agonizing over how I was going to force myself to work on it. I had been making all sorts of promises (and threats) to myself - just do an inch, come on now - just an inch a day! But I just couldn't. And since I had vowed not to start anything else, I have had the most unproductive 8 days of my beading life - I have gotten nothing done, creatively. I have balanced the books, vacuumed, dusted, cleaned the bathroom, played on the computer (Pinterest, I'm looking at you!) - but no jewelry design! I even had to tackle a huge pile of do-over jewelry (repairs) one day last week, and I actually got up and moved to a whole other table, with a brand spanking clean bead mat, bringing all my tools with me, since there was no room on my own workbench! Sad.
Ever since I have been a mother, I have LOATHED winter.
“This is a problem with their military culture where they think the senior commander should be at the front,” a military official said.
1. The petition for certiorari in G.R. No. 167707 is GRANTED and the Court of Appeals Decision in CA-G.R. CV No. 71118 REVERSED AND SET ASIDE.
I am hoping the hubby and kids build us a trellis for beans this weekend with scrap wood we have. This was a fun idea I found in family fun magazine.
The first strip was the deep cream of oiled wool, and fortunately a skein of Blue-faced Leicester, which I had in store, was a similar cream, although a lighter weight. For the contrasting colour, I reclaimed the wool from the giant Starmore Aran that I had made for my husband, but which had never been worn.
I really liked it!
(iv) God’s creation should not be given any of His attributes
Writing fiction based on true events? I spent most of late last night and today researching this issue and to my absolute relief I found this very interesting post entitled “Could I be Liable for Libel in Fiction?”on the blog Rights of Writers.
Jagan Nathan Vamanan, M.D. (India)
Lots of pizza places now have gluten-free options or even flours made from protein and iron-rich chickpea flour. Go cheese-less and add lots of veggies. Or choose a salad option with an olive oil-based dressing. Many of the major pizza chains can put any kind of cooked veggies offered on pizza in your salad as well. Many of the airport chains have at least five great salads to choose from.
I've been missing my Mom a lot lately. We've all been busy and I haven't talked to her as often as I would have liked, in the past few weeks. With Mother's Day just around the corner, it's making me even more sentimental, because I truly can't remember the last I was with Mom, on Mother's Day. Hubby being in the restaurant business, is always responsible for making everyone elses Mother's Day special and often as a result, we miss out on celebrating our own mothers. If I were able to spend the day with Mom, I surely wouldn't let her set foot in the kitchen. She would find it hard, but I she would have the day off and I would try to treat her with delicious meals, all day long. After church, I would pour her a cup of coffee and start on Sunday brunch. Perhaps these Blintzes would make an appearance, with some bacon, scrambled eggs and fresh fruit.
_______________
Different types of Parenting and its Effects:
Well, I am finally here with a card, when Kezia first came home although she took up a lot of time, she would sleep for periods of 4-6 hours, however that very quickly changed !!!!! I started this card, and it took me 2 days just to get it coloured and cut out!! eventually after 4 days, of just giving it 10 min here and there I finally got it done! ...... I think all these topper kits that I keep obsessively buying and never using, my finally get an airing out of necessity!! LOL!!
No one wants to buy unregistered land because of the time and costs involved in verifying ownership.
“I read your poem.” Silence – biting her bottom lip, trying to think of something more to say… time crept by, and each excessive tick of her mental clock brought more red into Beth’s face.
2) You know when you think of Angkor Wat and it's all about hacking thru the jungle and finding this immense lonely place of romantic solitude and it's just you and the ancient ruins and the trees and the monks and you can be all Indiana Jones and shit? Try it tihis way instead: It's you and the ttrees and the ruins and ONE MILLION FRIGGING KOREANS ALL GETTING IN YOUR GODDAMN WAY AND CRAWLING ALL OVER THE TEMPLES RUINING EVERY SHOT YOU TRY TO GET. Angkor is the new Disneyland of ancient sites. ANd we hit it directly on the Cambodian new Year celebration and so the Cambodians ALL go out there to celebrate and have picnics...so it was crowded beyond belief. Trafffic jams, masses of people everywhere, mayhem and madness. We did have a few magical moments of solitude and wonder (mostly when the tour groups were having their lunches at the hottest time fo the day, so we traded sweat for peace), but 85% off the time we were just trying to get around the damn crowds.
I'll see you soon...or at least soon-ish. Expect good things to come. But for now, I'm gonna do some relaxation stuff. I need it.
Like Barnard, Naki suddenly found himself besieged by journalists, accompanied by glory and fame that likewise came out of the blue. In recognition of this contribution and for his role leading up to the first heart transplant, the University of Cape Town conferred an honorary degree on Naki, the first time in its history it had ever done so for someone without an academic background. Thabo Mbeki awarded him the most important national order.
So I search for amrita
Even now she has night terrors and asks every night to make sure no one comes into the home.
but i am grateful for this weather. i am so grateful for a mild winter. this winter we came into prepared enough but not completely comfortable with the housing and pens we had set up for the animals. neither of us were totally sure how things would work out. and now because of the lack of snow our chickens are still able to go outside. bella has been able to spend all but a handful of nights sleeping at the mouth of the pigs' hut. we haven't had any problems with frostbite on the roosters' combs. we haven't had to visit the farm in the middle of the night to stoke the woodstove.
Hope you all had a wonderful weekend! Ours was pretty low-key. My husband (bless his heart), painted the baby's nursery. It has taken 2 coats so far and we still need a third. We are going from bright blue and white stripes to a very soft pink. And note to self, don't listen to the paint store lady who tells you to get the paint with primer already in it...I don't think it works at all.
Mr. Gold’s posting has brought out a myriad of emotions in all of us, and has affected not only the trans-identified community, but also those who are our true allies (some who are gay, lesbian, bi or hetero-identified).
If that weren't enough....which is usually the case the me, later that day I got an email from Classmates dot com that said my high school yearbook (1977) was available for viewing. I lost my yearbook in 1978 when I went to Idaho. I asked everyone I knew that had one and they lost theirs over the years as well. I tried contacting the high school but the school merged years ago with another and they had no old yearbooks. So for 34 years I've been trying to get a hold of it. Sure enough, I went onto Classmates and someone had scanned in the entire year book from 1977. I couldn't believe it. I saw my picture and showed it to Bruce. and as I was scrolling through, I saw a picture of our football team scoring the winning touch down at the Thanksgiving Day game against our rivals. Here's the pic...
I enjoyed this novel so much more than I liked the first one in the series, The Goddess Test. I felt I got the know the characters and the motivations behind their actions a lot more in this one – maybe it’s because now we were in on the secret of just who each of the members of Henry’s family were.
Especially in the new environment college has to offer. What I don’t understand is why some individuals feel the need to do the most to become part of a certain group in campus organizations. We have seen and still see headlines of students dying because they drank too much water or consumed copious amounts of alcohol to the point of death and relate this back to fraternity hazing. The general public assumes all hazing is coming from “frats”. Fraternities have been known to haze members before one can become a brother of the organization. Society gets this stereotypical image of a frat because of Animal House. What we don’t see is that all types of organizations from band to dance teams are hazing members before they can become “official” members. It is a right of passage and usually the tradition was passed from generations before.
Sport Relief Mile (Running) 25.3.2012
Dream New Dreams: It’s time to dream again
It is a very good example of one of the problems in modern America. People decide everyone else's business is theirs and think if they make enough noise they will get their way, even when it is not their tax money at stake, their job, their community, their state. At least ninety percent have not read whatever legislation is on the board.
Hopefully I'll have a meeting which will sort out a decent webpage for the event and will be able to bounce ideas of someone else.
Crazy, crazy, crazy. But true. I woke up today and thought about it in the shower and while I brushed my hair. I was even motivated to scoop up a big load of laundry. That is huge because the last few days were so emotionally gut wrenching for me I could barely motivate myself out of bed let alone doing the household chore I detest most.
I did. And I really tried to be normal! I did all the things I thought you were supposed to do, and still I felt out-of-place and unhappy. How do all the people around me manage this, I thought? What am I doing wrong?
Cardstock: PTI - White; Stampin' Up - Basic Black, Pixie Pink
It is wise for any traveler to be well verse in the wide range of words and phrases if one is not they run the risk of looking like a tosser = wanker = idiot.
Every summer I think how can I possibly make it through another summer in Texas? It seems worse every year. I become a hermit, hiding out during daylight hours and constantly searching for things to make the heat more tolerable. I'm not one of those women who "glows" or "glistens" or any of that. I sweat. I sweat a lot. Dancing in milongas, especially barely-air-conditioned milongas, becomes almost more effort than it's worth.
When I asked for some people to guest post this week, I was pretty excited when a new friend, Christy of Christy Foreman Photography, emailed me to say she'd love to post. I recently "met" Christy online through a mutual photography friend, Amanda of Amanda Buechler Photography and lilian.grace, and I thought it would be great to have someone from a different branch of the arts world share some of her thoughts here. plus, I just love Christy's photos! Here are a few of my recent faves:
2 stopping
Speaking of fall, it used to be my favorite season. Halloween. Leaves changing colors. Thanksgiving. Black Friday. What's not to love about it? That is until I grew up and learned how much I actually loathe winter. Then fall became nothing more than a warning sign of cold death to follow... kinda like when a seagull flies out to sea to die or when someone gets the whooping cough.. always ends poorly. Then it's month after month of bitter, bitter cold. Needless to say, Spring will forever dominate as season of the year in my book.
A quiet day in Oban
This automaton has read and comprehended enough of Auster’s own logic to find what it thinks are some real problems. It has expressed opinions using Auster’s own terminology and asked him for clarification. Surely such a lowly automaton could be easily corrected.
Charlotte: You have had sex before haven’t you?
The adjacent Guinness Storehouse is Dublin's No. 1 tourist attraction. The converted brewing factory is a seven-story Guinness museum, the topmost of which is home to the Gravity Bar, where visitors can get a free pint of "the black stuff," as the dark Guinness stout is known.
Describing her style is difficult, she has such a unique touch in my opinion. All I can say is that her attention to details, her use of whimsy and colors are incredible. Visiting her blog always bring a smile to my face.
ABV=6.681%
I thought I'd mention that I started participating in Cathy Zielske's Move More, Eat Well class this week. I'm not a very good student. I think it's hard for me to be motivated mostly because I don't need to lose weight. However, I definitely DO need to exercise more and eat a lot healthier than I do. I'm now 35 years old and starting to both look and feel my age, which I don't like. I also have a 5-year-old son who I probably need to start setting a better example for. So, yeah. Old habits die hard. And my theory is they die harder when there's very little extrinsic motivation (such as the need to lose weight) to kill them. (especially when it's not really socially acceptable for a thin girl to talk about these things as if they were a "struggle". I get that). Moving on.
The public would not know how much gold was there — and the actual depositories would be guarded and protected with lethal force.
This gem staring a very young Val Kilmer has been all but forgotten, which is sad.
(Michael Sutton, allmusic.com)
You're a guitarist, but listening to your demo songs there are also other instruments. Is it all you or have other musicians been involved too?
I tried to call Cynthia, but couldn’t make the connection. I took the elevator to the lobby, where Hugh was waiting. I thought he knew. He didn’t. I had to break the news to him.
The reason this subject is in my mind is because at a recent YLG Conference in Northern Ireland I was doing a two-hander with the wonderful Sally Gardner on the subject of dyslexia. Sally, author of I, Coriander and The Red Necklace etc enlightened us with personal experience while I talked about the inspiration for and writing of Whispers in the Graveyard. Although this book is not an historical novel the story relies on past events, specifically the burning of a witch. About the time I was writing the book a ring road was under construction in my home town and it was necessary to move the interred bodies out of an old graveyard which lay in the path of the new road.
Self:(lips pursed, wincing visibly)Well done....!
Each and every time, as we drove to the bank, Dad would
Being a child of the 80's, I was intrigued by all the history about the 60's and 70's in this book. It was very enlightening and I learned so much.
Using the Baby Signs® Program gives babies a way to “talk” with their parents, before they can talk. Babies can communicate about the world around them, long before they have mastered their verbal speaking skills!
Alan's eyes are simultaneously opened and blinded on the day he is released from his cave: the day in Copenhagen when he meets a young German woman named Käthe (or maybe Karin, depending on when your copy of the book was published). She's captivating and alluring and is the most beautiful woman Alan has ever seen. And, what do you know? She actually falls for him, too.
* Colleen Camp as Angela Shan
The second video is of a child who was impaled. They had a Libyan Flag flying at their home and were targeted as Kaddafi supporters. It speaks for itself.
3D Play will be a scientific, philosophical and art historical examination of three-dimensionality in contemporary Western culture. The works would be inspired by the history of projection devices such as the stereoscope, holograms, 1 and 2 point perspective, colour splitting and illusion and the mono-focal versus the bi-focal.
1082 D-IX/16/1990. “Ethnicity and Patriotism.” Greek-American Community Services of Chicago and the Illinois Endowment for the Humanities, Copernicus Center, Chicago, Illinois.
The studio got cleaned up and moved around a bit, now there is no place for Talor to destroy. She keeps coming in trying to find something to knock over or climb on. Nothing. Except for the plant. lol But she has learned fast not to jump up to it.
Series VII: 523-587 This series is the rarest and carries a premium.
I also had some stickers made.
Moderator: TBA
Back in 2007, Dragonstar and I went to our first Live & Learn Unschooling Conference, run by the indomitable Kelly Lovejoy.
De Molen - Bring It On!!!
For the creative person, lack of production is an affliction. The good news is my avocation (information junkie) has stood me in good stead. Recently, I discovered an excellent blog written by Jeff Goins, whose boyish smile (in the blog masthead) only hints at the deeper insight about which he so capably writes.
-About 11 tons of trash will be collected at the 24 fluid stations, much of it cardboard, plastic jugs and cups. The 24 station “captains” have more than 400 years of experience combined. Along the course, 137 bands (all vetted by New York Road Runners) will perform on dozens of stages. Runners can check their times on the 106 clocks on the course.
Guess it's time to dust off the blog.
it was someone . . .
I made this cute cake for my son's preschool holiday party. I am honestly so proud of it, it took about 6 hours total and turned out just as I had imagined it. The top tier of the cake was chocolate, bottom was vanilla. I made the little snowmen out of modeling chocolate, which is a dream to work with. The snowflakes were cut out of fondant and dusted with luster dust (also completely awesome).
Written, filmed, edited and directed by Silverchef Productions.
We are slowly getting settled in and wading through errands and red tape. We should get our teudot zeihut (citizen identity cards) by Wenesday, and that will hopefully smooth out some of the beurocratic obstacles. The kids start school September 1.
If you do decide to come back, I can’t deny I can change, but I will promise you that I will always be here for you. Always.
Bert nodded sagely. “Exactly.”
I decided to link up and share a few things about myself:
Other times, this tolerance can be quite terrible in effect. We are admonished to “understand” and “tolerate” and “uncover the truth behind” behaviour like drug-dealing and drug use, abuse, addiction, and other unacceptable societal problems. If I am free to do what enriches me, I am also free to become morbidly obese, hit and scream at my children, dress in scraps of clothing, smoke/drink/drug myself as I will, and generally do what I like unto death. Fortunate are those who have caring family members or friends who will intervene when tolerance is strained to the limits, but otherwise, others often will not say a word directly to the person concerned.
I can not believe it has been three an a half years since you left your earthly bounds......and how much it aches to not have your physical presence here.
I coloured digi stamps using promarkers for the football and 2 trophies, I also covered the trophies in glossy accents so they shine and tied little ribbons around their handles. The sentiment was cut from silver card using the Cuttlebug Typewriter die set.
all the way going back, i've been thinking,
How often do we think that everything’s going fine, with comments such as “I can cope!”, or “I’ve got this under control!” Sometimes we need to listen to the advice of those close to us, who can see things from a different perspective. Other people are there to share the burden with us (cf. Ephesians 6:2) – we don’t have to do it all alone! We would save ourselves from becoming overstretched and burnt out, and we would have God’s peace reigning in our hearts.
Of pure ablution round earth’s human shores,
Now, here is where a lot of my so-called Christian brethren, drop the ball. The only way for this freedom to work is for it to work for ALL. Just as it is wrong for Osama to tell me that I must be a Muslim, or that I must agree with his beliefs, it is also wrong for me to say someone must be a Christian or that they must agree with MY beliefs.
- Shoulder
children gathering them, laughing and having fun.
Hey all, well, I'm still here and baby boy is still cooking and appears to have no intention of going anywhere in the outside world fast!!! I am officially 38 weeks today and will see my dr. again tomorrow morning. I thought I had some contractions on Sunday but haven't felt anything since. I was actually in the pool and was somewhat bored so I started doing some squats and once I got out started having some cramping but once I laid down, they left me.. sooo... here I sit.. just waiting.
“Is that your own cello?”
Embryonic specialist Andres Carrasco decided to investigate the health effects of glyphosate for himself after hearing so many reports by desperate peasant and indigenous communities who were suffering from exposure to toxic herbicides. According to Dr. Carrasco, his studies show glyphosate exposure can cause defects in the brain, intestines, and hearts of amphibian fetuses, and these results can be applied to humans. Moreover, the amount of Roundup used on genetically engineered soy fields was as much as 1,500 times greater than that which created the defects.
I had originally envisioned this post being a compendium of the rehearsal tracks in question: two early lyric takes on "In A Lonely Place", three mostly-finished versions with the "final" lyric, and then the "Ceremony" rehearsal - all mastered for release. What surfaced on the official 12" was the next-but-last take of "IALP" and the previously-known "Ceremony" rehearsal, with the 12" leaving on the cutting room floor the other known takes of "IALP". We used the Recycle post to surface the full version of "IALP" as excerpted on the Heart and Soul box set, as a "bonus" to the tracks used on the 12".
My sister's jewelry and my little oil paintings and a tapestry. Love this birch stand made by Alan Mead (his work is at Orange River Arts and Laughing Raven Gift Shop downtown.)
Tate’s essay was written for the anthology, Who Owns America? the publication of which was utterly without effect. With other agrarian writings before and since, it took its place on the far margin of the national dialogue, dismissed as anachronistic, retrogressive, nostalgic, or (to use Tate’s own term of defiance) reactionary in the face of the supposedly “inevitable” dominance of corporate industrialism. Who Owns America? was published in the Depression year of 1936. It is at least ironic that talk of “effective property” could have been lightly dismissed at a time when many rural people who had migrated to industrial cities were returning to their home farms to survive.
And just plain exhausting.
Back to that lie that I had told myself about my medication making me not able to lose weight: I can tell you now, it was a complete and TOTAL LIE. I have lost weight… an amazing amount of weight, over 85 lbs., to be exact. I went from a size 14-16, to a size 6. As of right now, I have an amazing size 4 dress that’s waiting to be worn to my cousin’s wedding in March, and I WILL fit into it.
“I can’t make it out tonight, can we try for another night?” I texted Craig after my conversation with Meredith.
What you’ll end up with, if you’ve been good, is the failure of your reader to get to bed on time because they HAVE to know how it all ends.
And sometimes it needs a new set of strings.
Irwin DE, Savitz DA, St. André KA, Hertz-Picciotto J. Occupational risk factors for pregnancy-induced hypertension in active duty naval personnel. Am J Epidemiol 1992; 136: 1001-1002.
I've got in touch with my hop supplies (Charles Farams and Botanix) to find out which of the true Goldings varieties are sold today and they told me Cobbs, Mathons, Early Bird and perhaps a few Canterbury Whitebines, though both companies sell them as 'Goldings' and 'East Kent Goldings'.
Why listen to the people who say that dreams are unachievable?
today; live as the King that you are, issue decrees and see them come to pass.
Malaysia paid RM6.7 billion in 2009 for the two Scorpene submarines — Picture courtesy of shaktiraj25.blogspot.com
Over the past few seasons, Rutgers football started to cause a stir in the uniform world with some black alternate jerseys, but Tuesday, the Scarlet Knights took it to another level.
I spent lots of time in front of that peat fire, wrapped up in Irish wool,
And I am mad. So freaking mad.
Hello Delightful friends and family!
Then I went to NBC.com and was asked to fill out a survey. The worst thing was, I was instinctively inclined to say I didn't hate a lot of stuff I do hate because I was afraid everyone would say that. NBC and the internet would be forced to admit that no one likes shitty ads or exciting content on websites and no one buys anything because of a dumb commercial forcibly interrupting the videos they are watching. If anything it turns us against said product. It is something we deal with because it could be worse. They could realize how useless it is and they could make us pay for content. I love the internet, but nowhere near the amount required to willingly and directly pay for content. I don’t know if you look at content on the internet. You are right now. It’s not that great and there’s a ton of it.
Weyerbacher - Winter Ale
Directions: Fry the onions and ginger - till the onions are slightly caramelized and soft. Add in garlic, carrots, celery, barley and fry to combine. After about 5 minutes, add some water and allow it to simmer for about 10 minutes. When carrots and celery are slightly tender and barley is partially cooked, add the napa cabbage, tomatoes, mushrooms, more water, and simmer low heat about 15 minutes or more till more flavors develop. Salt and pepper to taste.
"It's always tempting to lift the company offshore," he said.
I think it’s supposed to be a reward for racing but it still tasted good.
Notes: You can add any nut of choice (walnuts, hazelnuts etc) right after mixing the flour. Just chop them up and fold it in.
By the way, J Crew has restocked these little gems, so they are back down to their $68 price tag instead of the $150 they were selling for on Ebay (don't worry, I was just stalking them for research purposes (c: )!
My challenge is finding a park that feels like the country, but that is close to conveniences. I want to be able to walk around town and check out the area. This is what I like about the Gulf Coast, many of the RV parks are close to the beaches and piers and I can spend hours walking around the area.
V/A - Rotten to the Core (SIN 1982, comp with Ism, Squirm, Butch Lust and the Hypocrites...)
I’ll plump for The Web of Fear though. Pulsating thriller set in the tunnels of the London Underground, with Yeti stalking, looking for prey. Oh, and green stuff on walls. Always good. Really threatening, close thriller which is captivating just from the soundtrack (only episode 1 still exists on film).
Indelible
The Threat Not Just to Japan But to the U.S. and the World
Everyone can GROW the FUCK UP, and quit bickering.
8) Wear a genuine smile (A cheerful look brings joy to the heart. Proverbs 15:30)
BUT either these will work out or I will donate them to a charity of some kind. Either way, I'm happy. It starts the year off good for me, and I'm pleased with that. PLUS, as a sweeper, we are kind of superstitious and feel that any win on a Monday (which is today) is good luck and means that you are likely to win another contest/sweepstakes before the end of the week.
see the owl/cat spirit rising as steam?
The paper is skating on thin ice with its use of the word ‘despite’ there: for any half-awake libel lawyer, there is a suggestion that the executives may have ‘edited’ the bags’ contents before the police arrived. But The Guardian was quick to add, ‘A few hours later, the police arrived and took the bags to Scotland Yard.’ Thus, any changes in the weight of the bags between the Newscorp swoop and the Met’s arrival will not be the subject of conjecture in the coming days.
This is maybe the 20th time I’ve played through this game, but perhaps the first time that I noticed it is considerably easier than Mega Man 1,2, or 3. Although there are the occasional cheap kills waiting over bottomless pits (definitely guilty in Dust Man’s stage where you have no prior warning), most of the enemies don’t seem to do a lot of damage and can’t stand up against the Mega Buster. There are, of course, 8 special weapons retrieved from each robot master stage. The problem here is that most of the weapons aren’t that useful compared to the a charged Mega Buster shot. I found myself using the special weapons very rarely. Of course, a bunch of the stronger enemies don’t seem to have enough life as they did in prior installments either, so perhaps the difficulty problem isn’t just related to charging up.
We had a beautiful Easter day celebrating Jesus' gift to us. Hope your Easter was just as lovely.
I went to the front desk and explained what happened and luckily they did give us a room (it would have been a long trip home!). We got the same type of room, same rate, but it was a handicapped accessible room. They probably hold those rooms back in case they are needed. I don't know yet if I got charged for our missed night. I had reserved the room with a card that I subsequently canceled (due to fraud). So I don't know if they would have been able to charge it or not.
The Good Cook
Where is the biggest Construction site in Romania?
HOURS AFTER THE ESTIMATED TIME OF ARRIVAL OR DAMAGING WAVES HAVE
tea on Tuesday!
In a medium sized pot, bring 2 quarts of lightly salted water to a boil. Cut potatoes into bite-sized chunks and add them to boiling water and cook for about 7 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, set aside.
1. It’s Flippin’ Gorge
punches (border/corner)
On November 5th, I got up early (5:15 am EST) to check the skies for this event. We had nothing but cloud cover. I was really bummed, but thankful I hadn't woken the girls so they could see "cloud cover".
I'm starting the new year off with a couple book reviews. This is more like what I'd intended the blog to be about, but I think I'll still keep up with writing updates as well from the ROW 80. Maybe a better blend of the old and new aims.
Hello dear friends ....
Drop me an e-mail at namlaitaisuan@gmail.com if you need any clarification or further information. Better yet, if you’d like to place an order to give our products a try.
By the way, have you noticed the new layout? Well you can thank Elton over at Elton Says Things for that. He created that nice spangled banner up there, which I feel has really livened this place up. In a show of appreciation, I urge you to visit his Blog which is really very, very good.
But for those who like contests, don't worry; we haven't abandoned them entirely. We still plan to hold one next year, one you all just might be interested in, so check out our next two issues to learn what we've got in mind. Our Spring/Summer issue is almost filled and will be launching in June, and as always, we're accepting art, poetry and flash fiction submissions on a rolling basis year-round.
ESCAPE!
What next? Death is coming quickly and I’m engulfed in painless warmth. Then with a flickering consciousness, I’m leaving my body. The fear is gone and I’m strangely emotionless.”
Second year- this is when the true managers in us came out. Or at least that’s what we thought! After grueling summer internships there was a mutual understanding in the majority of the batch that the last year of college should be dedicated to ‘fun’, with the placement week being the only exception to the rule! Dependence on medical certificates and wedding invitations increased and students would be seen playing in the field all day long and partying all night long. The sports fest, Chakravyuh, was simply phenomenal and had something in it for everyone!
My ten-year-old started jogging with me last fall. I made him a deal: run a mile and get unbound video time for the rest of the day. He’s a voracious reader and sporadic athlete, but lately his Wii alter egos could do anything but get him off the couch.
to think that Hadlee is getting to watch
The products used in the above cards are linked below (of course).
Do you know of other movies that feature letter carriers or postal workers? Tell me about them!
Progressive talking points!
So, once again, to quote more of those axed X Factor contestants, you haven't seen the last of Michelle Betham, Romance Author....
It represented Unknown worlds and collections.
Yukiko is a child of the Fox clan, possessed of a hidden gift that would see her executed by the Lotus Guild. Accompanying her father on the Shogun’s hunt, she finds herself stranded: a young woman alone in Shima’s last wilderness, with only a furious, crippled thunder tiger for company. Even though she can hear his thoughts, even though she saved his life, all she knows for certain is he’d rather see her dead than help her.
We go to the gym.
As a woman in the South after the Civil War, Scarlett O’Hara is often in danger, too. Her vulnerability makes our bad feelings for her soften at times (though she keeps making us angry throughout the entire novel!)
I would not like to anywhere.
College.
(A huge smile spread across his face...a devious, mischievous smile) What did you have in mind?
I had this cushion laying around and I wanted this chair to have something softer for the landing so I decided to make a cover for it and I knew I wanted it to be a chevron pattern because I'm a chevron virgin!!
- Bradley Styes / all music & lyrics
These three outfits were created using more tops headed out, never be seen again. I found a high-waisted black pencil skirt and some wide belts to keep them in her closet rotation.
Foster mom note: Sedona is one of the Ohio 200 Bust Dogs saved thanks to grand efforts by HSUS, Hello Bully and others. Sedona's been living with yours truly and my elder AmStaff Luca since October 1st. It's been a trip, to say the least.
The husband says the mother was a right stuck up cow giving pep talk pre match (parents have to leave once their child is seated at the table), wearing what can only be described as a rock for an engagement ring and brandishing a Chanel bag. You can smell the pound notes emitting from her. The child has curly hair and is wearing a chess champions sweatshirt. You get the picture.
A word of warning adding to these ‘enum’ like Classes is not a problem but removing an entry can break the application if the information defined by this Class is saved in a file or database. When the information is retrieved and the datum is no longer a member of the Class an error will occur. It’s best to use this Class on lists that are not expected to change much.
Enrolled my daughters into school.
Warning! You’ll probably find this post whiny if you’re somebody who has monetary resources at their disposal.
6. I have just been introduced to Doctor Who
Important Considerations When Purchasing Liability Protection
Love and peace to you all! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!
There are lots of available websites which are providing details on the training sessions associated to fishing which are also beneficial for these learning starters. By completing these training sessions you can be smart enough to know all the secrets of Stag Do Fly Fishing and can be very well trained with techniques to get the most out of the fly fishing. One of the beautiful spot or a place for this sport is rivers, or deep lakes and you can enjoy each and every moment of this games near these special areas. As this game is totally related to lakes and Rivers so do not forget to be safe your part as this game is related to deep waters. There are many coaches and sight seiners for visitors as well for learners in this game, there major specialties are sight fishing, or may be wild such as trout, and teaching the fishing to beginners.
Tuesday was in the 50's but so windy it really wasn't a good day to be outside much. Which was good because I had to get some serious laundry done.
In January I posted the Myrtle Drive Mail Theft. Those of us who left our mail in unlocked mail boxes took a lot of heat at that time. Today I have some great news for you. The mail thieves have been caught and arrested in Pleasant Hill!
After carefully crossing the dreaded street, I entered the building of destination and took the elevator to the 17th floor to sign some legal documents. There is one thing that you should all remember. If an attorney rents an entire floor of a skyscraper, then you are paying some big bucks. (Try googling “big bucks” and see what you get.)
This elegant piece is an example of her work.
Keith was prone to encouraging the villagers to occasional acts of violence, usually against the gypsies whom he hated with a passion. No one quite knew where the strength of his feelings came from. The gypsies were a problem, to be sure. But, Keith always seemed to make it personal. Despite his moodiness, he was often a big help to running the village. The young girls were crazy about him, but he never seemed to notice.
Looking on Google maps later on, it is clear. The future arrived in the shape of new apartment blocks. Efficient square blocks, with neat apartments tightly arranged around a central core, not a square metre wasted. They work to their own square and fair logic, and do not yield to the existing irregular pattern of streets and buildings.
Beating with stutters and starts
Then came the fun part. Using a special tip that has multiple holes, I covered the top of the cake by piping on "grass". And then I piped on a "grass" border on the bottom of the cake as well.
Most of you wouldn't know this....but I played soccer (football) for a couple of years when I was in high school and I LOVED it! If I was fit enough I'd love to be playing it again! It's so much fun and great exercise.
But yesterday .... yesterday was extra special.
If I had to choose to have you as a loving young sister or a loving adult sister, I choose the adult sister hands down. I used to mourn not having you near when we were kids. I used to think that I missed out on this huge thing, but ya know what? You can give me a heck of a lot more support and love now, than you ever could have been capable of then. And you do Leah. I no longer look back and feel pain or sadness over our relationship, but I use it as a marker to see how far we have come.
I love flax so far, lol. There is more but thats enough for now right! so, what are the cons? well.....
That's not our story. The story is the creation of the cards, which you might have noticed feature one man who died 1000 years ago and two men who never existed, and as such were probably hard to photograph. But that's a real human being up there as John Henry, the steel-driving man. His name is Christopher Holmes, and he used to work at Topps, and he never gave them permission to make him John Henry, and now he's suing for $4 million. That lawsuit is below.
I wish for my home to be exactly where it is, just up the road from the ocean, the dolphins and the waves that soothe my soul.
moments and near misses
After a week of Lagers in beaut Chiang Mai I was craving a good 'ol ale! Had a stein of the Dunkel to start off nice roasty choc malt on the nose and a faint noble hop aroma. Wow... on the mouth full it was very malty and caramelly in taste and smooth as! It was more like a robust porter beer than a German style Dunkle. The Weizen was very nice too! Big banana and clove notes on the nose true to style, very cold creamy and refreshing going down as a good Weizen should be! It filled me up quite quickly though due to the wheat malts and having close to a litre of Dunkle before! Now the Lager....Now this was a big surprise! No big hop aroma but a subtle scent of a noble hop was there along with a good fresh somewhat pilsner malt grain tone. Mmmmm....nice and cold going down like a Lager should be with a awesome very well balanced bitter after taste! Easily the best lager I had on my Malaysia/Thailand trip! I can see why this was the most favored brew at the venue! Could of drank it all night...and almost did!
It's a simple idea. On Sunday, September 30th, at 9:00 PM Eastern, we're raising a glass to Michael Jackson, and raising money in his name for the National Parkinson's Foundation.
Alan Simpson said
Surah 4: An-Nisa’: 3:
Especially when I had ideas popping in my little head:) and the challenges are my favorites.
"Why did Wash have to die?" ("Because Joss said" is not an acceptable answer.)
Many congrats from all of the Fab'n'Funky DT and please email us so that we can get your prize to you. Please don't forget to also claim your Challenge Winners badge which can be found in the side bar.
Equally crazed “Betty In Bermudas/Dance The Froog” would follow later that summer, then “Stop Monkeyin’ Around/No No No,” but by December, Borisoff was gone (he’ll return in ’65 with the Northern Soul classic “1-2-3”) and the hits dried up. That same month, on the other side of the country, Portland’s Kingsmen would provide one last brilliant gasp of pre-invasion U.S. chart action before everything changed forever.
amymck
My in-laws, Fillis and John, met while living in Paris on their junior year abroad, and celebrated their 40th anniversary in January. That's the official reason for taking the trip when we did, but the truth is that Marc has been talking about talking a trip there with his parents for as long as I can remember. They are true Paris veterans who really know the city well and can speak fluently, so we knew they would be excellent tour guides. Fillis and John were very generous and provided our flights and hotel room, and we're very thankful for that. But they were also wonderful travel companions, and we had a great time exploring the city together.
Wilson also spoke about the Daleks multicoloured misstep: “I don’t think any of us would say that the multicoloured Daleks quite worked, but you’ve got to try new things. If you just repeat and repeat the show is in danger of stagnating.”
Mr. Maharaj said he believed that The Mail & Guardian was using him as political football to raise opposition to the protection bill.
MONSTEE: Me am…
By the way, if we ever get this to become a “household term” and people, like, refer to their favorite directors and, hell, even themselves as “screwball existentialists” that’d be fine by me, because I know lots of people whose personal philosophies I’d say fit the bill (I may even go so far as to say those are my favorite “kinds” of people), and, yeah, I’d like to think I more often than not fall darn nicely into that category along with them. I got a monumentally good Reuben sandwich today from a deli in a dying strip mall.
My friend Bart likes to tell a story about the birth of his third child and first son, Drew. After meeting Drew for the first time, Bart’s father-in-law approached him, stuck out his hand and said, “Good work.” Bart responded, “Thanks, sure was fun trying.”
Without You, Jesus. (Without You, Jesus) Without You, Jesus (Without You, Jesus)
I was completely stressed out for close to a week about what I would send for my Bead Soup. I had been focused on what I'd get and wondered about what I'd have a chance to create....never once did it cross my mind to think about what I'd be sending! lol (if it had I may not have signed up, I'm sure glad I did)
"As a mind reader, I suppose!" Deanna suggests.
Right. CF would have talked more in terms of turds in drawers and piss in kettles, but yes, we get the picture.
Omit the oil (though why would you want to?!) for 132 cal and only 1 g fat per serving.
Dropping a glove in a public place means you can soon expect a rude awakening.
stir the drained pasta into the sauce. if its to thick add 1/2 cup or so of reserved pasta water to loosten it.
wherever you go.
The advisory council itself is littered with Rabbis for Obama, prominent Leftists like Eli Pariser, the Board President of MoveOn.org, ex-Senator Lincoln Chafee, Markos Kounalakis who publishes The Washington Monthly and Stanley Sheinbaum, and anti-Israel former diplomats like Rob Malley and Nicholas Veliotes.
Aaron came and visited us since we were kind of home-bound with the two.....especially with Ethan, the trouble maker :) The cutest trouble maker you ever did see, of course!!! Binky only for bedtime? Not so much.... oops!!! He is scootin around getting into everything and totally wants to do everything on his own, but my favorite thing about him is that he will totally sit and cuddle with you while you watch a movie. He loves movies and always falls asleep in our arms. When I came home from the grocery store, I walked into the bedroom to see him and Austin snuggling. Ethan had the remote in one hand and chocolate licorice in the other while watching the Jepsons. So Austin....so cute!
During the first few weeks of the season, everyone has too much fun projecting Opening Day home runs into 162-home run seasons, and watching batting averages like .917 or .083 accompany at-bats.** It’s fun– and to my mind is at the core of being a sports fan– to dream about an incredible 162-home run season. It’s just as fun to see a wacky batting average above .900, since we know that Opening Day dinger may be the only one some players hit until the All-Star break, and we know that .917 batting average will eventually come closer to .300. They are greater than our expectations.
“What?” Barbara asked.
= a
Basic Text, p. 50
Andy Sachs is a thriving writer in New York City, who has big dreams about writing for the New Yorker. When Runway Magazine’s Miranda Priestly needs a new Junior Assistant and Andy gets the job, she realizes this could be the job of a lifetime; Miranda has connections everywhere, and after a year at Runway, she could get her dream job. However, Miranda is also a selfish, no-nonsense bitch who needs everything done perfect. Follow Andy as she tries to do all of the impossible jobs Miranda gives her.
Conservatism was an attempt to preserve traditional ways and differed from Liberalism but became Liberal, Classical then Social Democratic - abstract rights, capitalism, economics, laissez faire and self interest- now Cultural Marxism. Like the other parties they offer the electorate incentives to get into power and at election time pretend they will introduce popular policies like controlling immigration but once in office pursue their own agenda. This should be a criminal offence and the Party name subject to trading standards law. Academic Conservatives have tried to revive Conservatism by turning it into a competing ideology but it has no goal only living life by belonging to a historical community and culture and passing it on to one’s children. It is not a different opinion in a rational debate but an attitude and temperament in life. Rational plans and formulae are for the rationalist-ideologues: which is why these are “intimations” not a blueprint and cannot be stated a priori like utopian ideologies. There is more to human nature than reason. It is not just reaction to current dominant doctrines nor a rejection of future utopias as fantasy in order to re-live a past utopia, not an attempt to turn back the clock to a bygone time but is a traditional way of thinking and feeling for one’s own ethnic community.
No more lecturing about Argentina or Brazil,those were totally different cases.As I am not an analyst,I won’t get into that.I am just calculating what’s the most beneficiary for everybody.
------- The Cubs are concentrating solely on Cespedes and Soler and Levine things Soler fits the Cubs better and I agree. Although I still want both!
Hello lovely readers,
Escape from the Planet of the Apes is second only to the original in critical praise. For this, I am baffled. It is not the worst of the bunch. That would be tomorrow’s installment. But the continuity errors and silly attempt to place Cornelius and Zira into modern society was just too much for me. It is just too much of a radical departure from the previous films for me to get behind.
“I’m going to call her! How dare she,” he repeated.
This race was really hard on the knees. I am pretty sure I did an extra few kms of lateral movement dodging people, jumping gutters, avoiding trees and parked cars. The drinks stations were a sea of plastic cups and they did take a toll. I saw a lot of runners go down and some of those receiving medical attention. But those things aside it was pretty fun. There were regular musical attractions on the sidelines.. DJs, dancers, radio stations, folk bands, jazz bands, big bands small bands….and massive crowds of spectators!
* Time with family and friends
anti-crime patrol team
Well I didn't get to finish the last of the Verve Sketches......my 7yr old son and I were involved in a 3 car accident Friday afternoon (our time). Our car had to be towed and we were both taken to hospital in an ambulance. Let me stress that we are both OK and cleared of any major damage, although we are still both stiff and sore this morning and the shock of it has hit home a bit. It wasn't our fault as we were waiting to turn into a side street and had no idea it was coming so we didn't brace ourselves and we were flung forward and back again quite hard. My poor son was screaming that his head was hurting. Thankfully he still wears a full body harness while sitting on a booster seat so he was a protected as we could have him. I thank God that we are OK and that we were not badly hurt and that we had the support of some of the school Mums who saw us and stopped to help - one even cooked us dinner! God is good and sends the support we need!!
Main Engine Cutoff. Second stage separation. Second stage burn started.
We have NEW hours for our bar that should be more convenient for those getting off work, and unable to make it to Buckbean by 6 PM. The new hours are:
I have to say I was a bit sceptical about the whole vampire thing at first, visions of Buffy and countless other 'camp vamps' sprang to mind. But True Blood has adopted a really cool angle... It's set in the fictional town of Bon Temps in Louisiana, where two years ago, thanks to the invention of synthetic blood (called 'Tru Blood' which is sold in all the local bars and convenience stores and comes in delicious 'A', 'B', 'AB' and 'O' flavours!), vampires 'came out of the coffin' and are now trying to integrate in the community alongside the living residents! Some locals have welcomed the vampires, whilst others are very hostile, and want to rid the town of their newly acquired neighbours.
Scorching sand burned at her feet and bitterness ate at her heart. Mellie pumped her legs as fast as they would go. Her feet pounded with the rhythm of her emotions, beating a tempo with the crashing waves. Run-a-way. Run-a-way. Run-a-way. Adrenaline pulsed through her veins, quickening her step.
Wayne has no clue how lucky of a guy he is. His wife Carrie (Courtney Abbiati) massages his shoulders in the morning and tells him that he was tossing and turning all night. WTF? In 95% of marriages she’d be nagging him for keeping her awake all night and husbands would be the same way, except we’d end by saying we need a drink and if we’re kept up all night it’s off to the casino.
As for the painting part - not too much time spent working, but this seems to be at a resolve - I will wait until it dries completely to make sure - things can change while the drying process takes it sweet time, but sometimes it stays as is.
Luckily for me my mother in law came around to help with the little ones. I am very fortunate to have a mother in law that I get along with. It made my day so much easier, not having to worry about the younger two.
Hi C,
In holy rattlesnakes that fell all around your feet
“Well, no, I wasn’t following them. I actually got off the bus and was going to take a different one, just to get away from the guy and the girl who were on the bus. I figured if I just got off the bus, they’d leave me alone.”
A charismatic church was brought before a judge on charges of illegally providing shelter for the homeless, as they were not zoned to do something like this. Respectfully, the leader of the church said, “Thank you for the information we will go back to our church and pray about it.” When the leader went back to the judge and prosecutors his answer was, “We understand the issues you have with the legality of what we’re doing. We will stop sheltering the homeless. Instead, we will have a worship service beginning at 7pm and after about an hour we will enter into a time of silent meditation until 10am.”
Although he harassed Jason Kidd’s family, harassing communication was not pursued as a charge to be convicted and sentenced in a court of law, because the investigator stated that the perpetrator made a threat to his wife which is third party.
But nevertheless, it was a beautiful evening, well organized and spent with very beautiful group of people. Organizations working behind this event was JCEC, Sussie ( from Sussie of arabia; a blog i have been following for a long time and was soo excited to see Sussie there!!! ), Jeddah heart, Nomad & Arabian Jewels. Links are listed below.... Defiantly check them out to stay updated on more happenings around Jeddah and what these organizations are upto :)
In 2011, spending on equipment is predicted to jump to nearly $190 billion dollars in the United States alone. That’s up from $175 billion in 2010. By 2014, that number should be more than $217 billion dollars.
The law is supposedly in effect, but I don’t think can be applied to anyone who already had their visa. Meanwhile, Russian Consulates around the world have not been uniformly notified, so foreigners currently trying to settle visa questions are being given a variety of answers. It is going to take some investigating to obtain clearer answers. But within a year, as one-year visas begin to expire, a lot of foreigners in Russia will be thinking about what to do next.
But I think I'd like some company. Would anyone care to join me?!
Headband: Lacoste
It is always more unreliable insofar as the wind does not blow all the time, thus requiring a traditional plant to be online to back up those ugly insults to the natural beauty of land and sea when they fail to feed the grid.
Which sudarshana chakra does the story refer to?
(John 21:6)
National Rank Year Name School Event Performance
Call me a conspiracy theorist…
"We will not rest until Our President is cooking up home brews in the White House using hops from the Willamette Valley. Or better, we’ll send him a few rhizomes, and he can plant a few Oregon hop emeralds in his backyard right next to those honey bee boxes."
Recipe from Aunt Ruth Carlson (Grandma Maggie Block's sister)
So from this day forward:
In the speech, beamed back to prime-time evening audiences in US, the president said that at the upcoming Nato summit, to be held in Chicago, the alliance would “set a goal for Afghan forces to be in the lead for combat operations across the country next year”.
Poor Ruby was pretty unwell for the first one but was back to herself last night and enjoyed it, just as any ballerina should!
LaMichael James is leaving the Ducks for the bucks. The Oregon all-purpose running back is skipping his senior season for the NFL draft.
The game of what will be known as poker in the future travelled through times and continents to Egypt, India and Persia where it became known in the 12th-13th centuries as “Ganjifa”, which can be translated as “The Treasure Cards”. Such cards were made of very thin pieces of rare wood or even ivory and were only affordable to the very rich. The game reached Europe in the 16th century and became very popular first in Italy and Spain known as “Primero”, then in France named “Poque” and in Germany called “Pochen”. It was Europe that introduced suits to cards from the Italian tarot cards.
New York: February 17, 1944
My pan is 3" high, and I figured the entire batch might overflow, so here was my opportunity to try out a cake collar. From what I read, a collar is just parchment paper inside the pan to prevent overflow and get that extra height when necessary.
YOU wait, with memories drifting,
Being the lazy-ass that I am, I love anything that saves me time, effort or energy. So it should come as no surprise that I love self-foaming cleansers. I’ve been through quite a few, Etude House Acne Foaming Wash , Hada Labo AHA/BHA Exfoliating Face Wash Foam and a couple of Body Shop ones which I never got around to reviewing.
Let me live without this,just a moment too soon–his efforts are long gone.
The AT&T Center in San Antonio was a fairly standard stadium venue; but, lord, how long has it been since I attended a "stadium concert?" I think, maybe U2 back in the early 90's? I went with an old boyfriend to see James Brown at the Erwin Center, but it was really a fairly small show...not sure if that counts. Anyway, it was big, but the crowd last night was only about 11,000. That seemed strange...I think Houston sold out in like minutes.
If I may give my own definition/description of the doctrine it is this: Jesus Christ, the eternal Son of God, the eternal Word, humbled Himself to become Man and died as a sacrifice for the sins of all humanity. Because of this, God the Father raised Him from the dead and gave Him all authority, an authority which He did not previously have; this authority was given to Him as the God-Man.
your Sweet Pea Stamps grab bag in the
Next we headed to Roman's pretesting appt for surgery this Thursday...about 10 other people in the waiting room including a woman who was on her phone swearing and dropping the "N" word non-stop so I had to take the children (both have echolailia) over near the entrance (farthest away we could get) by this point we had been in the waiting room for over 25mins and they were off the wall, running, climbing, yelling...I had to hold Roman between my legs and hold Bella who was not having it..this ensued the hitting, head butting, hair pulling, scratching & yelling...she whacked me so hard at one point my face stung for a half hour! All the while people in the waiting room are just staring at us. After 20 more mins they finally got us in a room & did Roman's exam where he was in sensory overload that he was bouncing against the exam table, flopping around....thank God the nurses & Dr realized they NEEDED to get out of there and were fast!
I did enjoy the character ‘The Gardener’. His presence is constant and silently raking away. He comments on each of the characters calling them visitors, hence the title ‘Visitation’.
I've been thinking about how much I like styling and photographing little odds and ends...cupcake wrappers, buttons, flowers, fabric...you know what I'm taking about, right? Anyway, I think I'm going to do more of that...mini color collections of little tidbits. Sort of the way this post is. I think it will help me to be more creative. I've been wanting to get back to the part of me that's more artistic rather than crafty.
Juan does his celebrating in what appears to be a high-class brothel. One of the women makes the mistake of referring to him as “the pope’s bastard” and he roughly ducks her head under the water of the tub she’s sitting in and corrects that to “his favorite son.” Why does this actor always play sadistic losers with serious women issues?
Still, it was awesome! I can't recommend mud runs enough. This was my second and it's a blast every time. This one was a 5K with 11 obstacles that culminated in an army crawl through a mud pit. Go find one in your area!
My colleagues (because I have colleagues now that I am a grown up) suddenly turned their attention to me. “Oh shit!” I thought. “They have noticed. They have noticed my crossing phobia. Why did I have to be brought up in the country side where there was no traffic? Why didn’t my mother send me for road crossing classes before she packed me off to university in a city?” Despite it being freezing temperatures, I now had the humiliation sweats.
Too-Busy
To the rhythm that yearns
SEOUL, April 20 (Yonhap) — A South Korean parliamentary committee dealing with national defense failed Friday to pass a set of reform bills aimed at bolstering military readiness against North Korean provocations, as the meeting lacked a quorum.
Welcome to our 21st Century Christmas.
Doesn’t matter where you’ve been,
I'm sorry to hear that this day has been so difficult for you but am glad to know that the surgery went well. I'm really sorry to hear about your refrigerator! What a mess. It seems as if life can never go smoothly. I hope you were able to rescue most of your perishables and that this is the last of the drama for a while.
Of a certainty, I know tomorrow will be fine because I have sought the face of My God and King.
Day-neutral plants form flower buds and produce fruit from spring through fall; day length is of no concern. These berries are usually planted as annuals. The fruit is smaller than typical of other varieties, but is of premium quality. Plants resist disease but do not grow or produce well in hot climates.
Don’t get me wrong. I think aging is a gift, after all, there’s only one other alternative.
After completing his studies at NJC, Mr Liu was offered a MOE scholarship to continue his studies in either NUS or NTU, but he managed to obtain an international scholarship from the United States and chose to study at Georgetown University where he majored in Science, Accounting and Finance.
‘First they throw concrete blocks at the boy’s arms, then at his legs, then the final blow is to his head, and if he is not dead then, they start all over again,’ one person who managed to escape told Al-Akhbar.
The extent of the loss of the tradition of Infant Communion among the Eastern Catholic Churches was noted by Fr. Casimir Kucharek’s Ukrainian Catholic catechism Our Faith: A Byzantine Catechism for Adults. Writing in 1983, he explained:
3. William loves animals. “I love all God’s creatures,” he once opined as a small child. I think he has become a bot more discriminating since–he hates hippos and pigs, he told me today. But by far, his favorite animal is the cat.
Colds make us miserable grouches, and when you’ve got one, you’re usually desperate for a quick solution. Everyone from your mom to your taxi driver will give you advice on how to beat a cold … perhaps with echinacea.
Serge Gainsbourg - Histoire De Melody Nelson - 1971
to be pampered. And now, he's ready
I`m feeling discombobulated. I have hardly sewn the last 10 days and so have very little to share with you. I`m feeling out of sorts in a way I can`t really describe. So I shall just share with you a taste of what`s been going on around here.
This I was used to. Cops had been giving me this talk for years. They’d start it off by telling me how much promise I have. They’d tell me that they wanted more for me. They’d try to be my friend, or my father, or my brother.
Going their is just a breeze from our hotel, we walked going to Savemore and rode a jeepney – then when the driver said we need to go down, we did, rode a tricycle and boom Welcome to Paradizoo… (actually we just guessed our way going there so I can’t really explain what we did Ü )
TwitterHi, jesse presley. You have a new direct message: elizaapresley: jesse, pleas…
sing-song.
In my ears I have the second book following The Game of Thrones. It’s full of wonderful voices and great stories of struggle and strife for power. But, I am also reading paper again – still testing to see which one will grab my full attention.
with Old Overholt Rye, Carpano Antica, Cointreu, Crme de Cacao,
Recently I read an ebook written by Jeff Goins who inspired me to write. Actually what he did was give me permission to put to words what my mind thinks and sees. Wrecked for the Ordinary: A Misfit’s Manifesto, displays the paradigms of people who have gone, seen or heard life in a way that changes them. (If he asked I would have written the above review). Considering the experiences in my life; from career nursing, added foster parenting, then adopting, then moving to rural Wyoming only to be equipped to move to Nigeria for 6 years all with a young family of 6 and wild faith. The return trip back to decadent Northern California, homeschooling briefly, being unemployed, returning to college at 45, and now another foster child. It is no wonder I am training for a marathon. I can’t stop running the distance. Additionally, the Word of God speaks to me and creation testifies moment by moment it seems. I am wrecked! For those who may interpret that word in a negative sense, think again. This walk of faith is almost unbelievable. I can hardly say it. Some moments I can hardly stand it! Joy in trials means so much more when you can laugh in the tears.
Somewhere along the line though, as I got older, I stopped thinking like that and adopted a much more Christian mindset. Went to church every Sunday and fully meant all the words I sang in the songs in church.
In order to be considered a legitimate child during the Regency, your parents had to be married at the time of your birth. It didn’t matter what their status was at your conception, as long as they made it to the altar—together—before you made an appearance in the world. If you came before the nuptial ceremony, you were illegitimate, forever, even if your parents married later*.
Genious is Exhausting
Here's a close-up:
Do you have any tips for bloggers and people who would like to start a business? Being bold, putting yourself out there, and having work experience is all important. I had a few jobs before I jumped into forming my own business and I think that made me a lot wiser about businesses and their structure in general. As I just mentioned, companies want experience, so whether you get it at your first jobs out of college, an internship during college, or by writing on your own blog, start doing something! Build up contacts and make friends with people that can help encourage you along the way.
For awhile there, I couldn't believe it all. I mean, it's been a pretty long time since someone actually held my hand everywhere (and I mean everywhere), kissed me passionately in public, and do other nice, lovely, warm things to me at random. Like pick me up from the train station when there was absolutely no necessity to , take a half day off from work at random to come see me sooner etc. I mean, maybe if he was some plain, needy, boring guy, maybe. I wouldn't be surprised then. Heh. But his ex-girlfriend list is something that would make a lot of other people jealous, for sure. I've seen their photos, they're hot as hell and probably very intelligent to boot.
So here's one of my freebie hauls, it includes four Go-Paks of Nutter Butter Bites, Mini Oreos and Mini Chips Ahoy. One Herbal Essences hair spray, six packs of band-aids, three tubes of toothpaste, two deodorants (I liked the smell), and two packs of BIC pens. I paid only $6.42 for all of it! It retailed at well over $35, I would call that a win-win for me!
Does anybody (again, outside of a small deviant pocket) even think that way?
A prophecy is attached to each of the twenty year Katun cycles. Each cycle starts on the day of the Ancestors, Ajpu or Ahau as Ancestors are known to the Yucatec Maya. The first 20-year cycle starts with 11 Ahau.
With the senior staff all gathered in my Ready Room, we are all assembled for the most important meeting of the year. To discuss plans for the Enterprise Christmas Party.
Alarms are set but much too soon.
(not that you can much of the base card anymore)
Why in my opinion Windows Phone 7 will fail to succeed?
The repositioning that I have spoken to you about is beginning to take place, says the Lord. It is no longer something that is out somewhere in the distant future, but I tell you that you are even now starting to step over the threshold into the next phase of spiritual experience and opportunity. Do not be afraid to be bold in embracing all that I have for you in this season. For some, this will seem to you like it has been a long time in coming, but in reality you are just now situated or in the right position to receive. Rejoice!
In the first of three posts, I discussed two of the most significant life lessons I’ve learned from the likes of Jesus, the Buddha, Lao-Tzu and many current spiritual masters or practitioners of higher states of consciousness, such as Wayne Dyer, Eckhart Tolle, Ram Dass, Thich Nhat Hanh, Deepak Chopra and the Dalai Lama.
and i suppose i still don't,
Chart Album Mingguan
OVERALL: A-
Meade Design Group was a little spoiled this fall, we were able to host the launch of Barbara Barry's latest fabric collection, 'Indochine' with a private gathering of clients. We were actually the first showing in Canada so we feel very special to have been given the opportunity!
Mathew 16:24-26
"O lovely Pussy, O Pussy, my love,
He: That is not possible.
First of all let me just start by telling you how adorable Suzy Ultman's fabrics, papers, softies and illustrations are! Her work is very popular in the paper and craft industry. In fact you may have seen it without even realizing it. Her creations have been published by Chronicle Books and her list of clients rang from Crate & Barrel to Oopsy Daisy and many more.
"It comes from poor judgment, peer pressure or social driving late at night.
“Kyrie Eleison
Ilokanos are known and are famously distinct to be bitter-loving peoples in these northern parts of the Philippine archipelago, in terms of food geography (as Tagalogs south down under favor sourness in their sinigang or paksiw, or the Bicolanos in their coconut milk-sweetened and chili-spiced Bicol Express). And true-blue Ilokano pait connoisseurs love the most bitter in their food, the bitter, the better, so to say. As to veggies, they want their own Ilocos paria or native amargoso, smallish and round, especially in their beloved pinakbet.
With Global Game Jam, my as-it-happened account of a 48 hour Game Jam development event, out on the figurative shelves of Amazon for just over a month, reviews are starting to crop up from both gaming websites and on Amazon. To my pleasure and gentle surprise, they’ve all been really quite nice.
I want to thank all of you for all your wonderful comments on my last post! I appreciate it all so much. It means the world to me :)
My second child is a very finicky eater. I would like to spend some time writing about her on my blog in the future, but this time, I’d like to go straight to the story about this recipe.
Saturday 5/19
So here I have today, the recipe to making whole Tilapias the adapted way
Oskar Blues - The original OB location, the heart and soul of the company, is located in Lyons, CO and is the perfect place to grab dinner on your way back to Denver after a day spent hiking Rocky Mountain National Park. Cajun food, live blues music, an old school arcade in the basement and a small brewing system used for pilot batches and the beer sold on tap. The newer OB brewpub, Oskar Blues Homemade Liquids and Solids, is located in Longmont and features over 40 beers on tap including rotating guest selections and OB rarities. Featuring a large menu, live music, fun atmosphere and patio seating complete with boccie ball, its easy to spend all day here. Just blocks away is the OB brewery where all their beer is brewed and canned. Inside the brewery is a small bar called the Tasty Weasal. No guest taps here, but you may find rare OB batches like Stranahan's barrel aged Ten FIDY or Belgian Dale's Pale Ale. Of course, they have live music here too.
This year our group included: Kevin and Cooper (of course), my dad and sister, my brother Mike, sister in-law Delayne and my nephew Alex (Big Al), my brother Nick and Melissa, and last but not least, Kevin's parents. We spent our 5 days grilling, boating, playing at the park and in the sand, biking, cooking and almost burning the cabin down....whomever rented the cabin before us decided it was a good idea to leave a bag of pre-popped popcorn in the oven. First- who puts popcorn in the oven? Second, who puts pre-popped popcorn in a bag in the oven?! When Nick went to pre-heat the oven for dinner he never looked inside to make sure it was empty. Soon I saw black smoke pour out from one of the burners! I quickly opened the oven door and was engulfed by smoke- LOTS of smoke! I could see that there was a bag of pop corn on the rack and that popcorn was falling from it to the heating element below. I quickly shut the door, turned off the oven and ordered everyone OUT of the cabin. I kept asking Nick "Did you put popcorn in there?!" In his typical Nick fashion he was laughing saying "no!" "no!" So I kept asking- "Did you or didn't you?!" Soon Mike was in the kitchen with me as we debated whether or not we use the fire extinguisher to put out the flames. In typical Mike fashion he said "Just wait a minute. Let's see if it goes out." As I stood there with the pin pulled on the extinguisher ready to be a firefighter. Sure enough, the fire put itself out.
Dragging his bone over town. Dragging his bone over town.
Starting some hardcore training for the famous London Marathon in 5 months time, have entered myself into a dizzying amount of races beforehand and after to keep up the fitness! I shall be posting my thoughts, feelings, rants and pictures of the whole process one undergoes to complete such a distance. Throughout it all I am hoping to indulge in some Ballet and return to my Flamenco, as well as the odd yoga class. I am considering those as cross-training/stress relief!!
Then last night happened. My throat was itchy. It hurt to swallow. I was sneezing four times in a row.
I also had the opportunity to get to know a couple of my fellow Nashville food bloggers a little better, particularly Angela from Spinach Tiger (pictured below) and Lisa from Wine with Lisa. During the event we discovered that we all live in the same area, and that Angela and I actually live in the same neighborhood. It was great to meet you ladies, and I look forward to seeing you again soon!
I hope you'll think about it and post your ideas because I'm really interested.
In the US, we have Thanksgiving holiday this week, so we decided to extend this week's challenge for 2 weeks so that everyone has a chance to play if they are traveling or playing with family---like we are! :)
All of this prompts me to provide a little more clarity about what this site is about, given another regret I now have: the title of the blog and my blogging identity. I am not German. I am not German-speaking. I have visited Germany, but that’s it. I am not an anti-German. I don’t really know any anti-Germans. I’ve not read more than a few articles in Bahamas.
Steph also sent me her signature bag of goodies and treats which included ribbon, buttons, charms, and wool- all gorgeous- and two little plastic bags of 'ingredients' for making felties as my new feltie book (Felties by Nelly Pailloux, here on Amazon) arrived last week. Hurrah! Steph also sent me one of her goddess figures which my Mum had ordered- I chose a goddess from Steph's contributions to the travelling craft box swop (see my post here) and Mum thought they were great so we commissioned Steph to make another! (Check out Steph's folksy shop here for more of her lovely creations!)
Eleanor Blayney, president of Directions LLC, said female clients don’t want to sit around comparing benchmarks with performance numbers — something male clients often want to do. But that doesn’t mean women don’t care about results.
So, my sense of awe and wonderment at reading this fantastic book (come on, it was my first ever book!) made me realise how I loved to read, and wanted more. That, and the sense of achievement on completing a whole book, fantastic!
DUKE: This 'bot has a bad motivator. Look!
group, Hotcha.
*Absolutely dynamo scene between Littlefinger and Ros where she’s displaying some post-traumatic effects of seeing one of the infant bastard children of Robert murdered in its mother’s arms and Littlefinger not so subtly threatens to kill her if she doesn’t straighten up. His passive/aggressive menace is alternately terrifying and impressive. It’s also worth mentioning that I’m seeing more than a little Gary Oldman in Aidan Gillan’s performance as Littlefinger these days.
But it’s not a simple matter of turning a switch. It’s one of those horrible situations where I don’t actually want to change. I want to want to change. That’s a much bigger hurdle. Every few years I make an effort to smile more often, and it never lasts. Because I don’t want to smile more often. I want to want to smile more often. All the while a little voice shouts, in monotone, NOT SMILING IS YOUR THING. DON’T LOSE YOUR THING.
I didn’t end up using the onion like I’d set out to, but it wouldn’t have done much in my opinion anyway. Instead I set about chopping up the chicken, having more luck this time than I did yesterday when I butchered it.
The government has acknowledged that the lese majeste law has flaws – but says it is necessary to protect the monarchy.
From the coup’s earliest hours and continuing to the present, its leaders have been terribly disorganized. Consider the chronology of events: after they took over state TV and radio facilities around 3 p.m. on Wednesday the 21st, it took more than 12 hours before they broadcast a statement to the Malian people explaining who they were and what they wanted.
“I saw several people with head injuries and two people died in front of me. There was a lot of blood everywhere.
But this time
So many wonderful memories of her in Longport NJ every summer (when we could afford Longport,), Disney World, and finally, two trips to paradise, Hawaii.
Here we go again
"Potty?" she said, still sweet and hopeful.
You will see that the price of shipping dropped 90 percent right after the Lehman shock.
You can hear that interview if you wish at the following link provided:
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012), doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jps005, first published online: January 30, 2012
But this book then. Hugh has such a bad reputation and for a reason, but he still is so kind and sweet, well after a while, and only to Serena. What was there not to like. She made him soften up. And Serena is so brave for not backing down, she wants that asshole Duke to pay. She had quite the backbone.
1 divulge
At times I think there may even be a secret society of wait staff, plotting the take over of the world, belittling one table at a time. I read somewhere that a foreign exchange student had a 6month bout of depression because he felt inferior. Who made him feel so small you ask? Who would be so cruel? Who else? The wait staff. How is this possible?? You're wondering, let me give you a little insight into their thought process at various stages in your dining experience:
Enough preamble--to the beers!
Finally, begin now to make sure the worst never happens. Put together an action plan of exactly what you need to do to turn things around. By focusing on positive changes and implementing your action plan, your focus will shift to the positive outcomes and away from your fears. You will begin to feel better because now you can DO SOMETHING! Positive action is the only cure for fear and worry. Try this formula today and see if it will work for you. It has worked for me, if it hasn’t I wouldn’t be writing this blog. I would like to see people succeed and be the voice that I never had in my life, in your life to tell you that you can succeed, your dreams can come true, and through God all things are possible.
Thankfully she passed peacefully in her sleep and was surrounded by her family until the very end. I will truly miss this bubbly personality landing in my email box from time to time...I only wished that I had met her face-to-face over coffee.
"Grandpa, you don't have to close the door if you are just peeing."
Morning chickens.
Even though you have more on your plate as a manager, you can slice some of those extra hours in half by adopting time-saving strategies. Here are a few ideas to tailor time management approaches to your work style:
But O'Keeffe needed new inspiration and in New Mexico she found it, immediately focusing on the church architecture, skulls and crosses that were to provide her with subject matter for decades. Moving permanently to Ghost Ranch, just above Abiquiu, in 1940, she spent forty years evolving into the tough, self-contained old woman who still haunts the region as a kind of desert seer. She lived so long (dying in 1986 at the age of 98) that she seemed as permanent as the mountains and desert she loved, and in Santa Fe everyone over a certain age has a story that begins, 'Did I ever tell you about the time I met Georgia... ?'
That's me! For some reason every time I try to start a diet I end up eating even MORE than I normally would. Feeling deprived does. not. work. for me. So my new plan is this: any time that I feel like I want to eat more than what I planned for my meal, I'm going to walk for 15 minutes on the treadmill, and then drink a big 'ole glass of water. It probably won't quench the craving, but it will at least distract me. And I guess my method will be lather, rinse, repeat until the next meal time. I haven't quite figured out the logistics.
Weight Loss: 1lb
Thank you and good luck.
Have you ever been shocked by a kind word from a stranger or an encouraging word from one who seldom encourages? Compassion comes in many shapes and sizes. In fact, it might be said that each human carries his or her own brand of compassion.
Not only did they release this extremely informative book about their history to mark their 150th anniversary, but now they have an accompanying exhibit in the lobby of their building at 30 Lafayette, which includes documents, archival video, photographs and the like. (Brooklyn Before Now has yet to check out this exhibit, but very much looks forward to having something to do while waiting for invariably late friends at BAM's cinema).
Her response, “You flatter me sir, but I fear this to be their last fan they create for me, as they lost everything in their overseas investments when the bubble burst, and are about to go bust. It grieves me so, for they are the finest purveyor of fans in London and without them I will be at a loss. The money they need to survive is so great that, like their beautiful fans, they are destined to fold.” Expressed my deep regret at hearing this news, and consoled her in my belief that perhaps all is not yet lost for them. NOTE: This a.m. I anonymously sent the monies required to Messrs Fraigneau & Foulkes, thus saving the shop for her.
Luckily, Mom found the Penguins....
I have been working on this album alongside other projects for the last five years. Since I moved to London I've met a lot of people and have been trying various approaches to music. I was only fifteen when I joined Gus Gus, but at that age one hasn't necessarily found ones path as a musician. When you're a teenager you're trying out all kinds of stuff, and I learned a lot from being in a band like Gus Gus. All the collaboration I've had with various musicians has taught me a lot and had it's say in molding the musician I am today.
The tweet caused an uproar, with many responding angrily.
And...as a bonus to all of you out there, on the 28th when we have our first challenge, we will announce a random drawn winner out of all those who visited every single blog (listed at F&F) and left a comment. The winner will receive a $25 gift certificate to the Funkie Junkie Boutique.
The Winning Factor by Peter Jensen ($24.95, Amacom) takes his experience in sports psychology and applies it to workplace leaders, teaching them how to coach employees and coworkers to be the best they can be. “Success for these coaches is not only about the results but also about building competence, commitment, capacity and passion in their performances. They take on a bigger role than simply supervising, directing or managing.” Beginning with oneself its techniques will help you get the best from others. Sports plays a role in Click! The Competitive Edge for Sports, Entertainment, and Business ($14.95, Peak Performance Strategies, LLC, softcover). Dan Schaefer, PhD, the author, is a performance consultant and founder of the firm that published the book. He helps individuals, management, teams, and companies get the competitive edge through techniques to enhance personal and/or business performance. He has done this for clients throughout the U.S., Europe, South America and Asia. He can do it for you if you read his book. The irony is, of course, he is competing with the other book noted, but these books demonstrate that one can learn techniques to enhance one’s life.
· Experience with iterative design methodologies (i.e. Agile) a plus
We had something special, Dave and I . We really did.
Notes: Deadpan delivery is key. Actually selling your soul often helps with this.
Every time I heard that, I would ask the young person (normally a guy) to show me his voter registration and military ID.
By dawn a new loom stood in the lodge’s great room. When Castor’s wife rose yawning she found Castor waiting, his tail thumping lightly on the floor. She saw the loom.
Obviously it’s got a bit to do with that there Internet. Growing up, there was only one bookie on the high-street – I remember the dodgy artwork of action scenes from various sports and the angled doorway, which meant I could never see inside when I walked past. My brother went inside to back my 20-1 shot in the Grand National. That was about all the contact I had.
A fair bit. Rejection, self-doubt, people telling you you can’t do it, that it’s all an impossible dream: these are problems that beset the best of writers. But here’s the thing: if you truly want to write then these things won’t deter you. They won’t matter because writing is what you do, it’s who you are, it burns within you. If you’re a writer worthy of that name, you will always write, whether you get published or not. I know that, even if I had never got that deal, I’d still be tapping away at my keyboard. Why? Because I have to. I have stories to tell and they just won’t leave me alone until I spill them out on the page. Writing is not really a vocation for me - it’s an urge, a need, an impulse almost as irresistible as breathing.
Heading on to the sixth and final pub of the crawl there wasn't any doubt as to which pub it would be. Set at the edge of a Stockwell estate is the Cavendish. You write this pub off as another estate. pub at your own peril. In fact it should itself be called the Surprise with the backroom Ballroom showcasing new comedy, music and on occasion burlesque. Added to which it's probably the only pub in London to have an occasional house organist. The on tap selection isn't huge with Greene King being the choice to round off the crawl. Standing at the bar chatting with the staff, there is a thought that if we started the crawl here we wouldn't have made it far. We'll defintely be back here for a full entry as it rightly deserves.
news vendors cry Hosanna!
The premise of Journal Spilling came about in a very organic way. That is the way I work: just by starting and letting everything spill out until I get to the heart of it, that little nugget of truth that needs to be in the high beams. The six months before the photoshoot, was spent in the process of making the art and coming up with the projects: stretching and challenging myself. I kinda did what I always do: moodle around with materials until an idea begins to emerge then jump on that galloping horse and make the art (except times 10!).
What I do know is that he certainly wasn’t basing his opinion on medical evidence. Nor was he helping me in the least by saying such a thing. I never actually believed his dire predictions but I cannot deny that his words scared me at first. And they came back to me from time to time. Like a prickly haunting echo. Like some wispy, woo-woo kind of Dickensian Christmas Carol ghost of my MS Future. And, of course, this ghost would shadow me when I felt the most vulnerable, the sickest & weakest & wobbliest. Which is to say, those words would kick me when I was already down.
I also added texture to the wall...sanded paint that adds a bit of farmhouse personality to this powder-room. The color is Delaware Putty by Benjamin Moore...Ultra White trim color also by Benjamin Moore.
"People are afraid they would lose their identity and their quality of life if the monarchy disappeared," he said.
12 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
Is it baseball season yet?
We've had weddings and nuptial celebrations (will be posting about this in the next few days) and lots and lots of honeymooners
I don't know about you but when it comes time to help my kids with homework, I would rather go to the dentist. I hate all the whining and crying and everything else that goes with homework (and the kids whine a lot too!). But we have to help our kids - that is part of parenting, or so I'm told. But what happens when you don't know what you are doing and can't help them with their homework? Well, back when we were in school the answer was easy, but not that fun - tutoring. You either had to stay late after school to let your teacher help you or our parents had to pay someone to tutor us, and that doesn't sound cheap to me.
But really, the magazine is aimed at people who can’t get online or who may not frequent the internet often, maybe that’s the magazines main target audience and if that’s the case, the six pounds is justified as is the demo disc of old demos. It isn’t offensive reading material either, but it isn’t anything which is going to be memorable, it is quirk free, no-nonsense official. And that’s what it is meant to be.
One thing that does not carry over well in an English translation (and I’m quite sure we had a difficult time keeping it as well) is that Sasaki acts differently than what a girl is supposed to in Japanese society. Her use of the first person pronoun “boku” (and not in a cutesy way) challenges her status as a woman in that culture. We don’t see her chatter about the normal “girlish” things, nor do we see her speak much with her own gender. The only scene where she’s only with girls is when Kyon meets her at the station for the second time, and that’s with Kuyou and Kyouko Tachibana, two members of the Fake SOS-Brigade. I hope we get to see how she interacts at the class reunion.
Best eaten with rice cake (lontong), flavored rice or flat bread. In fact this chicken rendang compliments well with the pumpkin pulao.
I found myself getting so excited about my friend and his learning and his success and coaching and facilitating new development that I lost almost all interest in my own climbing. This is potentially problematic because my climbing journey has hit the point where I’ve hit a wall(literally and no pun intended) and I have to work harder with less visible progress in order to succeed. Frankly, I don’t like this stage.
Anthony Peckham, Invictus
Dear BabyCakes,
Moon - The next difficult task performed by the character is given a bonus of +10.
Jenny reasons that her parents and teachers have failed to achieve a life she can regard as inspirational and, as she is joyful and intoxicated with David and his friends, why should she work so hard to pursue an Oxford career? Why not drop out and live life to the fullest? As events unfold, things are not as clear cut as they seemed.
I think they are more cute than you can buy on line. (If I do say so myself;)
If that registered a 4.9 on the Richter scale, consider their newest beer the Big One, a 9+ San Francisco-razing shocker: Kellerweis, an authentic Bavarian hefeweizen (and also slated to be a year-round beer). This really is a major departure. Not only is the beer distinct in style, but it's a pretty big change in terms of brewing. Before we get into the tasting notes, have a look at the beer's bio, provided by SN:
Mr Musa Aman may be a busy chap, but a quick phone call to these institutions by his office should achieve the result with very little of his valuable time being wasted!
(3) Here's a crazy one that I wasn't able to try out yet- use a small, dense paint roller! lol. Chill your cake and then take a paint roller to it. Apparently it works wonders! (You rock, Ellen!) I really want to attempt this but haven't had time to run out and get one. Apparently you can find them at Home Depot! Cool, eh? I'll let you guys know how it works out once I get a chance to try it!
I can’t wait for the produce guy to get back with his fresh load. I’m hoping he has something I’ve never had before!
The review copy was kindly sent by the publisher, Chronicle Books. If you make a purchase using the Amazon links on this site, a small portion goes to Great Kid Books (at no cost to you!). Thank you for your support.
b) one 1024×1024 full-length shot of your avatar wearing Danielle Mirette Cocktail Special Edition dress (any color)
we worked with burlap
– This is a buffer. You can make it more or less. It all depends on when this package is getting executed and how long your entire master package process takes.
~ Gillian
I guess we have Jeremiahs now in the pagan community. If they want to go doom and gloom that’s fine with me but they really need to grow up. The “End Times” is a stupid and hopeless concept that does no good for anyone and because it IS hopeless. It’s a convenient excuse not to try and change things. Humans have been predicting the “End Times” since time began and it hasn’t happened yet, whether it be Revelations or Ragnarok.
says she is a mother; the still-sealed jars
- True love
Here is a picture of the Easter baskets I mentioned at the bottom of this post (I used clay pots instead of "baskets" for Easter baskets this year). I forgot to take a "before" picture without children with the pots plain with goodies in them. This is (obviously!) after the dc painted them. I have the varnish and the dirt to FINALLY get my strawberries, cucumbers, and such container-potted. Poor plants are barely hanging on in their tiny nursery pots. It didn't occur to me to tell them *not* to paint inside the pots and 2 have paint inside. I'm not sure how to deal with this. I think I'll varnish the outside and then try to wash off the paint from the inside before planting. By the way, I got 'made in the USA' clay pots at Wal-Mart so I'm thinking that there won't be any lead or nasties in our 'organic' container garden.
all my talking on that night except for that tiny little voice in the
Maybe that will make you smile. But the next time you have to comfort someone, consider carefully whether words are needed or a sympathizing touch that might speak even more effectively than words.
Clark Gregg is good too, and his demise is a surprise to me. I knew someone was dying in this movie, but I had Hawkeye pegged for the role, or maybe the Widow. I did not see this coming and it was one real genuine surprise. A heart tug too as Agent Coulson has been built up neatly over the course of these flicks.
Mix the pastry ingredients with cold chunks of butter - this is not the easiest physical task, so I hope your biceps are in shape. Do not use the electric hand mixer - the dough is too hard for it. Once you're done, wrap your pastry in plastic foil and put it back in the fridge while you make the filling.
And did he get a lot of stick from predominantly English audiences for being German?
BONUS CD: Guided visualizations that will expedite your desires!
When I was single, I felt the same way. I was meeting lots of people--but no one I really wanted to date. And the guys I did like already had girlfriends (or just weren't interested, sad). My mom kept telling me that I would definitely end up with someone fabulous and that I shouldn't worry so much. She said she was 100% sure and that it was normal to worry but that I didn't need to. But it was easy for her to say--she was already blissfully married! And I was 28 (which felt old to me at the time). Plus, New York seemed like the roughest place to date: You're always surrounded by models (honest-to-goodness perfect-skinned, long-legged, 6-foot-tall Ukrainian models), and the guys you meet seem to either be married or a little nuts.
It's a #writemotivation month again, so every Monday I'll be blogging about how things are coming with meeting my goals for the month.
What other lumpy goods can you think of in this context?
I got out the Cuttlebug and used a new embossing folder I bought from Hobby Lobby, and then I ran some black ink over it to add a little interest. The black and white patterned papers were also a Hobby Lobby purchase. I have the worst time embellishing boy cards, so I just have a metal peace brad and a few buttons. I should make a few more guys while I'm on a roll!
Doug Holder: Jan, you have a new poetry collection coming out " Misery Island." Can you talk about it.
In the wake of the announcement that he has taken an ‘extended break’ from football as he recovers from ulcerative colitis, Manchester United and Scotland are posed with the challenge of finding a replacement.
Generations at war?
Low fat victoria sponge (recipe to follow on another blog!)
E. school chums
1. Indigenous peoples have the right to determine and develop
But this is nothing new – Latin Link has known this for a long time. Over ten years ago, Latin Link brought their first Latin American ‘reverse missionaries’ to Britain. They are serving God through the local church in some of the toughest places in our cities, especially among groups of migrants and those whom the church has found hardest to reach. And they didn’t go home after three weeks, they are still here, seeing God do extraordinary things!
I have this problem of not being able to watch TV without doing something else at the same time. In fact, if I don’t have a project in my hands, that little hourglass that shows up on my computer screen when it’s waiting for something to load floats around in the air and taunts me for putting my real life on hold! But Dave and I do have a few favorite shows, so making these little 3 x 3 pillow ornaments is my new TV activity.
The Chinese scout knew something was wrong. His fellow scout had disappeared – without a sound as far as he could tell. It hit him the instant that he began to zag back toward their center line. His senses picked up on his counterpart’s absence as much as anything else. Alert and ready, the scout froze in position. He crouched with his rifle at port-arms. His finger slid inside the trigger guard as he scanned the trees and water for his brother in arms.
I know I am extremely lucky in both regards and wouldn't change any of it for any amount of money.
Yes, HUGE circles or "roller coasters" as the boys explain to me on the hall wall and small areas in Trevor's and Brody's room. I couldn't believe it, but I did have to laugh a little. Thank goodness for Magic Eraser even though it doesn't do a great job and kind of takes off some of the paint - maybe that's because we have flat paint on our walls. The funny thing is that my dad was there and he really thought he would be painting the walls that weekend. Not yet dad, but it's coming soon.
of useful feeling that makes you give a better performance when you’re on stage. Mind you, as a prolific writer and as a creative writing teacher I suffer from Constant Editor Syndrome and I have to stop myself editing as I read out loud.
Moshe Feiglin: Loser
Ever hear of anything like that? My OWN cake?
Megazooms are alive and well, despite all the attention given to smaller, compact interchangeable lens cameras. And Panasonic has done a good job with its latest long zoom, the 12 megapixel FZ150. In challenging conditions the FZ150 gives better image quality than its predecessor thanks, in great part, to Panasonic’s decision to go with a much more capable 12 megapixel CMOS sensor instead of the FZ100's unimpressive 14MP unit. A wide angle, image-stabilized 24x (25-600mm) zoom, raw mode, full manual and automatic controls, an articulated LCD, full HD video and 3D capture are only some of this highly capable camera’s feature highlights but look away from the impressive spec sheet and you’ll find that image quality is very good too, across the span of the camera’s 24x optical zoom lens.
It’s been a while since I last struggling to manually install PHP into my Windows XP machine, and when I moved to Windows Vista, I’m no longer using PHP. Microsoft have released a Web Platform Installer (Web PI) for a while already, it’s a great installer, bundled with lots of tools that we can download and install within the installer itself, and have IIS configure it for us!
Animal Collective - Sung Tongs - 2004
In the final part of this series, the concept of cloud storage will be explored further. Cloud storage, simply put, is the concept of storing information in secure locations online rather than on a hard disk on a PC, laptop or server. This has obvious benefits to both businesses and home users, not least enabling data backup and sharing, as well as device synchronising (Gladinet and iCloud). By utilising clustering and load balancing technologies, these solutions offer a much reduced risk to data loss through hardware failure. Furthermore, cloud storage is incredibly flexible and responsive to actual needs. Where traditionally, a business would have to purchase a SAN (or server in smaller cases) capable of not only supporting the existing needs but also the expected growth in needs over the SAN/ server’s lifespan, cloud storage allows business to rapidly increase their storage capacity and thus reduce wasted expenditure.
So ashamed of my life, my life, my life
-BROGUE KICK OUT OF NO WHERE!!!!! Sheamus crawls…..1..2….KICKOUT!!!!
This discussion matters because this is a society in which, when sharing that I was going to have a girl, more than one commented, "Oh, too bad." And "Oh, girls are so hard. I'm sorry!" One said, "I knew Chris didn't have a boy in him." (I wanted to reply, "Actually, he did, but my cervix didn't have it in it to keep him alive.")
Wait..croaked Gustave... you can take a seat on this mossy pillow...after I, as the true gentlemen that I am...covered it with my very clean handkerchief..so your lovely dress will not get wet..
Tressel was referencing the issues the Browns have had in the past with several players getting staph infections.
To experience where the city and river connect, it’s an essential location. It’s also a place of unity. Forget the state line, somewhere deep in the Missouri River. Forget city boundaries. The waters flow together here.
Permission for this race, and the authority for these road closures, comes from the Office of the Governor.
"Usually it was secret, so top secret," said Ess, who co-founded the Beauty Department with Conrad. "But now the way that things are, it's so easy to get it out there."
"The camel milk doesn't have any kind of earthy taste," said Epstein, owner of Jack Epstein's Covered Chocolate. "In fact, it seems a little caramelly."
This -- and a playoff series –– is all that's left. Which is why the Cavaliers should arrive at the Rose Garden tonight to find a focused, crisp team that wants to send a message not just about how good it is, but about how serious it is.
Even Kansas junior Jeff Withey struggled to get the ball up to the rim. And Withey is a 7-footer.
Gibson points out that dealing with Law and Burke is "like salt in the wound for those who support the nuns."
Here’s how Adair, who is Sterling Professor of Physics Emeritus at Yale University, breaks down the reaction time for a batter, who is facing a 90 mph fastball.
Drinkwater in 1995 predicted that the waterfront -- an "eyesore" -- would be "a place to walk, shop, get in a gondola and go for a ride down the canal -- anything you want."
"We gave them our menu in November and they said we needed a catering permit," he said. "It took us three months working with the county to determine what permits we needed. We contacted them well before we went into business."
The prosecution, prior to trial, dropped a dozen related charges. Solovic was also acquitted of a sexual exploitation of a child charge that related to the cellphone accusation.
"We've been seeing a lot of vaccine hesitancy lately," Sommer said. "And part of it is that vaccines are victims of their own success." Not a lot of folks have seen kids die of diphtheria.
"Architects are very happy about this solution as they reduce overhead costs and have the opportunity to spend more time with their family," said Carlo Caccavale, associate director of the Los Angeles AIA.
Some details, though, can be gleaned from the agency's Web page, where it posts a sea of data showing <U+0096> species by species <U+0096> the millions of birds and mammals its employees kill each year. Sift through the numbers and you find that about 560,000 predators were killed across America from 2006 to 2011, an average of 256 a day.
Will you ever address ways to keep mice and rats under control in an urban setting? The pest guy wanted to charge me $1,500 and use some poisons that "I shouldn't worry about because the dog would have to eat many, many dead mice to get enough poison to kill the dog."
Nearly 12 years ago, you entered the world, along with my hopes and aspirations for you. One of my greatest hopes was that this day never would come. The day that generations of black parents have dreaded because it meant innocence lost.
Scott, a seven-time winner on the PGA Tour whose best finish at Firestone was a tie for ninth last year, hit 15 of 18 greens in regulation and needed just 23 putts in a bogey-free round to put the finishing touches on his ninth start on the South Course.
By the time of his death, his was the face of terrorism.
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said Friday he could not comment on the indefinite suspension of Coyotes forward Raffi Torres while the case is pending. But when asked about Torres' hit to the head of the Hawks' Marian Hossa, Bettman allowed that "most people who have observed it are suggesting they think it should've been a penalty."
I used to run track in junior high school and I played sports in junior high school. I'm somewhat of an athlete so I didn't have a problem with it. Me and Warren were kind of complaining in the first couple of episodes about all the foot chases. And, you know, the reality is, real detectives and beat cops do a lot more foot chasing than they do shootouts. The idea that someone could be a detective for 25 years and maybe pull their gun once is kind of like, 'OK, I'll take the foot chase.' I don't think I can be on TV as a cop if I never got to pull my gun, so let's chase some people.
The second type of help -- lower co-pays -- will go to those who earn less than 250 percent of the federal poverty level. That's $27,225 for a single person; $36,775 for a couple; and $55,875 for a family of four.
She became an advocate for charities, serving on the board of directors of the AIDS Foundation St. Louis (now Doorways.)
After dealing with a crisis like this, he said, he tries not to let legal issues and medical bills consume him. He wants to move on.
He said he was told that Liu Weiguo, a Shandong lawyer who volunteered to represent Chen Kegui, had been threatened not to take the case and had his movements restricted by authorities. Liu's cellphone was turned off and he could not be reached Monday.
Researchers have harvested bacteria on the Earth's surface that was thousands of years old and reported last year that some of them were resistant to antibiotics. That might have been due to exposure to natural antibiotic threats in their environment.
Step one: Using wire cutters, trim all the stems (silk foliage pieces) to make them about 3 inches long, and trim the picks (gourds and other Styrofoam/plastic pieces) if needed.
LOS ANGELES -- The downcast faces of the Oregon women's basketball team said it all.
The group had finished a ski run and was waiting to be picked up by a helicopter at a landing area. As they waited, the avalanche began and the guide ordered everyone to run for cover.
EUREKA QUIETLY BUILDING SOLID PROGRAM
ASSAULT, EAST BAGLEY ROAD: A tutor at a secured treatment center in Guidestone filed a report April 20 that he was assaulted by a resident, 17, at the facility. The teen had previous outbursts.
It's one hateful world out there.
WASHINGTON -- Pundits say the darnedest things on TV.
"While I remain committed to expanding access to oral health services for all New Jerseyans, and would reconsider a new bill at the appropriate time, the ideas proposed by the Higher Education Task Force should be considered without the additional changes to the structure of higher education," the veto reads.
View full sizeTorsten Kjellstrand/The OregonianEarl Diment (from left), Tim Birr and Joe Burchyski celebrate Wednesday at Kells after a Portland City Council vote approving renovation of PGE Park for Major League Soccer. The three play in a pipe band for the Timbers Army fan group. The City Council on Wednesday approved a $31 million agreement with Portland Timbers owner Merritt Paulson to renovate PGE Park for Major League Soccer, clearing the way for Portland to become a two-major-league-sports city in 2011.
"The law and the system grant you a lot of power as a prosecutor," Talley said. "You never, ever want to be shaving ... 20 or 30 years after a case, and while looking at yourself in the mirror and think, 'Hey, was that guy I convicted innocent? Or if he was guilty, did he really deserve a life sentence?'
A stressed-out consumer might see a promotion on the Internet and think "Why not?"
In his speech, the president declared that the new unit will "hold accountable those who broke the law, speed assistance to homeowners." But years have passed since the crisis began. Evidence needed to gain convictions will be more difficult to obtain than it would have been in 2009.
#4 TOKYO IS OPENING UP -- BIG TIME. If you get there and start to feel like you're back in Brooklyn, or San Francisco or London or Cape Town, it's not just you. It's Tokyo, too. Japan may be uncertain about this whole global-village thing, but as the years go on, Tokyo is starting to feel a lot closer to the rest of the planet. And this isn't just about all the coffee joints, microbreweries, Doughnut Plant donuts or hipsters wearing flannel shirts -- it's more than just being on the various trend bandwagons. The city just feels a little bit more open to the outside world as time passes. And that's a good thing.
“I just hope that even if a bit of that rubs off, I should be safe.”
He went on to complain that most members of Congress have never worked in the oil business, adding that "we are way underexposed in Congress."
Slow pit stops cost Stewart track position on more than one occasion, but it was the final caution that proved the undoing of the defending Cup champion, who has three Richmond victories but none since 2002.
Now SAP's chairman, the 68-year-old engineer is trying to take advantage of cheaper memory chips in servers to speed up complex business calculations and allow companies to do in seconds what currently can take hours or days. The aim is to allow executives to quickly access and analyze business data even on hand-held devices.
Schmidt said school officials were wasting time disciplining kids for not wearing badges, time that would be better spent focusing on education.
"We see both firms as motivated to do a deal," Coffina said. He has an interesting case, as CVS' Caremark unit has its own worries from an Express Scripts-Medco merger.
Disney, which acquired Marvel Studios for $4.2 billion in 2009, has launched a massive marketing campaign that includes about $100 million in tie-ins with several companies, including Visa, Acura, Hershey, Harley-Davidson, Dr Pepper and Wyndham Hotels. The corporate tie-ins, according to Variety, are expected to last through the DVD/Blu-ray release in September.
In 2005, Teresa saw a television advertisement for joint replacement surgeries through the Operation Walk program. She called and placed Cruz on the list; nine months later, they got a phone call.
Violent consumer behavior, with the rare introduction of guns and knives, would appear to be a distinctly American phenomenon.
Truth or Dare ranges in price from $39 to $68.
the validity of corporate bylaws that run St. Stanislaus Kostka Catholic Church, members of the Polish congregation are growing anxious about their future.
Traditionally, these folks have had little choice but to air their numerous grievances to anyone misfortunate enough to be present after another disappointing consumer transaction. But then, as evidence of God's wisdom and benevolence toward the rest of us, He invented the Internet.
On a $10 bet, you stand to lose 18 cents — this is the best table in town. Bring a seat cushion. Play this right and you have an even chance of winning.
"The signing of this bill represents our collective next step as a state to testing the limits of space," Hickenlooper said in a statement.
Then, in 2003, Sweeney, who was a Gloucester County freeholder at the time, said the county started another serious discussion about the rail line once again.
Perez shows a genuine wide-eyed innocence while Goldman effortlessly charms as the low-self-esteem assistant, shining on the wistful ballad "Somewhere That's Green." Audrey dates bad- boy dentist Orin Scrivello, who continually abuses her, which ultimately motivates Seymour to take action. William Elsman, now familiar to STC audiences for several roles over the last few years, has a field day here with numerous roles including the sadistic Orin on the multilevel parody "Dentist!" Jeffrey Lloyd Heatherly gives a dynamic performance as the compelling and soulful voice of the bloodthirsty Audrey II.
The Dec. 31 incident was reported by neighbor Ivory Madison after Lopez told her about the altercation. According to court documents in the criminal case, Madison shot a video in which a crying Lopez points to her injury and says: "I'm going to use this just in case he wants to take Theo away from me because he did said (sic) that he's a very powerful and can do it."
Five Hundredth Game Is Finally Won By The Great Veteran, Cy Young
Logical professional career path?
"I don't think it has been a huge deterrent," said Brian Sclar, the president of the metal recycling business Frederick Reliable. "But I do think it has been very effective in solving a number of copper theft crimes."
Apple respectfully declined to comment on rumors.
According to Assembly Speak Sheila Oliver, an Essex County administrator, the New Jersey law allowing public employees to serve in Trenton without taking vacation days to vote and attend committee meetings allows others who aren’t “independently wealthy, hail from corporate America or are self-employed” to represent their fellow residents.
A state appeals court overturned Kramer 2-1 in October, saying the right to marry applies only to opposite-sex couples. They noted other steps California had taken toward equal rights for gay men and lesbians.
Kevin Slowey (1-1, 2.45 ERA) started and took the loss.
Where: 37900 N. Cave Creek Parkway, Cave Creek. From downtown Phoenix, take Interstate 17 north to Exit 223. Drive east on the Carefree Highway about 6.7 miles, then turn north onto 32nd Street and go 1.7 miles to the park entrance. Continue along Cave Creek Parkway about a mile to Tonalite Drive West. Turn north and proceed 0.1 mile to Tonalite Drive East, then turn right into the parking area. The Slate Trail begins off the south side of the parking lot.
Barry, you have been arguing that the sky will fall if pastors are allowed to speak freely. In fact, your assertion Thursday that you do not engage in hyperbole doesn't square with Americans United's blog post today calling one of the Pulpit Initiative pastors a "hurricane" that poses a "category 4 threat to American democracy." The reality is that for 166 years of American history, since the ratification of the Constitution, pastors spoke freely and even endorsed or opposed candidates from the pulpit. Sometimes they did so during very contentious elections. What is plainly evident during that time is that churches didn't turn into political machines and the republic didn't fall apart. Barry, the weight of history is against you and the IRS.
The Dow is up 748.13 points, or 6.1 percent.
Staying active, remaining flexible and avoiding falls can be challenging for someone with Parkinson’s disease. Yoga was shown in recent studies to have a positive impact on the overall health of Parkinson’s patients.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Hewlett-Packard says it's making one last run of its TouchPad tablet computer before the device is officially retired -- again.
In that incredible game, Roy made 8 of 10 field goals and recorded four assists in the fourth quarter, accounting for 12 of the Blazers' 15 field goals in the deciding quarter.
øIt's tough for someone to vote against feeding hungry children or bringing clean water to an impoverished village.
Divided into parts labeled “Curiosity,” “Empathy,” “Loyalty” and so on, “Map” is clearly tackling big themes. Now and then, one of the characters interrupts the action to warble a mournful song while playing a banjo.
Rarely was a man so uninterested in being loved or adored. Starting with the Caldecott, the great parade marched on and on. He received the Hans Christian Andersen award in 1970 and a Laura Ingalls Wilder medal in 1983. President Bill Clinton awarded Sendak a National Medal of the Arts in 1996 and in 2009 President Obama read "Where the Wild Things Are" for the Easter Egg Roll.
A benign list sparked a familiar feud.
Revenge should be on the Seagulls’ mind Wednesday when they host Susan Wagner. On Saturday, Wagner beat MSIT in the Seward Park tournament semifinals, but in league play Tech has not lost a match in three years and has owned Staten Island in coach Dave Mahon’s tenure.
It also has a two-room suite for Blackie. The dry part, where we he takes his meals, is about 15 feet by 15 feet. The wet part, where he spends much of his day, has a 6-foot-deep, climate-controlled pool that is about 16 feet by 28 feet.
Last week we were treated to five full-out fire and brimstone storms, all before the equinox, the official first day of spring.
“I jumped for it, landed on the fence, kind of jolted my arm back,” Jones said. “I should have caught it.”
“And Shelley? Amazing: teacher, writer, world-traveller, chef extraordinaire.
"This is the first time I’ve enjoyed my life like that," he said.
Krueger's neighbor Gretta Stritesky arrived home to find a tree had crashed through the roof and come to a rest on her bed. Somehow, Stritesky managed a smile at the room's odd mix -- leaves, rumpled sheets, shingles, a fuzzy pink blanket, all cast into an unnatural relief by sunlight peeking through the roof. "My pillow is covered by this huge tree!" she said.
I want to love the restaurant, and I recognize the artistry on every plate, but I left thinking that some classics need to be left alone. For example, the rabbit au civet ($17) was basically a scaled-down version of a hearty dish, shrunk to a barely there appetizer, with cubes of meat in a heavy demi-glace on one side and soft polenta mounted with Ossau-Iraty cheese on the other. I'd either like more bells and whistles to make it a new dish or a bigger portion so I could savor its rustic goodness.
In February, an Arch employee was performing maintenance on the tram when he was pinned between the moving tram and the internal structure of the Arch. He survived.
An 8-foot boa constrictor named d'Artagnan is on the loose in Grants Pass after the owner's roommate mistakenly let the snake out, the Grants Pass Department of Public Safety said today.
Walk south on Skinker. Turn right and walk west into the shaded walkway parallel to Brookings Drive.
“One thing that we feel we take pride in is that usually, we are the superior team,” North Carolina point guard Kendall Marshall said. “We don’t want to adjust our game, we want to make other teams adjust to us. That’s something that we’ve done well in the first three games. But Kentucky’s a team — they like to get up and down too.”
Crombeen actually came close to doubling the drama. He had a similar scoring chance moments later in the first period and narrowly missed with a whistling shot.
"It's unfortunate that the other guys are closing, but I really think people are looking for a quality product and value for their money," he said. "Even though we're not the cheapest pizza in town, you get what you pay for."
Henry said that Express Scripts has a strong track record of working with retail pharmacies, which will continue. "Ultimately, the consumer benefits because they'll still have broad access to pharmacies, their medicines will still be more affordable, and we're focused on improving outcomes."
Comment: No rumblings this week from owner Jim Irsay about Robert Griffin. He's too busy tweeting about teams needing to trade up to No. 3 to draft Ryan Tannehill.
Another issue for the charter school is whether or not PIACS can lease St. Joseph’s Seminary on Mapleton Road in Plainsboro. PIACS chose the 44-acre site in June, but then encountered the legal challenge.
"The theater is a community project; therefore, we would like residents to be there for this special event," said Economic Development Director Jonathan Ferry, one of several city officials who will take part in the ground breaking. At the July 7 City Council meeting, aldermen approved a bid for ICS Construction Services, of St. Louis, to construct the theater at a cost of $3.6 million.
(23) Gateway (5-4) vs. (10) Lakewood (8-1), Friday, 4 p.m.
In the secretary of state's race, Republican Jon Husted defeated Democrat Maryellen O'Shaughnessy.
"I think we left it in as good as shape as we can for the next group to come in there and do the best they can with it. We're not happy in the sense that we weren't able to get sufficient traction out there as an operator.
Peres began his visit to Canada on Sunday.
Marrero said that little is likely to change at the building.
Thus, Schiano will likely have little patience with Nova if he struggles early in spite of the vote of confidence in his young quarterback.
"Moving to the Atlantic 10 allows us to associate and compete with institutions with outstanding academic profiles and values," Butler athletics director Barry Collier said in a statement announcing the move. "They value the experience of the student-athlete."
He slumped in a black suit, blue shirt and black tie, bracing for a claustrophobic courtroom, a stern judge.
The 38.7 million people who carry Bank of America debit cards will face a similar decision in the latest example of banks raising fees or establishing new ones — not just for debit cards but for visiting ATMs or talking to a teller.
Watch for further reports later today and Tuesday in The Oregonian.
33 PATRIARCH CT $277,000
"The percentage of women in Congress is 17 percent," points out the president of Emily's List, a national political action committee aiming to elect pro-abortion rights Democratic women to Congress. "The United States is down in the world of democracies in women elected to office.
In fact, coach Vin Lananna didn't make a final decision until Thursday, two days before the meet.
Hunter Hayes 8 p.m. Mar. 8. $18-$20. Four-packs: $54.
A similar scenario played out in 1998 when the state was sued for not providing accurate mental health screening services for children eligible for the Medi-Cal program. In 2001, advocates won their case against the state, and by 2008 the federal court appointed a special master to oversee the program's renovation. Costs soon skyrocketed, and there is little the Legislature can do about it.
“We don’t have the warranty information readily available,” Lavoie said, adding, however, that staff estimated the warranty for the light fixtures has expired and likely lasted only one to five years.
And in May, 4-year-old Annie Carimbocas was pronounced dead of blunt-force trauma at Cardon Children's Hospital in Mesa. CPS had dismissed an earlier report on the child, hospitalized with bruised eyes and a bashed ear, as an accident.
While pizza has top billing, all of the supporting players could easily move into a starring role, making Zero Zero much more than a pizza restaurant.
(Programming note: We will be live-blogging from opening day/night in Miami over at Cardinal Beat, the Team PD baseball blog.)
"I've always been open to a solution," said Flowers, aldermen in far northeast city's 2nd Ward. And if the solution were reasonable, she said she'd "absolutely" be willing to give Grim the $250,000.
nology from Hewlett-Packard Co.
“It’s better than that stuff you listen to,” says Lundberg, who turns the talk toward her children and what they are doing today.
The projected revenue increase will help Christie make a $1.06 billion payment into the state’s troubled pension system. While the payment is the largest payment in years, it is well short of the $3.74 billion payment that actuaries say is necessary to meet its obligations.
One night earlier, he explained, he and his wife were at a hotel in Town and Country when a construction worker's mistake set off fire alarms in the lobby that never rang in the rooms. One employee told him the system was "messed up," but another promised it would have worked just fine in a "real fire."
Christie confirmed the account during an unrelated press conference in Atlantic City today.
He also said too much attention was being paid to the approval process. Meanwhile, more information emerged about the troopers involved in the March 30 caravan.
Davies says of blanc de noirs and brut rosé: "The Pinot Noir character is not sweet, but has intense raspberry fruit. As such, it can be tasted nicely with savory food, but it also has a nice juiciness so (it) would go nicely with salmon or tuna. I like it with Hawaiian-style poke and other raw tartare- like recipes."
Newark- 11
The Linear PCM 2.0 mono track fares about the same. Some age related hissing and popping are fairly consistent, but never distracting. The sound quality is generally good with all dialogue and ambient sounds clearly discernable. Max Steiner’s beautiful score has never sounded better on a home video release. As of this printing, this is THE definitive home video release of A STAR IS BORN.
Two weeks later, when Sloan came to Duke for his intravenous chemotherapy treatments, Quinn came to the hospital to visit.
The Zone 6 commander said the unidentified officer heard the screams of a woman walking to her car on Hawthorne Street off Hosea L. Williams Drive in Reynoldstown a little before 2:30 a.m. The officer ran to the woman's aid, and the suspect fled.
ø21. Boston Celtics
After making a minimum $32 million in an impressive performance Saturday night against Cotto, Mayweather could be excused for dismissing what would be the richest fight in boxing history. But, with jail time coming up for a domestic abuse charge, there will be plenty of time for reflection about his future
Officials on Saturday also disclosed the deaths of 10 members of a U.S.-supported local police force in a roadside bombing a day earlier in Wardak province, outside the capital, Kabul. The explosion took place as the officers were helping provide security for international troops handing out aid to villagers, the provincial police chief said.
"Imagine how excited they were, and then how crushed we all felt as we watched Jack suffer from issues that are common to people with spinal cord injuries," the CaringBridge entry said. "Usually these issues subside, but not this time."
State voters will decide in November whether to uphold a law that allows some illegal immigrants to attend universities at in-state tuition rates and may also weigh in on a same-sex marriage law the General Assembly approved in February.
She was a volunteer at the Gravity Games in Copper Mountain, Colo., in 2005 and the games in Cleveland in 2002, 2003 and 2004.
Mark Feinroth of the Maryland Association of Realtors said sellers — not licensed agents — should shoulder the disclosure responsibility. He also said a 25 percent penalty seemed steep for "inadvertent violations" in receiving the credit.
Whether you're shopping at Tiffany, contemplating the Liberty Bell, hiking in Yosemite National Park or throwing dice inLas Vegas, odds are good you'll meet an international tourist enjoying America alongside you.
Brudenell: 1. Power; 2. Briscoe; 3. Dixon.
Hancock County Sheriff Mike Shepherd has said Vangundy did not need to be at the scene because a deputy coroner was available.
That probably doesn't mean any more time for golf or his four kids, seven grandkids or wife of 54 years, though he insisted they have not been neglected over the years. He has dinner every Sunday evening with the families of two of his children, who both work at Hopkins.
"I called them and told them I could make payments. I could pay them some money. I asked them for more time. But they didn't listen," he said.
“But they gave it to us pretty good. We didn’t have much to come back with. Obviously, it hurts when you’re playing from behind early, like we have the past few days. And then, we just couldn’t seem to mount much offensively. And way too many mental errors.”
In the end, Kansas City comes off as smart and fun-loving. Though there is little new for locals on this barbecue crawl to add to their own bucket lists, Bourdain does his homework, weaving together iconic architecture, history, tourist locales and anonymous (yeah, right) passers-by.
Johnson, a three-year member of the Francis Howell board and its current vice president, said Wednesday he was considering his options, but he was skeptical of a recount changing the outcome. "So I'm not sure that would help me," he said.
Falnnery Davis scored for Palisade in the 70th minute.
The other half of the house, 1409 Clinton Ave., had three smoke detectors, one on each floor, Scalera said. But those on the first and second floors were not functioning, and the one in the basement was "chirping," indicating the battery was dying.
A Northeast fire district ambulance headed to the scene, followed by a Northeast fire truck. The fire district crew took over resuscitation attempts and started an IV to give Jones medication intended to stimulate his heart, according to fire district and other records.
Then there's the matter of daytime meals. Simone sometimes skips breakfast and lunch or has low-nutrition snacks such as chips. Fuentes often picks her up after school with fruit and water ready, but Ventura points out that going for long periods without eating can trick the body into starvation mode, making it difficult to lose weight and maintain a steady metabolism. As for Amber, she favors fast food, which concerns Fuentes: "I tell her to try to make healthier decisions because you don't know what's going on in your stomach."
For those who submit federal tax returns on paper, different steps may have to be taken to obtain the necessary forms this tax season.
"The (House Republican) commissioners embraced the concept of minimum change," said Ann Wagner of St. Louis County, a Republican who served as vice chairman of the House panel.
Even under the best of circumstances, the setback will likely sideline Pineda until at least June. The worst case scenario is that follow-up exams reveal damage that was missed in the first round of tests. After an examination in Tampa today, the Yankees decided to send Pineda to New York, where he is scheduled to visit with team doctor Christopher Ahmad on Monday. He will also undergo a dye-contrast MRI exam.
Under national transplant rules, the hospital should have turned down the liver because the intended recipient, Al-Harthi, was unavailable. A patient at UCLA Medical Center was next in line on the list, and doctors there were ready to accept the organ.
Neither Booker nor Cami Anderson, the school district’s newly named superindendent, could be reached to discuss the poll’s findings.
322 Annondale Ln, $366,000
According to the National Fire Protection Association, 3,120 civilians were killed by fire in 2010 — or more than one death every three hours — and another 17,720 were injured. House fires caused 85 percent of those deaths.
For most of you, the long-term horizon is what's important, not day-to-day gyrations of a stock market chart whose lines appear to be plummeting off the page.
Wade's errant shot set off a loud celebration from Knicks fans who hadn't seen their team win in the postseason since beating the Toronto Raptors in Game 3 of a best-of-five series. It didn't look as if the victory would come in this series, after the Knicks had been blown out by 20 points per game in the first three games.
"He said, 'This is what I gotta do, this is my job,'" Samaniego said. "But he let me know how much he loved me and his family and his friends."
“Not yet, but probably,” Garcia said when asked if he’s been spoken to about his future. “We’ll see what happens tomorrow.”
The police department has had plenty of problems in recent years. Township Committee fired Patrolman Hatem “Tim” Wahba a year ago, alleging that he gave false statements about how he interceded to help a man who had fled the scene of a car accident. Wahba denied the charges and filed an appeal of his termination. He seeks a dismissal of the charges against him, compensation for lost pay and benefits, re-instatement to his police job and attorney’s fees.
The Free Press learned from Wayne County Jail staff that Lane was an inmate in 2003 after being arrested on charges of possession of a controlled substance and firearm possession by a felon.
In a few years, as Pujols' skills continue to erode, Cardinals fans will look back on the loss of Albert with the same fondness as they look back at the team's failed pursuits of Mike Hampton, Jason Schmidt and Brian Fuentes. Great job by DeWitt and "Mo" of keeping the long-term interests of the franchise in focus. I am confident Cardinal baseball will survive (and thrive) without Albert.
In 2010, the Drug Enforcement Administration gave doctors the option to send prescriptions electronically for painkillers, but some say the new avenue is rarely used because the rules are too stringent.
Boschert also added the conference schools will begin a common scheduling practice in order to cater to basketball fan bases.
The judge instead reduced it to $20,000, suggesting Bunky Hearst's wife had looted his estate by going on a spending spree with his money and investment accounts. The judge also recounted how, according to court papers, Hearst's wife entered his bedroom with two process servers and told him, "We can do it ugly, or we can do it nice.… Remember one thing: I'm much smarter than you are."
Why it's hot: DJ/VJ Rob Pittman has been at the helm of this popular '80s night since before '80s music was retro chic. Every Monday night, crowds of longtime regulars and new faces head to the Castle for his selections, which have grown to include music from throughout the '90s and into the last decade, as well as a great mix of tunes that venture well past the typical '80s night fare. Four large screens surround the upstairs dance floor, where dancers on platforms gyrate to the synthpop and pop anthems of yesteryear, while others lounge around the massive bar or hang out in the Red Room Bar, an adjoining refuge from the main ballroom. Downstairs is a more laid-back affair, with DJ Sean playing the darker side of the night's mixes in the courtyard attached to the downstairs Saloon.
HOUSING SUMMIT: third annual Regional Diversity Housing Summit, presented by St. Charles County Association of Realtors, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. April 5, Columns Banquet and Conference Center, 711 Veterans Memorial Parkway, St. Charles. Registration begins at 8 a.m. Topics include fair housing education, a program for first-time home buyers, community resources and services, foreclosure prevention and accessible and universally designed housing. Free and open to public. Lunch included, but advanced registration required. RSVP to Gwen@StCharlesRealtors.com or call 636-946-4022.
"The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything, but they make the best of life."
The takeaway: Antoine Young is the lone senior starter, and he scored eight of his 14 points in overtime to help Creighton win the MVC title against Illinois State, 83-79. "We are a team. No single individual brought us to this day," said Doug McDermott, the conference player of the year and tournament MVP. Creighton is making its first NCAA appearance since 2007. Coach Greg McDermott, Doug McDermott's father, took Northern Iowa to the NCAA Tournament in 2004.
When a person jumps from the Golden Gate Bridge, his body plummets 240 to 250 feet in four seconds, traveling about 75 mph, and hits the water with immense force. Here are the most common injuries jumpers can suffer, depending on the angle of entry into the water.
Guests will be able to enjoy wine while watching them at work.
Many investors are paralyzed by this environment, which is unlike anything they have seen in their adult lives. As a result, they're hunkering down in cash and super-safe government bonds. However, as is often the case, investors can look to the past and find potential guideposts for building a portfolio for today's markets.
Cost: $5 general admission
Recreation: Activities include hunting, fishing, boating, swimming, water skiing, camping, backpacking, horseback riding, sightseeing, snowmobiling, ATV trails, down hill and cross-country snow skiing, historical site tours.
In 2001, I said: "An antidote to the mindless rhetoric about shopping as a patriotic duty, is, if you will, sustainable shopping. It supports workaday artists, good manufacturing practices and small businesses and keeps fine craftsmanship and beauty in our daily lives."
City spokeswoman Julie Frisoni said Glendale was thrilled to see AAA address concerns by designating a smoking area for its employees. She said residents, council members, and street crews have seen groups of 15 to 20 employees outside the building, flicking cigarette ashes and butts onto the sidewalk and street.
After the meeting, which is expected to last about 90 minutes, Obama will take a walking tour of the Riddell manufacturing plant in Elyria. which makes sports equipment.
So how did you lose so much weight?
That deeper look showed that companies tend to nudge their earnings numbers up by a 10th of a cent or two. That lets them ...
"You can't fully repeal and replace this law until you have a new president and a better Senate. And that's probably in 2013, but that's before the law fully kicks in, in 2014," Ryan said.
Almost everyone wore something green. Most had T-shirts, while one gentleman wore a full-blown leprechaun outfit, complete with top hat, pipe and curly-toed shoes. A couple walked a white Labrador retriever whose fur was dyed green; the dog walked with a look of humiliation.
Managers say -- even though stores such as Swirl serve Oreo cookie crumbs and squeezable condensed milk as toppings -- the reason is health.
What would your reaction be if the Browns took Clairborne with their first pick in the draft?
Rep. Matt Wingard, R-Wilsonville, opposed the bill, saying he believed it would have unintended consequences on cigar lounges and smoke shops already operating, potentially forcing them out of business.
For Francis Howell Central senior Terrel Wilbourn, this wrestling season will be about more than simply winning a third straight state championship.
with a school dress code that allowed only black or white shoes.
It worked, but sage advice couldn't stop Stenhouse's engine from blowing up on the last lap with Edwards on his rear fender. Stenhouse's No. 6 car spun and Edwards, blinded by the smoke, pushed it across the finish line first.
With reporting by Rich Exner, Plain Dealer data analysis editor
"New York Crane is looking forward to a trial at which it will be shown that what occurred was a tragic accident, and not a crime," the companies' lawyer, Paul Shechtman, said Friday.
Each plate comes with four light balls made of sweetened rice dough, which are filled with a mildly sweet red bean paste and covered in sesame seeds and little drips of a chocolate sauce.
What it is: This tranquil, urban tea lounge infuses organic Square One vodka with Egyptian peppermint and green tea for six hours. Then the staff adds splashes of organic lime juice, agave nectar and sparkling mineral water to create this anti-sugar Mojito, which is fitting for a place that serves only organic and vegetarian food, liquor, teas and wines.
"It's not like alcohol, where one drink a day is OK," she says. "Because bone mass is constantly changing throughout life, soda can cause bone loss at any stage."
The company said it is deciding whether to reduce pressure on 110 miles of misclassified pipe, including lines in Marin, Contra Costa, Santa Clara and Sonoma counties. It told regulators it might need to boost pressure on those lines if demand soars.
The second test is the eucapneic voluntary hyperpnea test that requires the patient to take about 30 big breaths per minute for six minutes while breathing dry air containing five percent carbon dioxide.
Were he alive today, Saltveit says, Bergerson probably would compete in the championship. Instead, Saltveit will face off against four others from around the globe, plus one winning audience member. An audience vote will decide the winner.
Northwood got a strong pitching performance from Jack Pabich, who struck out eight and allowed seven hits and three runs through six innings.
She's since deleted both posts, but before she did, the Phoenix New Times' Martin Cizmar blogged about it, quoting Carlisle's Facebook post, in which she wrote that the Go-Go's "condemn the law and want the date moved." By the time the Phoenix date was canceled early Friday evening, several other sites had picked up on the New Times blog.
Source: adapted from "Baking Illustrated" by the editors of Cook's Illustrated magazine (America's Test Kitchen, $35)
Brungardt: You can kind of see Tatum's eyes, she was licking her chops. This girl is throwing me outside, inside, outside, inside. And if she goes back inside, I'm going to turn on it. She waited for the right pitch and hit it, and it made the difference in the game.
"I wish he'd shoot more," Schneider said with a wide smile.
(05-11) 11:34 PDT HOUSTON, (AP) --
A. It's likely that we're going to be the same size center for the foreseeable future. We can complain about what we don't have, or look at what we have and say how can we leverage this work and help rebuild the economy in Northeast Ohio?
March 4 – Cash was taken from a home in the 8800 block of Southeast 32nd Avenue.
“Jack did this job,” one colleague said yesterday, “by training himself to see what these kids see each morning when they wake up. And that was a gift.”
Individuals — Cichowitz, BV, 18 minutes, 59.11 seconds; Edwards, Bay., 19:01.36; Bryant, PS, 19:24.65; Anderson, Hot., 19:39.81; Miller-ter Kuile, Cen., 20:04.02; Quist, Asp., 20:12.10; Hampton, PS, 20:19.26; Diamond, BV, 20:25.74; Cyr, Bay., 20:26.06; Polson, Hot., 20:26.44; Sutton, Asp., 20:27.66; Parker, Asp., 20:39.52; Isaacson, Asp., 20:40.32; Martinez, CR, 20:44.31; Manning, Gun., 20:48.90.
They include a property tax deduction for people who don't itemize, such as lucrative credits that help businesses finance research and develop new products, and a sales tax deduction that mainly helps people in states without income taxes.
"We have definitely sent a message to the nursing home industry that we mean business, that we're increasing our presence in the homes," Garate said. "If it wasn't making a difference, then I don't think we would be getting that push-back."
BEIRUT (AP) — A Syrian government newspaper says U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is encouraging militant attacks by focusing his criticism on the government.
These four are solidly in the middle and too close to call:
The Federal Trade Commission, which sued the companies, said AMS, Rapid Reduction, PDMI and their owners promised consumers they could help them cut their credit card interest payments.
When, in the spring of 2000, I became aware of a tall ship that would take me from Charleston, S.C., to Baltimore as part of the crew, I signed on immediately and had the time of my life.
In St. Charles County, there were 111 identified meth labs in 2011, up from 90 in 2010. Ninety-six of those were found in the first eight months of the year before the prescription requirement took effect. The meth lab activity in the four remaining months of the year was "minimal," Grellner said.
Henderson posted $60 bail and was released, police said.
But as the world economy recovers and demand for goods rises, a surge in labor and raw materials costs is squeezing retailers and manufacturers who have run out of ways to pare costs.
His inclusion in the Rockies' starting rotation evokes two strong responses: What an inspiring story of someone too stubborn and dedicated to give in to time. And what in the name of God is going on with the Rockies' pitching staff?
Two teammates from the 2006 championship team — a landmark squad that became the first Newark public school to win a state title since 1975 — have been killed, including Jamaal Perry, the team’s star quarterback and Thomas’ distant cousin. The other teammate, Al-Tariq Harris, was shot in the head with a high-powered gun last summer.
"Hence, no wearisome measures are taken anymore to attain the needed large amount of chemicals for explosives," the group wrote in its online magazine, "Inspire."
Then, the commissioner will hold a public hearing, which is likely to be in South Jersey.
For more and more people that's now a portrait of a vanished world.
Plain Dealer news researcher JoEllen Corrigan contributed to this story
W.W. Norton: 304 pp., $24.95
But Whyte's counterpart in Missouri, Keith Spare of the Missouri Council on Problem Gambling, sounded a cautionary note. Spare said that based on the intensive screening that precedes admission to Missouri's list, most people on it have serious gambling problems.
But the Bertuzzi-Weber fight showed a veteran's wisdom in how quickly it got taken care of: second minute of the game and then move on.
"It's fun, it's nice to be outside and it's a nice family activity," Tooman said.
Think of your food packages like an economic barometer: Times are tough, so costs are low and packages are bigger. When times are good, costs are high and packages, to compensate, get smaller.
In less than two weeks time, my daughter will close her eyes, wish a lofty wish, and with a mighty gust, blow out 16 candles.
But while the amiable cries of <U+0093>Bruuuce<U+0094> wafted through the Palace and vintage rousers like <U+0093>Badlands<U+0094> got fists pumping, there were distinctly sober moments too, including a mid-show stretch that included the new <U+0093>Jack of All Trades<U+0094> <U+0097> introduced by Springsteen against the backdrop of economic turmoil.
Late each year, the sacks are interred in a common grave, she said.
Baron Flenory feels targeted. Flenory is the guy who played for Chip Kelly at New Hampshire and who has the relationship with Anthony Wallace, the incoming freshman 5-star linebacker from Dallas.
Council at large (elect 7)
“I think they saw an opportunity to give and donate and took it,” said East Ward Councilwoman Verlina Reynolds-Jackson. “I think it’s good.”
Kappa Kappa Gamma also has chapters at nearby colleges in Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington. One official said investigators were working off the theory that Ivins chose to mail the letters from the Princeton chapter to confuse investigators if he ever were to emerge as a suspect in the case.
On Monday, the San Francisco medical examiner identified the victims: Hua Shun Lei, 65; Vincent Lei, 32; Ying Xue Lei, 37; Wan Yi Xu, 62; and Chia Huei Chu, 30, all of San Francisco. Medical Examiner Deputy Director William Ahern said it was not yet clear if any of them were related.
In addition to the large east side grandstand, another section of seating will be constructed on the south end of the stadium and will sit in front of a new, large video screen.
He signed as a free agent with the Detroit Lions in 2001 and played in four games - the highlight being a game-winning field goal against the Indianapolis Colts - before moving onto the Arena League for a season.
Biologists contend well-fed female black bears in the mid-Atlantic region are more reproductive than elsewhere in North America, giving birth to an average of three cubs per litter and mating as early as 3-years old. Female bears in Canada, for example, do not begin to mate until they reach close to 10 years old, then give birth to just one or two cubs per litter, the biologists say.
Employees: 12.
In related news, a new study reveals that fully half of teenage moms have no idea how birth control, or their own bodies, actually work. Isn't that wonderful? Many thought they couldn't get pregnant on their first try, or didn't believe contraception had any real effect, knew nothing about ovulation, or simply believed that if their seducer was the local pastor, it must be OK. Thanks, Christian right, Catholic church and the GOP for your endless promotion of sexual shame, guilt and miseducation to keep girls in their place! Vaginas are scary!
A novel by Joanna Campbell Slan
Ishimaru, a native of San Jose, has been a member of the EEOC since 2003. His term was set to expire on July 1, and he recently announced he would step down at the end of April.
She boasted that she'd led a successful worker strike in the 1980s after the owner of the New Brunswick restaurant where she was employed tried to pay the busboys in cocaine. "You just can't do that," she explained.
The workout was so unexpected, a large group of reporters stayed around to watch. Then, incredibly, Bryant gave a little mini news conference after he was done, telling the media who stuck around why he put himself through the workout.
-2010: No.2 in strikeouts at 1,184, No. 6 in walks at 545.
2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced
Mitch, 14, came out with his older sister, Noelle Filippe, for some sibling bonding.
Why East Cleveland?
Pros
When landscape designer Rob Collins and his wife, artist Misty Mulleneaux, sketched a mental picture of the home they would build on a piece of Sonoran Desert in north Scottsdale, it was a historical adobe that broke tradition.
Trae said he hopes other kids like him can go to camp "so they can have fun and enjoy the trip."
In the fifth, Hague, Fox and Mercer singled to produce one run, then Fox scored on a passed ball.
"Do you want the people running a $140 million operation to not know their job?" Schroeder asked. "The answer is 'no' - we want them to know their job, so it's important that they have the chance to interact with people from around the country."
Near-term solutions include vehicle-to-vehicle warning systems where our cars computers "talk" to each other to help avoid accidents. Mid-term solutions include cars that are semi-automatic. Think advanced cruise control where the car could literally drive to a pre-programmed destination. Long-term solutions are outlined by connecting "automatic" cars that form vehicle trains on the freeways. Eventually leading to a point where once you get in your car, the car itself does all the work, and you can kick back and relax.
Helsing, the subject of a 2008 Orange County Register investigation, likely will serve five years. He already has spent 2-1/2 years in jail. He had pleaded guilty to 68 felonies, including 55 counts of grand theft.
Rogers Park
Watkins’ desultory direction is matched by Radcliffe’s fairly listless performance as poor Kipps.
--- Don Banks, Sports Illustrated: Stephen Hill, WR, Georgia Tech. “As much as the Ravens need some youth on the offensive line and might be tempted to turn in their card for Wisconsin center Peter Konz, they're intrigued by Hill's field-stretching potential. After watching the Steelers amass a young and impressive receiving corps in recent years, Baltimore knows that getting another weapon for Joe Flacco makes plenty of sense.”
Back home, there were dark rumbles on the domestic front too. On the eve of the shootings, Karilyn Bales had put the house up for sale for more than $50,000 less than they'd paid for it.
Frankie Valli & the Four Seasons 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 10. $40-$100. $10 Smart Seats available.
"With everything our county has gone through," said Dolan, alluding to the public corruption probe that paved the way for a new style of government, "I would remove myself."
"I'm going to preserve all the tools that are necessary in order to make sure that the American people are safe and secure," Obama said during the interview in the Oval Office.
Scott spent his first four seasons with the Oakland Raiders. He recorded 12 sacks through his first two years in the league, but suffered an injury to his ACL that cut short his 2010 campaign after 10 games.
Adams, the controllers union official, said the pilot radioed ahead informing controllers that a cockpit indicator light was warning that the plane’s landing gear had not deployed properly. Controllers watched the aircraft through binoculars as it flew low over the tower to confirm the warning, then cleared the runway, held up other flights and called for emergency vehicles.
The defense motion to interview potential jurors individually was granted by Adams.
Last year, through the first 11 months of the year, Hyundai was the sixth largest automaker in this region, far behind both Honda and Chrysler. This year, Hyundai has passed by Chrysler and is a close No. 5 behind Honda. If Honda's sales growth continues on the path it's been through most of this year, Hyundai could be No. 4 locally within a few months.
It appears that unbridled testosterone, easy access to a gun and a growing sense that Cleveland is a lawless place led to the confrontation.
Those who loved the troubled diva are obsessed with finding the answer to an altogether different mystery — who is responsible for her tragic and untimely demise?
Serving: Dinner daily; brunch Sunday
For full site disclosure, Lombardi's report may want to be taken with a grain of salt given his recent track record with specific regard to the Browns. It was the same columnist who stated that Jamal Lewis was at risk of not making the Browns' 53-man roster last fall, and was also was the victim of a pretty large swing-and-miss with regard to the Browns and head coach Eric Mangini. It is also worth noting that Lombardi was considerably anti-Haden leading up to the draft basing a lot of his thoughts on "what he had heard" and the players much-discussed 40-time.
R6-19, Christo Bilukidi, DE, Georgia State
She has become something of a folk hero in the foreclosure-protest movement for her refusal to give up her fight with Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank and Freddie Mac, the mortgage finance giant. On Thursday, a Hennepin County district judge could give Freddie Mac the green light to evict.
“Sure it’s political. Everything this president does is political. But still I don’t have a problem with him going into theater and visiting with folks. And one reason we go is to have a chance to look those men and women in uniform in the eye and tell them how much we appreciate their service.”
"'You like being alone together, too -- don't you?'
You’ll never guess which city was just ranked as the most fashionable in the country. Not Los Angeles, home to Hollywood fashionistas. Not New York, with its famous Fashion Week and legions of pouty, leggy models. No, the title goes to Orange County’s Irvine.
Critics of the proliferation of medical marijuana dispensaries applauded the federal intervention.
As Obama navigates a crossroads of his presidency, a moment when he signals what lessons he has drawn from his first year in office, the public posture of the White House is that any shortcomings are the result of failing to explain effectively what they were doing -- and why. He will acknowledge making mistakes in pursuit of his agenda, aides said, but will not toss the agenda overboard in search of a more popular one.
On defense, which has been the backbone of the program under Beekman, the Red Knights are flourishing. They've given up 1.1 goals per game which is down from 2.0 last year. They averaged 1.9 in 2008 and gave up less than half a goal a game in 2007.
Rich Exner is The Plain Dealer's data analysis editor.
The couple were at the jewelry counter at the shop in Plaza Frontenac a couple years ago when a store manager stepped up and asked David to come to the administrative offices. The Stewards entered the office and the manager had their account and the charges they owed sitting on his desk. The implication was that the Stewards were unable to pay.
Meanwhile, Jones, Nesmith, Dolenz and Tork are back together again, on tour and seeking to regain the impetus and popular appeal that at one point made them America's hottest musical group.
In the final minute, with Miller's team trailing, 35-28, referees ruled that a long pass at snowy Fawcett Stadium in Canton, which would have moved the ball inside the St. Edward 15, was caught out of bounds.
3. Federica Pellegrini, Italy 1:55.58
But if it's a date night you're after, stroll down Sacramento Street, where you'll stumble upon plenty of romantic spots.
Matt Holliday's triple to right center scored Jay and Holliday trotted home on an ever deeper sacrifice fly ball, belted more than 400 feet, by Allen Craig.
Do your own math — factor in alcohol tolerance — to see if that works for you. A 12-ounce bottle of Bud normally sells for $6 at SeaWorld.
3711 Woodward, Detroit
Young buyers prefer used to new vehicles 3:1, Voorhees said, and there is limited availability of used cars with alternative powertrains.
Airheads has a futuristic vibe with blue and green colors throughout.
Pascrell received a Mostly True from PolitiFact New Jersey in September for claiming between 600,000 and 700,000 government workers had been laid off in the last 18 months. Rothman received a True in November for saying that it costs more to produce a penny and a nickel than the value of the currency.
Patricia Heimerl landed her first job in high school, bought a house at 22, and worked the last eight years of a long office career at Intel. She paid her bills, built a retirement account and, like most Americans, watched as Social Security took its cut from every paycheck.
MATCHING our new outer-borough livery cabs, or maybe honoring Kermit the Frog, everything’s suddenly turning grass color. The big successful drink at Indian restaurants? Spicy — and very green? Slumdog Margaritas.
In its first year, Green Works saved 5,000 tons of industrial metal, light fixtures and wiring from polluting landfills.
Secret Santas can expect big hugs if they give a stuffed snowman (regularly $6.50) or musical angel bear with moving wings (regularly $9.95) from the Gallery Shop at Arizona Museum for Youth. As a bonus for Santa, everything is 20 percent off through the holidays.
Brad Paisley, Blake Shelton and Jerrod Niemann, June 17
Requiring board members from different political hurts the quality of hearing officers on the boards, said Gallagher, a Republican.
Then again, it beats getting pelted by corn.
What do you like about cruising?
Nobody outside the clubhouse expected the Cubs to be among the top-scoring teams in the league this season, much less to be mashers. But if the early indicators mean anything, it might be a longer uphill climb for this rebuilding lineup than even some of the skeptics thought entering the season.
Along the same lines, Beijing authorities announced earlier this year that they would step up efforts to fine people who spit in public as much as 50 yuan ($7.33).
THOMAS: The vehicle used to transport the undocumented worker would be subject to mandatory vehicle immobilization or impoundment.
The owners are certain — one way or another, and more sooner than later — Kelly will create order. And that’s important, because, with so many moving parts, this task will rebel against order. Kelly knows what the owners saw in him during the interview, the attributes he ticks off as his strongest qualities:
So why should you vote on May 8? Here are five reasons:
Medicine offers no crystal ball -- and even the most thorough directives can't anticipate every medical situation, experts caution.
The mess, of course, is the state of employment. Non-farm employment fell dramatically over the last few years, and although the trend is reversing, the recovery is painfully slow. Or as Mandel spokesman Joe Aquilino said in a Sept. 28 news release, "Perhaps most staggering: during Sherrod Brown’s past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. This is a shocking statistic. Sherrod Brown’s policies are not working for Ohio."
Minimally produced and directed by Nick Moramarco (who also directed the Sondheim and played piano in "Bed"), "Baby" follows three couples' reproductive adventures.
A large group seated in the upper-deck of Scottrade Center on Saturday for Game 5 between the Blues and Sharks had a stronger rooting interest than most.
Almost 87% of consumers plan to celebrate the holiday, spending an average of about $152, up from around $140 last year, the survey of about 8,700 consumers shows. And while traditional spending on flowers, cards and brunch reigns, almost 13% of consumers will give electronics such as tablets and digital cameras.
The group specifically targeted treasury checks and other securities from mail being shipped as cargo on commercial flights, with instructions to "go for the yellow ones" -- the color of tax refunds.
After a season in which he emerged as one of the Ravens' most pleasant surprises, cornerback Cary Williams has signed his second-round restricted free agent tender.
The news that Hart would leave the board broke before Yahoo announced its special committee, as Kara Swisher of AllThingsD and the New York Times reported the news from anonymous sources. Yahoo reacted with a news release confirming Hart's departure slightly before 3 p.m. Pacific time, while also confirming that the International Game Technology CEO has been asked to step away by the company she helms.
The resort said the fence mostly was used to ease congestion on the 4 O'Clock Trail, one of the most heavily trafficked at Breckenridge.
The evil that awaits in Dallas is much like the evil he finds in Derry. Knowing that, he changes his original plan to live in Dallas to await Oswald and moves instead to a town called Jodie.
In this recipe, the ribs get rubbed with a dry seasoning mixture, then are slowly roasted until tender. They are finished with an easy glaze, then returned to the oven until sticky, gooey, sweet-hot-and-tangy.
Phnom Penh is a bargain. A decent meal can be had for a few dollars.
Visitation will be back in action Wednesday at home against Cardinal Ritter.
In a brief telephone interview, Mitchell admitted he had represented people in court without a law license but denied taking money.
No. 4 seed Mercyhurst (20-15-4) vs. No. 1 Air Force (19-10-7), 2 p.m.
Take Barton's recent two-day rental at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, for which he paid $27. After a 5 percent vehicle license fee, a 10 percent concession fee, a $12 airport fee and a 77 cent-per-day "tourism" fee were extracted from the price, only about half of the rate went to his car rental company.
This week, Barnes began what is expected to be weeks of physical therapy sessions at a San Francisco medical center. During the early morning hours of July 12, the 2007 graduate of Placer High School was struck by an SUV while crossing an East Bay intersection. The driver remains unidentified.
That’s because construction of a new field house at Veterans Field has experienced so many delays officials are now saying it may not be ready at all this season.
No, Towson University is not suggesting anyone try a new weight loss plan.
310 W Madison Av, $240,000
Three-quarters of those polled support wage freezes. Two-thirds support imposing furloughs and reducing pensions. More than half support layoffs.
The top charge of criminal sexual act carries a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. said in a statement.
The result was delicious -- and a new entry into the weekday rotation. The recipe is easily adaptable; Wright suggests adding cooked ham, chicken or mushrooms. In this version, I use fresh baby spinach, which wilts just enough from the pasta's heat and the broiler.
While laid off, Ford workers get state unemployment insurance and supplemental payments from the automaker that combine to about 72 percent of typical wages. Under the new contract, those benefits expire much faster, so Molnar said she knew the clock was ticking.
The Rams' new defensive tackle, Michael Brockers, misses football and emphasized that he's ready to get to work to prove he's worthy of the Rams' first pick.
Norton recently spoke with The Baltimore Sun about the casino construction's progress, jobs and what gamblers can expect.
Saturday: "Celebrate 150 Years of Cinco de Mayo with 150 Tequilas." Also offering a bottomless brunch from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sundays. $24.95. 8419 Park MeadowsCenter Drive, Lone Tree, 303-586-5511
The Ohio State story can't get any stranger. The Buckeyes do Terrelle Pryor a favor to ensure he's eligible for the supplementary draft. How? By painting him as an even bigger pariah...
The plaintive music sounds softly through the room, and again, the tunes are of a past time. I am guessing it is the '40s, when ballads, every word clear and easily understood, filled the airwaves. Other people in the room know these songs and they sing along, their voices low.
"People don't live in the south downtown plaza, they don't live on waterfront park," Hedges said.
The largest of those is in northern Texas. On Saturday night, more than 1,000 teenagers ages 14 to 19 streamed into a downtown Dallas hotel's ballroom, which was decorated to look like an ancient castle.
And that's something I'll keep digging into.
Others plan to sell them the tools of the trade.
Returning to the city where he attended college, the Real Salt Lake backup midfielder and former University of Portland star started against the Timbers, playing at Jeld-Wen Field for the first time Saturday night.
By selling when he did, Cuban avoided losses exceeding $750,000, according to the SEC. At the time of the offering, Cuban was the largest known shareholder in the Montreal-based company, which later changed its name to Copernic Inc.
"You can fall into a trap if you say, ‘I'm taking this guy because he's rated this,' ''
"The legislature said if the system cannot operate the schools effectively, someone else ought to be given an opportunity, that something has to be done," he said. "These students in that neighborhood deserve something better, and I don't want to cripple it."
Huntsman's campaign manager, John Weaver, a former McCain man, thinks the Republican Party "is nowhere near being a national governing party" -- a view usually held by people called Democrats -- and that the "simple reason" is: "No one wants to be around a bunch of cranks." Many of the cranks are called: The Republican nominating electorate.
Alec Isaacson, Steven Mark Rosen, Joshua Mintz
"When I stepped up there, I knew I was finished," she said later. "I could only live so long doing a double life. I think any person who has any integrity, it eats away at your soul -- or lack of soul."
Officials for both schools would neither elaborate nor explain a joint statement issued by Rutgers president Richard McCormick or UMDNJ president William Owen Jr., which appeared to endorse a plan currently on the table to merge Rutgers with UMDNJ’s New Brunswick-Piscataway campuses.
Monsanto uses blogs, Facebook and Twitter to provide product information and to respond to questions and criticisms about the company and its products.
It can be difficult to pull off the bold lipstick look, though. Some women tend to overdo it, because they don't tone down the rest of their makeup. And it is high maintenance, requiring frequent touch-ups and spot checks for smudging. All could be disincentives to splurging on the look.
Lombardi did not name the victims, but he described them as middle-aged men and women and said all are from the Boston area.
The Orphan Tsunami of 1700 tells this scientific detective story through clues from both sides of the Pacific. The evidence uncovered tells of a catastrophe, a century before Lewis and Clark, that now helps guide preparations for future earthquakes and tsunamis in the United States and Canada.
So does his sponsor, Mackey Sasser.
A fuel-efficient silver lining for the automaker was the Chevrolet Equinox crossover vehicle. With highway mileage of 32 miles per gallon, that vehicle also could have qualified for $4,500 federal rebates. Sales climbed 78 percent last month.
Mayumi Yagoshi, an office worker at the refinery, said she had taken the day off Friday because she had slipped and hurt her back.
- A Bahraini defense lawyer says the retrial of 20 medical professionals on allegations of aiding the Gulf kingdom's uprising has been adjourned for a month.
-Charles Bukowski's bungalow
A (Jeff): Actually, they just started to go up, so it may be a little early to project that. One way we're trying to help our customers is we've made a major effort to find private label products, most of which are natural or organic, providing great product at a great value, so that's one way customers can save money with us.
When she got ahead of her class, she had to teach herself some skills and learn others from older schoolmates, but she says that worked fine.
"I needed to use other muscles and I wanted the challenge of climbing this mountain," he said in an interview. "This is sort of a once-in-a-lifetime thing to see this epic work."
Kucinich, a Cleveland Democrat and a longtime opponent of the plant and its owner, has called on FirstEnergy to release everything it knows about the cracks. The company has said it plans on releasing a full report during a public meeting with the NRC that is likely to take place in early January.
And Bennett showed last night while rallying Oregon to a 41-27 victory over Arizona State in Autzen Stadium, that he hasn't lost that any of his speed or ability to make things happen when on the field.
Q: What is the lasting appeal of surfing?
License fees, penalty, interest -- $730,615 (up 1 percent).
Brewer wants investigators to assist CPS units in multidisciplinary family-advocacy centers, like Childhelp in Phoenix and Mesa's Center Against Family Violence, which typically see the most serious abuse and neglect cases, as well as help in other busy offices and conduct training.
In apparent recognition of the barbs, Stewart came back with a hilarious, multi-bleeped, show-opening routine Tuesday night, in which he gave his own mock press conference. But as viewers saw, a bit involving a blender and a margarita seemed to go awry. Stewart, going on with it, seemed flustered and made a joke about possibly having to go to the hospital. Moments later, he raised his hand to show a trail of blood running down the side.
They were joined that day by teams from eight other skating clubs at the Show-Me State Games.
“We’re trying to be as fiscally conservative as we can in Readington,” he said. “Last year we brought in the budget that reflected that. Not only did we not go to cap, we reduced the budget by 1% last year.”
"Great, great family," says Chief Steets, who grew up with the 11 McInerney siblings.
A: Actually, my respiration has been fine throughout this process. The difference was there was a five-game losing streak last season, a response, and then restored confidence. But now, this malaise, especially on the road, has been ongoing for a month. That's a pretty long period of mediocrity in a relatively short season. Now if the Heat were looking at homecourt in each round of the playoffs, it would be another story.
Gary Kniss, a Beaverton resident who has given testimonies at public hearings on urban renewal and the school option levy, disagreed.
Ryan Lavner, GolfWeek.com: "Everything looked so familiar, didn't it? The Sunday red. The Terminator stare. The confident stride. On the range before Sunday's final round, Woods launched iron after iron from the right side of the range, into a stiff breeze. LaCava stood behind him. Swing coach Sean Foley, dressed in all black, rotated around Woods every few swings, nodding in approval. For 20 minutes, the coach uttered not a word to the student, standing there more to offer moral support than actual guidance. Everything is stronger, sharper, cleaner now. LaCava told a story about how, a few years ago, Woods used to hit 5-irons about 195 yards. Earlier this week, he hit one 232, uphill, with a flight so piercing that it might as well have been on a string."
"I plead that the Lord may touch your heart that I'm not the person who killed Alan Sindelar," Hart said. "I am totally sorry and sympathetic for your loss."
ROCHESTER, N.Y. — The body of a U.S. Army nurse who died suddenly in Afghanistan during a computer video chat with his wife arrived Saturday in western New York, in advance of his planned funeral.
I fondly remember the 1988 movie "Stand and Deliver," in which mathematics teacher Jaime Escalante (played by Edward James Olmos) convinced his low-income Latino students that they have the potential to pass an advanced placement test in calculus.
øOptions for cash-strapped converters include a short-term credit card loan or an IRS installment plan. If you've run out of time and money, you can withdraw money from your Roth, but that should be your absolute last resort, says Ed Slott, author of The Retirement Savings Time Bomb and How to Defuse it in 2012. If you're under 59½, you may have to pay an early withdrawal penalty. You'll also end up paying taxes on money that's been growing tax-free, which defeats the purpose of converting to a Roth in the first place, he says.
Schuneman suggests walking through your home as if you were a stranger, assessing it room by room to see what needs cleaning up or adjusting. What is outdated and isn't you anymore? What might give the wrong impression?
The Coyotes avoided overtime for only the second time in eight playoff games.
Free on-the-spot document shredding and tips and resources for protecting your identity will be offered 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. April 21 at Rad Air Complete Car Care, 6221 SOM Center, Solon (next to Sears).
"I would encourage everyone here (to remember) that most of the things we really like about our school district have very little to do with what building our children are sitting in," said parent Jennifer Curran.
The report cited organizational discussions regarding a potential trade sending Phillies first baseman and St. Louis native Ryan Howard to the Cardinals for Pujols.
But writing about heart valve repair rings involves more than researching a disease and a device.
The Blues have been strong on the forecheck, they've blocked six shots and they're winning the face-off battle 60-40.
Other notables along Polk Street are Moroccan restaurants and Project Open Hand, founded in 1985, the first organization in the United States to deliver meals to those critically ill with HIV and AIDS, breast cancer and other illnesses. Open Hand has been a model for more than 150 similar organizations across the country and worldwide.
Her most recent stint was at Desert Botanical Garden's annual Chiles & Chocolate Festival where she sold 2,000 brownies and 300 cupcakes.
Several other apps work straight out of the gate such as online project management and collaboration tool Smartsheet and a couple of integrated offerings come from Autodesk-- free online photo editor Pixlr and drafting application AutoCAD.
With a nod to the Southwest, Schwertner prepares New Mexico green chile pork shoulder ($22) sitting on top of pinto beans with avocado and a deep-fried egg alongside that looks like a beggar's purse. You cut into the packet and the yolk flows around the dish.
Therese Bargman could be called Fright Fest's director, although she prefers her official Six Flags title: entertainment manager. She's in charge of making sure the actors know all the dos and don'ts ("Give your character a name," "Keep both hands visible when posing for pictures," "Don't approach children who appear to be hiding or crying") as well as keeping them organized and safe on a stage that extends about 100 acres around the park.
“He called me last night to tell me this.
Boccieri had epitomized an entire class of Democrats who rode into power in Republican districts in 2008 on Barack Obama's coattails.
Michael Haas, a Jones Day attorney representing GC Acquisition, did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday evening.
Petri, a 33-year House veteran, said Boehner may need the votes of 35 to 40 Democrats, which Democratic leaders say is impossible.
AP: What kind of pressure, if any, did you feel working on a "Happy Feet" sequel?
UnitedHealthcare sports director Mike Tamayo also plans for a sprint at the end.
But the minivan segment is evolving quickly, and Marchionne said Chrysler needs to reclaim leadership in minivan design.
He's now making "health products" that he said are completely legal in the United States. He brought back some of the raw ingredients from Peru; he is planning a future trip to get materials from a "shaman" in the Amazon rain forest.
Core-Tech is Suno's research lab. S.T.O.R.M is the government agency that funded Suno's energy search. The Eklipse Organization are the bad guys. People in these organizations are called manufacturers, and the characters they make are the Monsunos.
Silvestri has served as Elmwood Park's village president and a Cook County commissioner for nearly two decades. During that span, he says no one has challenged the legality of his holding dual offices.
2 tsp. vanilla
The video is very upsetting, but whether that has anything to do with Super Mario 3D Land is up for debate.
That figure includes a salary of $2.8 million, with bonuses, equity awards, and stock options making up the rest.
Enjoy free live music throughout the day at the Pier 39 Entrance Plaza, including a performance by Stephen Dreyfuss on saxophone at 12:30, 2 and 3:30 p.m. today. Nearby, street performances include juggling at the Keith Show, noon, 1:15 and 2:30 p.m. and juggler Bee Jay Joyer at 3:45, 5, 6:15, 7:30 and 8:45 p.m., both today.
Patti Dennis, KUSA vice president/news
State tourney shake-up
Bailey, a former CEO of Dolphins Enterprises — the sports, entertainment and development company started by former Miami Dolphins majority owner, Wayne Huizenga — is credited with having extensive experience in the sports industry. Bailey, who previously served as the VP of Administration for the Dallas Cowboys, was most recently the managing director of RSR Partners, an executive recruiting firm.
That makes it absolutely critical that these discussions be conducted in a way that does not leave lasting wounds that interfere with our ability to work together.
Sixty-one percent of Americans - and 64 percent of registered voters - said they favored the law in a survey of 1,016 adults conducted May 6-9.
Matt Butcher, in CD release party for "Ghostwriting"
In groups of 50 to 75, the students and their teachers walked the few blocks from campus to work hourlong shifts measuring and mixing ingredients, weighing and sealing bags, and stapling labels. They wore hair nets, plastic gloves and big grins.
The question of how much Oshie, one of the Blues' most skilled players, can contribute offensively at the NHL level has been asked since his arrival from the University of North Dakota. A first-round pick in 2005, he scored 59 goals and had 142 points in 129 games with the Fighting Sioux, but in the professional ranks, the points haven't come as easily. He has 63 goals and 175 points in 262 regular-season games, including career highs this season with 19 goals and 54 points in 80 games. But similar to his college career, Oshie provides the Blues with many intangibles, and often times his dogged play doesn't lead to prime-time scoring chances.
Locations: Royal Park Fine Wines, 17608 Pearl Road, Strongsville. For more information call, (440) 878-VINE. Royal Park Fine Wines, 12770 Royalton Road, North Royalton. For more information, call (440) 582-8766.
The first half showed that, as did the high-scoring second half.
"This is a serious problem for all European banks, especially in peripheral countries," said the chairman of a top European bank that expects to be downgraded.
Statins can have unpleasant, even dangerous side effects, including muscle pain and liver problems. Not everyone can take them. Besides, statins don't always succeed in getting cholesterol levels down to desired levels.
Rockstar Energy Drink Mayhem Festival: Main Stage: Motorhead, Slipknot, Slayer, The Devil Wears Prada, As I Lay Dying and Asking Alexandria. Jagermeister Stage: Anthrax, Whitechapel, High on Fire, Upon a Burning Body, I the Breather and Dirtfedd, 1:30 p.m. July 22. $25-$91.
FBI agents arrested Depiro at a residential property on North 20th Street, and later released information that identified the man as a borough resident. A resident in the neighborhood who did not want to be identified said agents surrounded the area early this morning.
BOGOTA, Colombia - A woman who says she was the prostitute who triggered the U.S. Secret Service scandal in Colombia said Friday that the agents involved were "idiots" for letting it happen, and declared that if she were a spy and sensitive information was available, she could have easily obtained it.
The GOP-controlled Senate passed the bill to repeal HB 194 on a party-line vote that day, sending the bill to the House of Representatives for consideration.
Danny Stroud, R-Denver
Their son Norman, who is now in his 80s and Shamrock's CEO, said that the dairy was first called New Modern Dairy and that his maternal grandmother in Ireland came up with the Shamrock name that stuck.
S Loredana Calce, Preston
"My daughter turned down Gabe to go to the eighth grade dance and he decided to shoot our dog," she said. Alosi said her children were devastated at the time and she sued the Wierzbickis over the incident. "Gabe was supposed to get community service and I think some time in juvenile and some restitution."
While European voters have long had a greater taste for taxpayer-financed social-welfare programs — and higher expectations of cradle-to-grave services, from health care to higher education — than their U.S. counterparts, there are signs that Americans are perfectly capable of mustering a substantial anti-austerity reaction, too.
No wonder, given how Congress has behaved, we feel like a plate of smoked salmon hash.
The tire was covered with gobs of rubber, which had melted from the heat of the race and congealed again, and emblazoned with a driver's autograph in white ink.
One of the men yelled: "Where's Tim?" and barked orders. The intruders began to bind their hands with duct tape. They accused Morden's 23-year-old roommate of being a drug dealer. The roommate, an old friend, lay on the floor in pajamas and fuzzy duck slippers.
In addition to strategic differences on economic development, last year’s partisan battle over Issue 2 - the voter referendum that overturned Senate Bill 5, the controversial collective bargaining law - and the upcoming fall election further reduce the chances of cooperation between the two sides.
"Obviously we're thrilled, and we appreciate all the hard work our delegation did to make this a reality," said E. Randolph Marriner, the owner of Victoria Gastro Pub in Columbia, who requested the bill.
"If it believes it has evidence of an imminent safety threat," the state commission "has an overriding responsibility to bring that to the attention of the operator so the safety issue can be immediately addressed," PG&E said.
Prosecutors said that Nalick took a total of $496,000. Nalick and his lawyers would have argued Thursday that the loss amount was less than $400,000.
Plenty of prospective buyers wanted to grab 360 Residences before the downtown San Jose icon was bought Monday by a an investment group led by Capri Capital Partners, a pension fund advisor.
Stewart will sign his National Letter of Intent on Thursday and arrive in Mount Pleasant this summer.
Votaw, who lives corner of FeeFee and Long roads, was spared some of the damage that wrecked the rest of her neighborhood.
Cuisine: Spanish (Castilian)
Its pachyderms have been involved in studies of elephant reproduction, communication and other topics about which scientists knew little, pre-Packy.
Due to the budget crunch, however, the official opening date is January 2013. Even if that happens, with the normal phased move-in of eight veterans a month, the home wouldn't be fully occupied until mid-2014. Depending on the budget, there could be further delays.
øA deduction isn't the only tax relief available to disaster victims. You may also have more time to file or pay your taxes. Earlier this month, the IRS announced several extensions for individuals and businesses in areas affected by Hurricane Irene:
“It’s not just the president — the whole government isn’t listening right now,” said Richard Lindner, 42, who is a Republican. “It was important for us to bring our children, even if they don’t understand what it’s about.”
As one of nearly 24,000 Teach for America alumni, my teaching experience forever impacted my life path. I continue to work to improve the lives of children as a risk manager for a nonprofit that provides care, education and advocacy to children and young adults with behavioral and developmental needs. I also continue to mentor Steven, who is doing well in his first year of college and working tirelessly to become the first four-year college graduate in his family. Steven is one of the many success stories that I, along with my fellow teachers back at Middle School 301, can look back on with pride.
You wish such moral obtuseness was rare. It seems instead general.
"Jeane Thorman Elementary School was selected as a Title I Academic Achievement School by the California Department of Education. Thorman is one of 461 schools in the state to receive the award. The school was honored for raising its test scores and meeting rigorous criteria."
"I've taken a pay cut, my husband has taken a pay cut," said parent Maureen Banis of Mission Viejo, who has two young children. "That's the reality we live in. What makes teachers any different?"
He's inherited David's dark good looks and Missy's supercharged metabolism. A few Sundays ago, Angie and I took him to Golden Corral with Jessica, Chuck, Zech and Rosie for brunch. What did he eat, you ask? The better question is: What didn't he eat? Cottage cheese, mashed bananas, scrambled eggs, cheesy potatoes, Mandarin oranges, even a tiny bit of Grandpa's bacon - he ate it all and more.
PRESSIE: Scotland's Loch Ness has Nessie, and Lake Superior has Pressie. Described as 75-plus-feet long and midnight blue with a serpentine body as thick as a tree trunk, Michigan's marine monster has been reportedly scaring sailors for more than 100 years. Pressie gets her name from the Presque Isle River. According to one report, she once caught a white-tailed buck and dragged it into the water. Maybe she couldn't find any pasties.
The show, which runs through Sept. 11, is the first in the U.S. to broadly examine the art and culture of Bali. More than 130 objects — including sculpture, musical instruments and textiles — are on display. "What makes Bali really interesting is the intersection between indigenous beliefs and Hinduism," says curator Natasha Reichle, who worked on the show for five years. "These objects don't usually get put into museums. You go to a ceremony and see them in use."
Nightly drink specials are offered, and the bar highlights different spirits each month. In June, it's artisan pot-stilled gin used for the martinis, Gibsons, Aviations and Negronis (all $8).
Perhaps this isn't the right project to back, but I think all levels of government are grossly ignoring the fact that Southern California – well, most of California – needs a mass transit system.
Most sponsors are lingering in a kind of a holding pattern, waiting to see how -- and if -- the lockout ends.
After staggering back to his room at the Hotel Chelsea one night in November 1953, Thomas bragged of downing 18 whiskeys. He fell into a coma and died days later in a New York hospital. (The Encyclopedia Britannica blames "an overdose of alcohol," but biographer Paul Ferris has counterproposed pneumonia and possible medical malpractice.)
TRENTON — In the first poll conducted after the signing of the budget and overhaul of public employee benefits, approval of Gov. Chris Christie's job performance dropped into negative territory, according to a poll released today.
<U+0095> Disrupting terrorist networks in Afghanistan and especially Pakistan to degrade any ability they have to plan and launch international terrorist attacks.
Queener reached base on a two-out infield single, and was well on his way to scoring on Chaz Stobbs' double to left Field before the ball bounced over the short fence for a ground-rule double, forcing Queener to remain at third base.
For Matrangola, the monument dedication also gave him a chance to thank those who serve with the police department.
Figures released Wednesday by the state economist show that the region will have $235 million less to spend on transportation from a 10-year sales tax than experts thought they might under draft projections a year ago. That means the elected officials whittling down the region's proposed project list this summer will have even more cutting to do: With $22.9 billion in desired projects to choose from, they will have only $6.14 billion to spend on projects of regional significance.
Acid Mothers Temple 9 p.m. Apr. 24. $10-$12.
John and Cathy Randazzo
Westview 16, Del Norte 2. Ketcham 5; Pennington 3.
In the end, the research team identified 10 distinct subtypes of breast cancer. They reinforced previously known groups and were able to make further distinctions within them.
"I wanted us to be a leader the moment we opened our new doors," Cohen says.
Manning knows sports history. He used to pin down his younger brother Eli and knock his knuckles on Eli's chest until he could name all the schools in the Southeastern Conference, then all the teams in the NFL.
Anyone watching from the outside might then say, "How can anyone follow this guy? How can he be a leader if he doesn't show any passion?"
Part authentic. Part ignorant. Part plain dumb. All of it puzzling.
Cullen points out that while senior housing construction has been rising, many seniors plan to stay in their homes as long as possible. The average age of a senior entering assisted living is 85 -- a 20-year difference from the age many people retire.
Nelson cautions women not to skip their mammograms if they don't find lumps during self-exams. But finding a lump also is no reason to panic, given the limited accuracy of the self-test.
Rookie Joe Haden, who came off the bench in the first meeting, agreed that the Browns need to pick it up a notch.
He oversaw development in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan,Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois. He opened offices in many major markets, including Akron, Youngstown, Toledo and Columbus.
He started out as an actor in Chicago theater before moving to Hollywood where he landed roles in several movies and TV series. "I've always loved sports, but I initially went into acting because it was the one thing I could do that my father couldn't do," explained the new Channel 7 sports anchor, who said football and basketball are his two favorite sports.
Its new "A Walk Along the Waterfront" exhibit is a multimedia marvel that could easily be a Disneyland attraction. It tours visitors along the San Francisco Bay waterfront as it has changed over the decades, and features 360 artifacts from the park service's collection. Free.
Giroux wrapped up a dominant series with a goal and two assists, Ilya Bryzgalov had his first outstanding effort in net and the Flyers beat the 108-point Pittsburgh Penguins 5-1 on Sunday to win their Eastern Conference opening-round series in six games.
Chavez was a third-generation American of Mexican descent who was a Navy veteran of World War II. He never, as far as I am aware, defined himself as a Latino or Hispanic and refused to use the term "La Raza" (the race), which he told me he regarded as racist.
Do not be fooled by Pacers' late charge. Teams are lining up to face them in the playoffs.
To Graham's great surprise, DeBakey responded, launching a 30-year correspondence and the career of a rural Ohio boy who has arguably become the nation's most prominent hand surgeon -- trusted by professional sports teams, including the Cleveland Indians and Cavaliers, to mend the hands and careers of the nation's top athletes.
Male scout leaders who are gay have long been barred, but instances of women being excluded are not well-documented.
Like all physicians, we've seen things we can't explain. Every now and then, we spot new research showing that religious faith is good for more than your soul. We believe that somehow spiritual health improves physical well-being. When faith is strong, it seems to keep your heart, blood vessels, brain and immune system younger.
The ease with which she’s done so, while maintaining a foothold in such commercial projects as “Bride Wars” and “Valentine’s Day,” has earned comparisons to a Hollywood icon.
Pitcher Kevin Correia (1-2) dropped to his knees to field it and fired to first but the throw was late, giving Cincinnati the lead.
Everyone in Kelley's family worked for Goodyear. He did, too, after high school. When the takeover attempt began, he felt it deeply.
Dear Amy: I have been grieving the death of my soul mate for almost 18 months. We loved each other very much and our relationship lasted almost 23 years. As a memorial tribute, I bought a lily to be placed in my church on Easter Sunday. The purchase was made through a lady at church, and I wrote his name in the space provided for the memorial. Instead it was printed that I had given the lily "To the Glory of God."
NORAD spokesman Lt. Cmdr. Bill Lewis in Colorado declined to say where the F-16s were based.
"I am afraid that come winter, we will have nowhere to go," Alexander said. "It could happen, but I pray to God that it doesn't."
Oct. 29, 1986: The Wall Street Journal reports that Goldsmith owns 15 percent of the company. Goodyear Chairman Robert E. Mercer sends a letter to employees, confirming Goldsmith and possibly others have been involved in buying the company's stock.
While the Lions, despite a glaring need at cornerback, are expected to pass on Jenkins with the 23rd pick, Sports Illustrated<U+0092>s Peter King tweeted this morning that he<U+0092>s <U+0093>hearing some noise about Janoris Jenkins at the bottom of round one."
Jerome Casey
Grissom not only brought down the house with his multifaceted mother character, he debuted his unique fund-raising style after the final curtain call.
The park offers six ranger-led tours, including two "wild caving" tours that require participants to wear kneepads.
The 30-second clip leaves no question as to what Katniss' strength will be inside the arena. One apple, one pig's mouth and one bow add up to a pretty cool snippet from the movie.
The Christie administration wants to phase in a series of tax cuts, mostly for businesses, over the next five fiscal years. This year's revenue would drop almost $200 million. By fiscal year 2016 revenue would drop $690 million.
The Trail Blazers had completed their fifth season in existence, and were two years from Blazermania taking hold before the 1977 NBA title.
Burger King is marketing the product through a Web site featuring a photo of its King character reclining fireside and naked but for an animal fur strategically placed to not offend.
TRENTON, N.J. -- Health care giant Johnson & Johnson is jumping into the increasingly hot vaccine business by taking an 18 percent stake in Dutch biotechnology company Crucell NV as J&J boosts its focus on preventive medicine and infectious diseases.
Later, Smith and the camera boat tied up alongside a quirkily rustic houseboat built for the movie, the home of aquarium director Clay Haskett (Connick) and his daughter Hazel (Cozi Zuehlsdorff). Co-star Kris Kristofferson, playing Clay's father, strolled onto the set just in time to take the short cruise to the houseboat.
It wasn't in the professional ranks: Ali -- the daughter of Muhammad Ali -- won multiple women's pro world titles before retiring in 2007 with an undefeated 24-0 record.
"Tide Point is in need of infrastructure to be converted to a corporate campus," said Deborah Hunt Devan, who heads the BDC board's project review committee.
Espinosa’s idea of a salad is fresh greens, tomatoes, onions and something on top, like steak, pork or chicken. Salads are the same price as platters and also come with plantains.
With his new heart pumping well, Baschnagel also can drink as much water as he wants now.
"Yeah, normally they don't let you keep it," he says, grinning like a kid who just shocked his fourth-grade class during show and tell. "I had to argue a lot to get it. My oncologist thought I was crazy. I have a piece of my colon downstairs."
608 S Geyer Rd, $171,000
The five people vying to become the county's next top prosecutor each say they represent that safeguard.
Lyman and his partners have, however, solved many problems. They plan soon to dispense with soda bottles by making their own beverages using fruits in season — pear or apple soda in the fall, blood orange in the winter. All year, they'll serve ginger and lemon-lime.
"Aaron's definitely the best prospect to come out of this area," said Ian Powers, a national recruiting analyst for NBADraft.net. "There have been other good guys, but they weren't the athletic freak that Aaron is. If his jump shot develops and becomes a consistent weapon, he could be a top five (NBA) pick."
* Asterisk denotes starter
Twenty years ago, before I lived in Arizona, I probably would have been mortified if someone "iced their wine." But after living in this dusty borderland so long, I get it.
Favorite music: Drake, Lil Wayne
But I do it with a difference. There are countless recipes for Swedish meatballs, but most aren't all that diet-friendly. Most varieties pack nearly 74 calories and more than 4 grams of fat per meatball. I knew I could do better. So I mixed and matched to come up with a lighter, healthier version of this popular appetizer.
BRADY LAKE
It looks a little silly, but it really does work.
Gluten-free products can also be high in carbohydrates, she said.
Harris' aides referred questions about the appeal to Brown's office, which released a one-sentence statement from the governor: "My administration is working to ensure that California's laws on capital punishment are upheld."
The film drew in comic-book fans and general audiences alike, with the audience evenly split between those over and under 25, according to Disney. Teens packed theaters, couples came to see it as a date movie and parents with children made it a family outing.
More Details: Terrorist is plaintiff
They didn't want to leave the area, so after exploring other options in the neighborhood, they decided to build a 720-foot detached studio in the backyard. Today, the concrete-block addition with its Craftsman-inspired door adds a nice modern touch to the historical home.
Ga. 92 from Fairburn Road to Dallas Highway — Phases I, II and III realignment $44,641,410
1:45 p.m.: Burger King for lunch.
They were sick of being called “The Parenthesis.”
My second comment is to say, to this Legislature, and to the public watching or listening today, “thank you.”
"You are what you eat," said Jim White, director of sustainable infrastructure programs for the Port. Formerly director of the Cuyahoga River Remedial Action Plan, he's well aware of what ails the river. Cleaning up the "Urban Floating Debris" is a no-brainer, but the large vessels that do the job in New York and Baltimore can't maneuver in our crooked river.
Fearing termination if they are identified publicly, seven Mayfair and Comfort Inn employees spoke this week on the condition of anonymity.
The jobs plan he outlined to Congress weeks ago hasn't yet made its way to a vote. Meanwhile he travels the country accusing the Republicans of obstructing a plan that can't be voted on.
“I wouldn't miss it,” the 28-year-old human resources manager said. “Come on, it's the Grand Prix. It's a good opportunity to see high-speed cars, drink beer and eat eggs. I think this is a great thing for Baltimore.”
In all, Meredith worked 12 seasons on "Monday Night Football" and when he retired, he made few public appearances, choosing instead to have a private life in Santa Fe and Palm Springs.
Thomson Reuters Corp. saw its first-quarter earnings rise 26% on growth in its legal, tax and accounting divisions, though the business segments catering to the financial community continued to drag on profitability.
Compiled from staff reports and news services by STEVE SCHRADER, who can be reached at 313-222-6710 or sschrader@freepress.com.
But while sending that message to the players, the club is sending a message to the fans who are shelling out a pretty penny to sit at the Friendly Confines: You're going to stay and pay and hope this works.
The children's CD4 count, a measure of immune system health, also improved over that one-year period, associated with improvement of IMT.
4. Austin Miller, Glenelg junior
CLASS EFFECT?: It's the second cholesterol drug of four in a class called CETP inhibitors to be scrapped. The other, Pfizer's torcetrapib, raised heart risks. They were planned to succeed the lucrative statin drugs, including Lipitor and Crestor.
The investigation by the prosecution’s Sex Crimes Unit resulted in additional victims being located. On March 5, he was accused of engaging in multiple acts of sexual penetration with “J. Doe #2” between May 29, 2009, and August 2009 without advising the woman of his HIV status. He was charged with third-degree diseased person committing an act of sexual penetration, and bail was set at $10,000.
Perron deflected Alex Pietrangelo's floater from the point on the next shot, and Elliott made the lead stand with a handful of nice saves the rest of the way. Pietrangelo aimed for the stick, not the net, on the go-ahead goal.
When it came to Line 132 and similar pipelines, "leaks on more distant pipe segments of the same vintage, same characteristics and same manufacturer are not considered," the report said. It called that "a concern, because PG&E used pipe of the same vintage, same characteristics and same manufacturer" throughout its system, "spanning multiple miles and separate lines."
The Cleveland Engine Plant No. 2 was set to close early this year because Ford has discontinued the engine made there. Almost all of the workers joining the new third shift at Engine Plant 1 are coming from Engine Plant 2.
One particular scene involving a gathering of pirates at a watering hole took multiple animators about 18 months to finish.
Del Rosario told the Heritage Foundation think tank it was in other nations' interest to support the Philippines in standing up for freedom of navigation, unimpeded commerce and peaceful settlement of disputes.
"'Have you checked on your son? Is he sleeping?'" Molda recalled one of the messages saying. "He was naming members of my family (and) telling me that as long as he lived, he's going to make my life a living hell."
Hatfield, who lost his wife, Janey, to cancer in January, said it is his singular goal to raise the children with the help of a wide circle of friends.
Animal Kingdom, who had never raced on dirt before, reacted to his new rider the way a champion should, charging down the middle of the stretch to win by 2 3/4 lengths in front of a crowd of 164,858, the largest in Derby history.
He did plenty of that Tuesday, chatting with fans up front and talking about the band's day off Monday in Kansas City. Bowling and barbecue were on the itinerary.
"Roger was about to start construction on a condo development on North Mississippi (Avenue) when the economy turned," Roy said.
37 Caledonia St. (near Johnson Street), Sausalito; (415) 331-9355. Fresh ingredients, especially in seafood dishes. Live music most nights. Some pasta dishes are uninspired. - A.G. Breakfast, lunch, dinner daily. Rating: TWO STARS-- $$-- Noise Rating: TWO BELLS
Details: Open 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily. Lot parking. Credit cards accepted. Beer, wine.
"Basketball games might seem to be apolitical, innocuous events" to Westerners, Yardley writes, "but they contained worrisome ingredients to a Communist Party that places tight restrictions on freedom of assembly." The nation's most popular sport provided one of the rare venues where citizens could yell at authorities.
But the region took a body blow when Ford and Chrysler left town and took tens of thousands of jobs with them, and that, coupled with the depths of the broader recession, should lend new sense of urgency, Brewer said. (The collapse of the St. Louis auto industry was the impetus for the report.) Without change now, Brewer said, the St. Louis economy will continue to lag behind its peers, with jobs and growth drifting away.
For the fiscal year that ended June 30, state tax collections were $4 billion below the threshold allowed by the Hancock amendment.
Federal officials claim many of the new designer drugs are already illegal under existing laws. To strengthen the hands of police and prosecutors, lawmakers in Washington and many states are trying to combat the burgeoning crisis by banning specific substances in designer synthetics and their chemical cousins. In Minnesota, a new drug law with that purpose went into effect on July 1.
"We'll make adjustments," Anthony said. "I'm not worried about that. I'll make the adjustment. It's going to be a long series."
Friends, relatives and court records backed up the account Luna presented to the immigration judge.
Kasich's spokesman, Rob Nichols, did not return a call to comment on these issues.
The claim: "We can't spend more than we take in." — Gov. Rick Scott
Myiesha Taylor was a high school senior when her father, Dwight, a 42-year-old former Cal State Long Beach basketball star, was killed. She went to college at Xavier University in New Orleans thinking police had identified the gunman and that an arrest might be imminent. Now an emergency room doctor living in the Dallas area, she wonders if they will ever know who killed her father.
They also have distinct personalities.
Sarkozy's legal complaint accused Mediapart of "forgery" and "publication of false news."
JOCKEY: Corey Nakatani
Occupation: Cleveland City Council staff member
His voice trailed off. Twelve years? It’s hard to believe it’s been that long since Amaker was the up-and-coming 35-year-old coach at Seton Hall, one plucked straight off the Duke bench to resurrect the program in South Orange.
Sherrod Brown, a Democratic U.S. senator, did not immediately speak out publicly, although he talked with Ohioans and others attending the American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference in Washington on Monday and Tuesday. But by not issuing a public statement of disagreement or standing on a soapbox, Brown left an opening for his Republican critics. And sure enough, in advance of Netanyahu's speech before Congress Tuesday, Ohio GOP chairman Kevin DeWine said that "Brown's continued silence on President Obama's misguided foreign policy approach is deafening."
Attorneys for union maintain that the workers should receive 60 days pay as called for by the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act.
"If I want to take my time selecting a book, now what? It's certainly not the same online."
145 — Travis Himmelman, Conifer, Sr. (41-1) tech. fall Torey Welch, Valor Christian, Sr. (22-4), 17-0.
And it's the story of a hand-picked board of directors that continued backing Timmins over the advice of stock analysts and angry investors.
Revenue jumped 51 percent to $2.29 billion. Analysts forecast $2.26 billion.
1711 FAIRFAX $32,500
Budget Moms make more than 70 percent of the household purchasing decisions and account for some 80 percent of consumer spending. They fill up the family car with gas and know the high price at the pump is a result of this administration's failed energy policy.
She also added: ''To Adele Laurie Blue Adkins, the baddest bitch around. Have the best freaking Bday. Cake cake cake xxx (sic).''
All five people who took part in the citizen comment for the portion of the meeting devoted to the Spanish immersion plan spoke against the new pathway.
More motorists are hitting the road for the holiday, creating higher demand that is translating to higher prices at the pump.
Police were called to the area about midnight Friday after PG&E contacted authorities about the accident. Polychlorinated biphenyls leaked out of the dropped transformer and spilled into the southeast corner of the intersection, and traffic lanes were closed as a precaution, authorities said.
Willamette level and flow peaked over the past weekend and has started to moderate although water temperatures remain low for best results with spring chinook. The “Spring Fishing Classic” annual salmon derby takes place March 31 regardless of water conditions. Register at Fisherman’s Marine.
They apparently never checked the serial number of the newly purchased murder weapon. Instead, they refurbished it and put it back in service in one of their patrol cars.
Wednesday, Newark Police Director Samuel DeMaio confirmed the state's largest police department had minimal involvement with an NYPD surveillance operation that collected intelligence on Newark's 44 mosques, and various other businesses owned by Muslim residents. DeMaio and Mayor Cory Booker said they were unaware of the operation until the Associated Press report, but said former Police Director Garry McCarthy was informed and assigned a detective to provide investigators with a citywide tour of the areas they wanted to see.
Having spent four seasons in Cleveland from 1991-94, Saban says Richardson would be a terrific fit for the team and the city.
-- In the first quarter, Miller realized he was unguarded, stepped up, and made a 3-pointer. You know, like they've been wanting him to do all season.
During the failed first effort to prosecute the men at the base in Cuba, Mohammed mocked the tribunal and said he and his co-defendants would plead guilty and welcome execution. The lawyers' statements indicate that plan has changed.
Young testified that Elizabeth Edwards had started checking phone records to monitor her husband’s communications with Hunter, so Young and Edwards had a separate phone they referred to as the “bat phone,” which Edwards used to contact Hunter.
A: Employees were demoralized, and in some sense were in a state of shock. But on the other hand, I found that one of the strongest resources this company has is its employee base. They're incredibly dedicated. And it's a very capable workforce. I mean, I've met more Ph.D.s from Stanford, from Cal, that work for us.
"It's a private f---ing thing, not a public thing," Dimora says on the recording.
I wrote a profile of Eaton for this morning's Oregonian, noting he has remained a team guy even while pursuing one of an individual sport's most individual events.
A rain barrel on the rooftop collects water for Kincaid's container gardens. The sunroom is topped with a green roof planted in sedum, which helps reduce rainwater runoff. And during the demolition, Albertsson hired Deconstruction Services to recycle any reusable materials.
"It's a city with grit and sort of a feisty spirit to it. I think it's a very funny city, and I love it," she says. "But I always feel that I'm an impostor when people talk about ‘Baltimore writers' and feel I can pronounce upon Baltimore. Any Baltimorean can tell you I'm not a real Baltimorean."
Associated Press Writer Sameer N. Yacoub contributed to this report. Follow Lara Jakes on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/larajakesAP
"He'll control the agenda as a whole," Downs said. "He's a very pragmatic guy. If he's looking at numbers that say talking about a particular social issue will weaken the power of Republicans . . . then Speaker Bosma will look at data and say, for instance, if we push that issue, we will lose the following three seats."
But Wymyslo said that by putting money in coordinated approaches, Ohioan's health should improve in a number of areas, not just smoking.
Lady Gaga loves being alone.
Blue Marble Spa is a celebrated eco-friendly spa refuge in San Diego, named one of the "Top 10 Green Spas and Resorts" in the world by Organic Spa magazine. The Hyatt Regency Mission Bay's signature spa uses all natural and organic products, and incorporates energy efficient practices, including the installation of low-flow shower heads and sustainable bamboo floors.
Still, right-hander Alfredo Aceves said he has been told to be ready to pitch Saturday<U+0092>s game against the Tigers and the home opener against Tampa Bay on April 13, if Beckett is not able to start.
Hoguet got the chance to win the game after the Lancers stopped the Flyers on their first overtime series from the 10.
"I asked the simple question, 'What does it cost us to borrow $30 million?'" said Tom Villa, alderman in deep south city's 11th Ward. "Sometimes, when you have a pot of money available, there's a knee-jerk reaction to spend it. Once you spend that money, then you're done for the next X number of years."
Kirkwood 3, Quincy Notre Dame 2
Of course, Wisconsin's cheeseheads have seen those California Milk Advisory Board commercials that portray Midwestern bovines shivering in snow-covered pastures.
Main Bites on Bluegrass Tavern's spring menu include Pan seared grouper, with butter braised leeks and crispy Hen-of-the-Woods mushrooms; milk-braise rabbit thigh; roasted poussin; crispy smoked Creekstone beef belly and grilled Broken Ranch antelope with fried duck egg, antelope "Merguez" and fava beans.
Green arrived in the fall as a 28-year-old former music teacher who had worked one year as an assistant principal at Lyon @ Blow Academy of Basic Instruction, another middle school in the district. The thought of leading a school like Fanning was daunting, he said.
-- Living with extra
That clarifies things, doesn't it? Here you've been walking around wondering whether "associated rules" referred to section 18G.02 or 18G.01. Now all doubt is removed. The path is clear.
Tomorrow, Moore is scheduled to do a dress rehearsal and then the show is to be taped on Thursday. After the taping, Cook said
(20) Cherokee Trail (6-3) vs. (13) Ftn.-Fort Carson (7-2), Friday, 7 p.m.
"I've been touting Tannehill since last June," said Gil Brandt, the longtime Dallas Cowboys personnel executive and current NFL.com draft analyst. "I feel about this guy like I did about (Sam) Bradford. I just think he's not as ready as Bradford was when he came out of Oklahoma. That's the only reservation I have. And I think with coaching, he can catch up in a hurry because he's so smart."
It's easy to say the Bulls are a lost team right now. They may well be.
The book is full of memorable images: Adams' parents meet at Irwin's Winnipesaukee Gardens, a lakeside dance hall, during what he calls "the era of the clarinet in American music"; a teenage Adams performs show tunes and Sousa marches at a mental hospital; a 20ish Adams spends late nights with a soldering gun and circuit boards, building the "Studebaker," a homemade synthesizer about as graceful as the infamous automobile.
Brennan did not refer to the expanded authority for drone strikes in Yemen, but he described Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, an offshoot group based in Yemen, as "Al Qaeda's most active affiliate."
The rest of the menu is brief, but inspired. On the recommendation of our waitress — who was friendly and knowledgeable about everything from the kitchen's cooking methods to the provenance of the liquor — we started with the braised chickpeas ($7) and the sage and anchovy fritters ($6).
Please don't let egos and small thinkers destroy all the good that this event has brought to our city. Any time there is a big risk taken, there will be unforeseen kinks to work out. Certainly with such a huge undertaking, money issues were to be expected until it gets established. Please give it a chance, be patient, and let it happen. Would my whole family otherwise have spent the whole weekend in downtown Baltimore? Nope. But we had a blast!
In fact, Poltrack announced, the value (to advertisers) of the online viewer is now surpassing that of the live-TV viewer. "This is a significant tipping point."
Representatives from banks, other financial institutions, housing counseling agencies and legal services will be available for individual sessions with people facing the possibility of home foreclosure.
There are no public files on Winkler with child care regulators. Under state law, Winkler was not required to register her child care with the state.
"Our goal is to do great design, and make it more affordable for everyone," says Suskowicz. "Really, with everything that's available at very modest prices, there's no excuse not to have a beautiful home."
Even with cable's tighter budgets, a show with writers and actors can easily run $2 million per episode.
Reform of the city's finances must start with reform of the city's pension system. It carries a $2 billion unfunded liability, and it's unaffordable. Fundamental reform that produces real cost savings for taxpayers is necessary.
Jessica Kisby has pleaded guilty and is expected to receive a 30-year sentence under a plea agreement.
2. Jon Jay, CF
1/3 cup sugar
935 BENTLEY PARK CIR $390,000
We can no longer just tinker. We need to ask whether government spending serves genuine public purposes or merely benefits favored constituencies. Delay in acting has already eliminated a long grace period to prepare for reduced retirement benefits or to wind down useless programs. Now, we are condemned to be unfair. If we don't cut spending, the young may complain (correctly) that they're burdened with crushing tax increases; if we do cut spending, beneficiaries may complain (correctly) that they didn't receive ample warning.
So where's our trusty attorney general? MIA.
Japan's Nikkei Stock Average ended fractionally lower at 9682.21 and South Korea's Kospi also dropped fractionally, to 2197.82, after setting a record close on Thursday. China's Shanghai Composite index fell 0.5% to 3010.52 as it lost 1.3% over the week for its worst weekly showing since the week ended Jan. 21.
The increase at the Colorado Springs campus will be 4.9 percent, and the increase at the CU Denver campus will be 0.8 percent.
"We have a federal government charged with protecting our borders, defending our homeland," he said. "I will not accept the fact that this is the responsibility of local police who have been working tirelessly to address crime."
In it, the globe-trotting, sanctimonious moralizer - whom I had admired only as an ex-president - erases the line between honest criticism and dishonest advocacy. It's so Arabcentric, Carter ought to be wearing Yasser Arafat's kaffiya.
states:
"For us, we have to find chipping in throughout our lineup, and that's why we spread it out today because we found that against Vancouver, if you shut three guys down, we got shut down," Hitchcock said. "So this way we diversify, we have an identity on every line now. I think everybody in there feels like they can make a difference ... and we need that to happen."
4127 Kenmore Rd., $65,000
Western Reserve Fire Museum and Education Center. 310 Carnegie Ave., Akron and Cleveland. 216-664-6312. Open House. 1 p.m. Sunday. Procession from the museum to Public Square at 2:30 p.m.
Now we are trying to grow our utilities too big. When Exelon gobbles up Constellation Energy and Baltimore Gas and Electric Co., who will lose? Baltimore will lose, big time. When Exelon decides to cut back departments and workers, where do you suppose those people will be cut? From Baltimore of course. Exelon is a Chicago company. Baltimore will naturally be the first place to cut. Cut jobs. Cut services. Cut power supplies. But don't look for them to cut any executive salaries; in fact the Exelon CEO is set to receive a $21 million dollar bonus when BGE becomes another Exelon satellite.
After pretending to muse about things for a while, Holbrook did a dramatic reading from "Huckleberry Finn." As part of that reading, he assumed the persona of Huck's drunken father.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Anne Gearan and Robert Burns cover national security issues for The Associated Press.
SIBELIUS Finlandia
GRANTS PASS -- The Bush administration announced Wednesday a nonbinding agreement with PacifiCorp that details how the utility can turn over control of four Klamath River hydroelectric dams so they can be removed to help struggling salmon.
Among the parks recommended to be closed are Lone Elk in West County, George Winter in South County, Fort Bellefontaine in North County and all three county-operated swimming pools. Also proposed for shutdown would be the St. Vincent Community Center in North County.
April 16, council authorized Mayor Susan Infeld to enter into agreements with Burton Scot Contractors, of Newbury, for street resurfacing this year and with A&A Safety, of Amelia, for street striping and pavement marking for 2012-2014.
My advice is to not use saddle valves. If you plan to install an appliance that needs a ¼” water pipe, have a proper shutoff valve installed. It will take more time to do it right, but you'll dramatically lower the chances of it leaking.
The decision infuriated Booker. Calling Vanderbeek "one of the most despicable owners" in the National Hockey League, the mayor labeled the Devils owner a "highfalutin, high-class huckster and hustler."
"I've had people talk to me about that," Larry said.
They all got off that mat. For all of them, may this Elite Eight pass quickly.
Some parents – who, like the rest of us, love their children madly — expect to keep their kids home. They want to take care of them forever. Letting go is always hard. With these vulnerable children, it must feel harder.
She said the searches have focused on public property and that the sheriff's office is planning on combing areas identified in the investigation that have not been searched.
Aha, you say. But wait: Brown's consumers' counsel concept was folded into an overall utility-rate bill sponsored by then-Sen. Tim McCormack, a Greater Cleveland Democrat. And whaddya know: Voting "yes" on the McCormack bill -- thus saying " yes" to the consumers' counsel -- were such conservative Republican icons as future House Speaker William G. Batchelder of Medina and the late state Sen. Thomas A. Van Meter of Ashland.
This well-told book is about Yates' chances and accidents, and what Yates does with life. And about baseball, too.
"She sees spider venom as the "hook" to get others excited about science, and it works," wrote Jane Hunter, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences.
WASHINGTON — Super? Maybe not this time. But it is a Tuesday, one with the biggest payout of the Republican presidential primaries.
Lanz, a senior from Eugene, earned second-team All-America status on the vault with her fifth place. Smith, a senior from Auburn, Wash., was honored for floor exercise.
No major delays are being reported on major roadways around the state as the Fourth of July holiday weekend begins, traffic officials said.
Where: Circle City Athletics offers summer coed flag football Wednesday and Thursday nights at the beginner and recreational levels at Park Tudor School, 7200 N. College Ave. Cost is $60 or $70.
The effect wasn't quite the rhythmic drum-circle thumping that you might expect. In fact, the pings, gongs and flashing lights coming from hand-held biofeedback devices made the room look and sound a lot more like a video arcade.
The rest of the program followed logically enough. The Shams Ensemble, a group of Iranian musicians who perform traditional Persian music, arrived to present their musical wares. A noted Iranian conductor, once music director of the Tehran Symphony Orchestra, turned up to lead the concert opener, a piece of Western classical music that he couldn't perform in his homeland.
øThen, in the playoffs, came Torres' devastating hit on the Blackhawks' Marian Hossa, who was carried off on a stretcher.
The details: Aromatic bitters are the shortstops of the cocktail world - indispensable but left until the very end of the conversation. Brad Thomas Parsons changes that with "Bitters: A Spirited History of a Classic Cure-All" ($24.99, Ten Speed Press, 232 pages). It includes the particulars of why bitters exist - first as a medicinal aid, then as an aromatic one - then spends ample space offering recipes on making your own bitters (that alone should keep hobbyists occupied for months) and, of course, the requisite drink recipes. It is a specific topic, but one that lies at the heart of great bartending. Now Parsons has given it proper respect.
From Nov. 20 to the end of 2008, the Dow advanced 16.2 percent, while the S&P 500 rose 20 percent.
At No. 6 Weaver Elementary in Los Alamitos, students learn math from JiJi, a computerized penguin that leads students through games that require them to solve math problems along the way.
Known for the long braid in her hair and the bow and arrow on her back, Katniss is one of 23 "tributes," or teens fighting for their lives, in the film version of Suzanne Collins' futuristic best-seller.
Mike Leone was 1-for-4 with a two-run triple and Vincent Yodice went 1-for-3 with two RBIs for Sea, which meets Monsignor Farrell next Tuesday. Moore faced Farrell on Wednesday and the two teams went at it for 12 innings before the Mavericks scratched across the winning run. Obviously, that had an effect on how Moore played against Sea.
Undoubtedly, it's a complete coincidence that June 30 will be just four months before the Nov. 6 election, when Ohioans will fill the House's 99 seats and half the Senate's 33. June is also the high season for General Assembly fundraising: Legislators want to get home in time to strut in July 4 parades. And fiscal year's end also means lobbyists must justify their fees to antsy clients. You don't know what persistence means until you've watched a lobbyist shop "technical" amendments around the Statehouse in June, late in the legislative session. And, to borrow a bank jingle, if there's a need, there's a dollar -- a campaign contributor's scratch for a lawmaker's political itch.
But there could be many more.
Each year, the amenities offered at KOA campsites become more contemporary.
Dylan said on his website Thursday: "He was my bosom buddy friend to the end, one of the last true great spirits of my or any other generation. This is just so sad to talk about."
The finishing touch was the dessert <U+0096> a walnut streusel cake with toffee sauce and vanilla bean gelato. By the time we finished, the meal felt like a big, thick sweater on our shoulders as we headed into the cold. And this was the prix fixe Sunday supper, the simplest of ways to dine here <U+0096> and a bargain at $35.
Greg Roberts, Ancora's acting director, said the state is attempting to improve security, leadership, staffing and patient care, but he stressed: "It is going to take time. We are literally starting with basics. It will take a year-plus to get some sustainable changes."
While in St. Louis, Leachman is mistress of ceremonies for
The gag may not have presented the governor in the most flattering light, however, as his brief "appearance" on the show presented the portly politician gorging on a chicken drumstick before choking and uttering the words, "Save me, Obamacare."
Bond prices rose, pushing yields lower. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note fell 3.78 percent from 3.81 percent late Thursday.
Finally, envision successful outcomes. What does it mean to you to maintain your positive team experience? One option may be a transformation that helps her become a positive member of the team. However, if that doesn't occur, what does success look like?
Across acres of barracks, miles of concrete blast walls, trailers of showers and latrines, a baseball/softball diamond (no grass infield here), Humvees, soldiers and sailors of many religions, races, ethnicities, home states, missions and skills perform their duty for the United States armed forces.
"It's nothing new," said Gonzalo Garcia, director of technology, marketing and communications for the South Kent School, an all-boys boarding school in Connecticut, though he said the "shocking news" was the $15 price. Currently, students pay $20 to $60 for a 180-day rental or splurge as much as $100 for a higher-end title. IBooks would also stand out by offering textbooks and literary books in one place, he said. He said the school's iPad program was originally funded by alumni. "It would have been expensive," he said.
While the loss ended Oregon's shot at an NIT championship -- one year after winning the CBI Tournament -- the Ducks still finished the season 24-10, their best record since the 2006-07 run to the Elite Eight. That Oregon squad, led by Aaron Brooks, Malik Hairston, Maarty Leunen and Bryce Taylor, finished with a 29-8 record.
"I think it's important to establish a rapport, so I usually will follow the couple through engagement to wedding day," he said.
One bank was in North Carolina, another in Georgia, and the third was in Kansas. The wave of bank failures is expected to continue throughout the year as the weak housing market and rising unemployment rate cause more borrowers to default on their loans.
Framed from a child's perspective, many of the scenes are truly bigger than life. Marley's ghost arises out of the floor in a thick cloud of smoke, dragging the chains that were forged by his selfishness and greed.
Comment: Redskins coach Mike Shanahan went along with the game, pretending he could end up with either Luck or Griffin.
Although the Peebles' warrants were dated while she was away, she told court officials that she actually signed them all upon her return.
- 9 a.m. at the Ritz-Carlton St. Louis, 100 Ritz-Carlton Drive, Clayton.
The new job cuts come on top of 6,900 layoffs since November.
Perhaps as importantly, AQAP spreads its English-language message through spoken word, in the online lectures of Yemen-based, American-born preacher Anwar al-Aulaqi, who seems to serve as a sort of chief AQAP ideologue and external operations figure. It's through his vast library of YouTube videos that Mr. al-Aulaqi appears to have inspired attacks in the U.S. and U.K., including the Fort Hood, Texas, military base shootings, and the stabbing of a British parliamentarian. In contrast, AQSL labors to communicate on an increasing infrequent basis, with some recent attempts — including al-Qaida deputy leader Ayman al-Zawahiri's assessments of Middle East protests — appearing ever more disconnected from their audience. The details emerging about bin Laden's late courier and the videos of the isolated terrorist leader watching himself on television only seem to confirm this disconnect between AQSL and its followers. AQAP's statements arguably attract far more attention these days.
Assists: Lacy 2, Sophia Buck 1.
One factor that may also have helped: Unlike most students who were tested this spring, kids at Harvest Prep took the math test with pencil and paper instead of computers.
When she's not at work or doing schoolwork, Katerina likes to watch TV shows such as "Make It or Break It" and "American Idol."
"It is more liberating to view the world as wheels of life, but living in the city grid, linearity takes over," says Moriyama, whose images of the moon came directly from watching its phases on the Internet. "I no longer watch the moon with my bare eyes," he says. "Buildings hide the moon and I don't even know which direction I need to look to see her."
Berth 1
He had already served three tours in Iraq, where he'd suffered a traumatic brain injury, according to news reports. He was on his first deployment in Afghanistan, a U.S. official said.
"It’s not a genuine act. It’s not something they had on the books ever before. It’s designed for a single purpose," said Jon Fisher, a Breakwater official. "It’s baloney."
But Maya isn't feeling quite so clingy about going off to camp this year. She jumps up and shows how she's going to send another arrow through the bull's-eye, and wonders whether she'll be able to find that polka-dotted bunny she spotted last year.
Herzog explains why he chose to hypnotize his cast in the book's Afterward: "The story of a village community in Bavaria that walks straight into a foreseen and foretold disaster, almost like a community of sleepwalkers, needed a specific stylization."
The lack of oversight, combined with a lack of urgency among arresting officers, created a situation where suspects literally became lost in the system. "We were seeing minor misdemeanors who were being held for as long as five days," Adrine said.
The 53-year-old Damiani calmly answered a series of questions posed to her by District Judge Ann Montgomery in a hearing that lasted about 35 minutes.
Tampa Bay's four sac flys were the most by an AL team since Seattle had five in a game - which tied the major league record - against Kansas City on April 15, 2008.
"I'm hoping that we will close some of the loopholes on pay-to-play," Greenstein said. "I think we need to decouple the process of campaign contributions from the process of getting contracts, and much of that is done at the county and local level."
Months of negotiations with the state by The Star's Tim Evans extracted a one-page summary of an independent re-testing that showed there was no trace of drugs in 30 percent of 800 samples from 2007 to 2009 that were reported to prosecutors as positive for marijuana or cocaine.
Coach Mike Brown said he was happy to see O’Neal and is fine with his treatment plan.
“It was a little windier than it usually is, but that was kind of good for this race,” she said. “I had something to push through and think about on that back stretch.”
Lankard's Rule: Provide full information regarding your military experience.
Grown-ups can wash it all down with a tangy margarita on the rocks ($16.99 for a crowd-pleasing pitcher).
4. "Glee": This hasn't been a humdinger season of "Glee," but recent weeks have been at least a step in the right direction -- back to the central cast, and refreshingly free of distracting guest stars. The finale is next week, but tonight the McKinley High gang reportedly deal with the death of .... somebody. Oh, and Jessie St. James is still around, now acting as a show choir consultant, much to the consternation of Finn (Cory Monteith). Who dies? Cast members have been talking about the episode, saying things like, "It affects everyone, everybody in the cast" (that was Jenna Ushkowitz saying that, BTW). It's on at 8 p.m., on KPTV.
TEXAS TOUCH
Maybe something free from the city's libraries.
Q: Peter is there a reason that you couldn't sustain it? I mean you've had a pretty tough schedule lately you won your -
"Joe was interested in looking at the underside of things" on the film, recalled Oscar-winning cinematographer Haskell Wexler, who was a cinematographer on "The Savage Eye" and on Strick's 1971 documentary "Interviews with My Lai Veterans," which featured American soldiers who were present at the My Lai massacre in Vietnam.
The agent was a smooth talker, and the Busbys were not concerned that he didn't offer them a chance to study the documents.
For Duran, now a junior at Lynn University in Florida, yesterday marked his first visit to ground zero.
River East Art Center, 435 E. Illinois St. 312-321-1001
Percentage of applicants rejected: 3%
Second thoughts: Dull in Florida Derby.
4. Trim away and discard the tough stems from the beet greens. Stack the leaves, roll them into a tight cylinder, and cut them crosswise into 1/4-inch ribbons. Add the sliced beet greens to the lentils and continue cooking until the lentils are fully tender but still hold their shape, about 10 minutes more.
Neither Hayes nor his attorney responded to calls seeking comment. Klarfeld, who owns Klarfeld Real Estate Co. in Clayton, and Swaney, a real estate agent at Klarfeld Real Co., also did not return calls for comment.
What I saw was a guy with baggy pants, not in school, not at work, walking down the street in the middle of the day. I was at home recuperating from surgery. So in my mind, he shouldn't have been there. I didn't wonder who he was or whose he was. I wondered where he was going. I was suspicious.
"I'm certainly encouraged to see that people who are already taking aspirin for another reason may see this added benefit," Meropol says.
For a recap of Monday night's debate, check out the blow-by-blow reports filed live from the Tampa fairgrounds at orlandosentinel.com/takingnames.
"I'm a civil rights lawyer and I realized that I had never had a gay or lesbian civil rights case, and it is because there are no rights," Forbes said. "That's when the tide of the meeting changed."
Investigators were able to determine that the shooting happened in the 5100 block of West Kinzie Street in the South Austin neighborhood, but little else because the 20-year-old man wouldn't cooperate with authorities, police said.
The Comfort for Kids programs includes trauma-training workshops for adults and a workbook that helps children tell their story of the disaster. Kids also get comfort kits, with items such as blankets, stuffed animals and books.
Sailing relatives were part of the impetus for the novel, and though Rogan writes of the ocean with a poet's eye, she also refuses to romanticize the harsh reality. As a storm approached, the water "was bluish-black and rolled past us like an unending herd of whales. The lifeboat alternately rose high on their broad backs and slid down into the deep depressions between them. Above, clouds hurtled through the sky before the wind.... I shivered, and for the first time since the day of the shipwreck, I felt profoundly afraid. We were doomed."
The bill sharply restricts collective bargaining, ends binding arbitration and bans worker strikes for all state and local public employees. GOP leaders say the bill will help local governments rein in the costs for salaries and benefits of their workers, paid for by taxpaying private-sector workers.
"It's scary, the look he gets," Hill said of West. "He gets those eyes going, those fists are clenched and those (muscular) cuts are showing, that's when we know he's in beast mode. He's been in beast mode this entire series."
That really rubs salt in the wound, after Sanders' announcement in December that he was retiring in mid-contract and in the midst of his transformation plan's inaugural school year.
The council is concerned that more than 40 percent of Monroe County workers commute out of the county every day. It wants to have more work locally.
Traces of at least two unknown people were discovered at the London apartment of a British spy whose naked body was found locked inside a sports bag, a forensic expert told a hearing Monday.
"I'm getting more confident."
Staying in the church meant I would have my family, but I couldn't pretend to believe. And it was difficult to live a fulfilling life without Mormonism. My parents shut me out of their home for nearly five years because of religion, and some former friends shunned me.
The U.S. protests were the most visible organizing effort by anti-Wall Street groups since the movement's encampments were dismantled last fall.
Just because saxophonist and composer Bill Crain's name doesn't show up often in gig announcements doesn't mean he isn't working night and day.
There will be an opening reception from 6-8 p.m. March 2. The reception is free and open to the public.
7. Pueblo West lost to Greeley West 40-7
He also nurtured young filmmakers such as Lynch and Mostow.
Academic bio: Missouri Scholars 100 ... first honor roll (four years) ... Bausch and Lomb Honorary Science Award from the University of Rochester ... Dean's Distinguished Honorary Science Achievement Award from UMSL ... Letter of Commendation from the National Merit Scholarship Program.
"Any number of architects are doing substantial work in Phoenix, and the number keeps growing."
With the win, second-seeded Ballwin moves into the winners' bracket final against fourth-seeded Creve Coeur at 8 p.m. Wednesday at EAA.
Besides the Ortizes, those accused of racketeering and conspiracy to commit murder were Flores, Whipple and Campos-Gonzalez; Giovanni Rimando Ascenio, 22, Raymond Hembry, 33, and Mario Bergren, 23, all of South San Francisco; Rodrigo Aguayo, 23, and Gregorio Guzman, 38, both of San Mateo; James Hembry, 31, and Andrew Bryant, 29, of Daly City; Armando Acosta, 27, of Pacifica; Peter Davis, 26, of San Francisco; and Richard Martinez, 25, of Hayward.
Let's say a group of Americans worked for an employer that was badly overextended.
Wistrich got help on the choreography from Geoff Gonzalez, who is playing Romeo opposite Samuelsson. (The double-cast lead roles also include Erica Alvarez and Gerardo Gil.) After the men had two training sessions with Edwin Hurst of the Cabrillo Academy of the Sword, Gonzalez choreographed the fight scenes.
Fortunately, there's more to Kasich's plan than mere retention. It's of critical importance that the final plan, which is part of the state budget adjustment bill recently presented to the General Assembly, include all of the help to struggling readers that Kasich envisions -- and more.
In addition, although Congress has extended the 99-week limit until February, Republicans have pushed for a 59-week limit after that. Supporters and opponents alike think the 99-week maximum will disappear.
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said at a news conference at Baltimore's Inner Harbor that his staff found that no significant impact to the environment, shipping or other activities would result from letting developers start studies and plans for harnessing ocean winds from New Jersey to Virginia.
(05-11) 14:59 PDT WASHINGTON, (AP) --
Yes, "trickle down" economics promise to make the Third World a better place. Of course before backwards natives make definitive plans for "movin' on up to the East Side," they should consider the pesky fact that things don't trickle down in weightless conditions. ("Sorry, folks. But don't blame us! Blame that pinko Sir Isaac Newton!")
FREDERICK ROBERT "BOB" TORGERSEN, 89, Kissimmee, died Sunday. Osceola Memory Gardens Cemetery, Funeral Home & Crematory, Kissimmee.
As in the risotto, Batson and her crew know how to bring the best out of vegetable dishes. That's clearly evident in cannelloni ($15) stuffed with leeks and chard and moistened with parsnip cream. Fourme d'Ambert was added for a rich, tangy note, and toasted walnuts for crunch.
"You wait for a voice like that for a lifetime," Davis said. "You wait for a smile like that — a presence like that — for a lifetime and when one person embodies it all, it takes your breath away."
Last year, the city defaulted on a bond payment, resulting in a $4.1 million lawsuit. During the legal wrangling, the city threatened to file for bankruptcy.
NUMMI is a joint venture between General Motors and Toyota, but rumors of its closure have swirled since the beginning of this year. Finally in June, GM announced it was ending its partnership in the plant. Toyota then announced last month it will not order any vehicles from the auto plant after next March.
"I believe it was something like, 'Oh, yeah,' or 'Yeah,' '' Fleener said. "Very short, simple, to the point.''
It will only be the second time that Patrick has officially driven a Cup car after her debut in the Daytona 500 in February.
The three suspects fled. Two women who were involved were identified and detained but the stabbing suspect hasn't been located, police said this morning.
"This law and potential copy cat laws have the ability to seal the fate of the Republican Party with Hispanics in the exact same way that the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act did with African Americans," said Matt Barreto, a pollster for Latino Decisions and an adjunct political science professor at the University of Washington.
He said the first-time event received such excellent response from authors that the library will hold at least one more in 2011. "Just through word-of-mouth we received more applicants than we can accommodate."
"To me, the changes in the big picture are insignificant," McAustin said.
To get into the highly competitive Troy Tech program, students must apply as incoming freshmen. Some commute to the school daily from as far away as South Pasadena, south Orange County and Riverside, Buchan said.
Missouri will be the first of several states - Arizona, Florida and Oklahoma are the others - to hold what amounts to a voter litmus test on the president's health care plan, and that makes the vote an important part of the midterm election strategy of the Republicans pushing it.
Cummings and Tierney, saying that some of the documents about the Fannie program came from "an independent source" rather than DeMarco, suggested the regulator withheld information. The congressmen wrote that they have "very serious concerns" about the "failure to provide Congress with complete and accurate information about these important matters."
“We got 212 snaps in that day,” Whitner said. “It was things like that.”
Panetta, who was joined by Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, mentioned the steps the Pentagon has taken previously, including the creation of a 24/7 hotline and the selection of a two-star general to head the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office.
The median home price in Oakland hasrisen 128 percent since 1999, the year Brown took office, while mortgage rates have hovered between 5.27 and 7.
Jenny Oh, a member of the choir, said she received an email saying the choir would not be performing Sunday because the church was heading in a new direction and leadership.
If you're traveling to the Central Coast, some of the best tri-tip is not found in restaurants. It is found on Saturdays and Sundays in the shopping center parking lots along H Street in Lompoc, where service clubs, the Little League and other non-profits grill on huge mobile pits and sell the whole meal for $7-$10.
"He pitched around me and got me out," Gonzalez said.
It was Accorsi, as GM of the Browns, who nabbed Bernie Kosar in the 1985 supplemental draft.
The radio career of Jack Benny will be featured on John and Larry Gassman's "Same Time, Same Station," which streams on demand every Sunday at www.vintageradioplace.com. It is also available for download beginning Monday or Tuesday at www.radiooutofthepast.org
Princess Aurora will be danced by Julia Horner, 17. Taylor Gerrasch, 17, will dance the role of the wicked fairy Carabosse and Abby Schneider, 16, will play the Lilac Fairy.
I-85 North at Spout Springs Road — new interchange $17,300,000
It was exactly the kind of publicity Mr. Arnault sought: Mr. Galliano made a splash with risqué collections inspired by homeless people. He introduced frayed denim and black motorcycle jackets to a dusty brand that gradually returned to favor with tastemakers and the younger consumers Mr. Arnault was trying to attract.
Clearly, May needs help, lots of it. She believes her neighbors to be bullies, according to a probation report. One neighbor remembers hearing shouts and running over because she feared May was being assaulted in her open garage. May was yelling at herself, Norman Bates-style.
This is what we'd done that night. I'd recalled seeing a premature deal on TV and it being resolved like this, and the guys agreed.
Complete coverage: To read "Report to America on Pipeline Safety," or to see Chronicle reports since the San Bruno pipeline blast, video of the disaster, and company and government documents about PG&E's actions, go to www.sfgate.com/san-bruno-fire.
Going door to door last weekend, Sajid spotted one of his campaign signs flat on the ground, getting buried in the snow. He wrestled a new wire frame into it, then pushed the sign back into the ground so it would stand.
It's rarely a good sign when the first question for the general manager after announcing a draft pick is about a felony assault charge. But like everything else Phil Emery did in his first NFL draft as a GM, we'll have to take his word for it that the Bears' due diligence on Evan Rodriguez indicates the tight end from Temple is as coachable as he is versatile and that his transgressions were a byproduct of immaturity and not some self-destructive nature that doesn't get measured at the scouting combine.
"In addition, by having trash and recycle bins out just one day, you won't see these containers out four to five days of the week. ... By doing this, it keeps your area a little cleaner. And, you don't have to remember which days the recycle bin gets placed on the curb and which days the garbage gets out."
Critics say the city can't afford to spend $600 million on bike infrastructure. Adams counters that the city can't afford not to invest in the ambitious plan, saying it would be virtually impossible to meet the city's livability and environmental goals without it.
Pat McTigue of St. Louis came downtown with friends at 6 a.m. to stake her claim at a corner of Tucker Boulevard and Market. McTigue used to go to the Dogtown parade, she said, but the 60 to 80 friends and family members who join her each year outgrew the neighborhood parade. "We can't fit in Dogtown, there's no room," she said.
Dad always made a point of stopping down to sit with me for a while if he had a minute. Most of the nearby adults knew who he was and always asked if I needed anything before they left to buy food. Most games, I never even had to dip into my own cache of quarters.
Starting the first day of school, and every Tuesday into October, students will be offered unlimited servings of Oregon-grown watermelon. That means many cafeteria workers will have to slice six or seven watermelons along with their other morning prep work -- daunting for sure. Again, a chef's demonstration of how it can be done safely and efficiently -- and produce a panful of mouth-watering slices pretty enough for a magazine cover -- calmed most worries.
The committee released its findings a couple weeks ago along with a list of recommendations for changes in the program that is carried out by the agency's Immigration and Customs Enforcement division.
Differentiated funding secondary, one staff position, $91,000
Ministers also said a new 40 million pound International Space Innovation Center would be built for using space data to understand climate change and develop strategies for securing space systems.
Representatives from the U.S. Attorney’s Office in New Jersey and the FBI declined to identify the cooperating witness, citing an ongoing investigation.
Bashford said that of more than 250 cases the prosecutors worked, only in 30 cases did the victim decline to prosecute -- far fewer than in typical sexual assault prosecutions.
So for as long as it lasts, I intend to keep saying it, even if I feel compelled for the moment to chill on any more talk about hairweave. Until next year: Aweave-e-derci. Peace out.
The ACLU has taken some districts to court. This month, the head of Pittsburgh's public schools recommended ending single-gender classes after the ACLU threatened legal action. Last month, the Vermilion Parish School Board in Louisiana agreed to temporarily end single-sex classes at a school, resolving an ACLU lawsuit.
Kable, who has not been implicated by name or description in any documents related to the probe, could not be reached for comment Wednesday. He emerged from 48 applicants for the job and was deemed the most qualified by an evaluation team that included Weaver.
Art Criticism Journals. Recipient: Alan Adams and Pam Edens. School: Jacob Wismer Elementary. Award: $519. Students will learn through journaling; a writing unit will be created.
Asked in an interview if he supported a year-round school year, Obama said: "The idea of a longer school year, I think, makes sense." He did not specify how long that school year should be but said U.S. students attend classes, on average, about a month less than children in most other advanced countries.
Head said that's just one of many advances at Anderson Hospital, as it celebrates its 35th anniversary. The 151-bed medical facility has opened specialized centers in addition to the Pavilion for Women. They are: the Warren Billhartz Cancer Center, the Pediatric Therapy Center, the Anderson Chest Pain Center and the Center for Sleep Medicine. In addition, Anderson Hospital has emergency care clinics in Collinsville, Glen Carbon and Highland, with a fourth one to open in Bethalto in June.
Hamels will begin serving his suspension immediately, according to MLB.com's Todd Zolecki, and be eligible to pitch Sunday. The Phillies begin a three-game series against the New York Mets on Monday night. With an off day Thursday, the Phillies won't need an extra starter in Hamels' absence.
It doesn't matter as much as it once did whether wedding flowers are in season or not. These days, you can get almost any flower at any time of the year -- if you're willing to pay extra to have it imported, according to the website The Flower Expert.
In a 2008 study in the Archives of Sexual Behavior, New and her colleagues administered a sexual behavior assessment questionnaire to 143 women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia who were not treated prenatally. They found that most were heterosexual, but the rates of homosexual and bisexual women were markedly higher in women with the condition — especially those with the most severe conditions — compared with a control group of 24 female relatives without congenital adrenal hyperplasia.
Wood bats meet the safety requirement, but the cost of replacing broken ones makes them a non-starter.
Loeb wanted one of those two new board members to be himself.
It's a good time, but not a drunken party. Patrons include families and seniors.
My Adonis, now 21st on the graded stakes earnings list, will ship from Monmouth Park to Churchill Downs this morning.
It came Sunday in a race that was at first dominated by drivers with the strongest cars. But when debris cautions jumbled up the pit cycles, the Brickyard 400 turned into a race of pure strategy.
It may be a few hours too soon to write the OSU obit, but just in case ...
The rules replace less aggressive limits on mercury established by the George W. Bush administration that were later thrown out by the federal courts. The Bush rules had established a cap-and-trade program that allowed utilities that reduced emissions to could sell credits to those that didn't.
"With that being the bar, and to walk around this floor and see that number of balloons? It's just awe-inspiring."
Tyler Dasher's mother, Shelby Dasher, 20, was charged with second-degree murder last month after Tyler's body was found in a wooded area near the River Des Peres. She had reported the child missing, but later told police that she beat the child because he would not stop crying in his crib on Nov. 15.
"We've got this giant roulette game going on," Snow said, "where no one is in control. Someone needs to get in control."
And today's parting shot is from a distracted driver.
really like Chicago. I'm not a Turco fan, so I didn't like them last year, but Corey Crawford proved himself last year and he's going to help them. Patrick Kane might not be ready to start the season because of the wrist surgery, but he should be ready to go soon.
San Francisco on Saturday spent two of its five draft picks on pass rushers: Notre Dame's Darius Fleming in the fifth round and Virginia's Cam Johnson with the team's final selection in the seventh round.
The report lists a number of self-imposed penalties, including barring women's coach Kim Mulkey from recruiting off campus in July and fewer scholarships for both programs. The NCAA may dole out harsher penalties.
Hey, Dave: I believe Crennel's contract with the Browns ran out at the conclusion of the 2011 season. He is off their books.
"When you love, you love. I mean, do you stop loving somebody because you have different images? You know, Bobby and I basically come from the same place," she told Rolling Stone in 1993. "You see somebody, and you deal with their image, that’s their image. It’s part of them, it’s not the whole picture. I am not always in a sequined gown. I am nobody’s angel. I can get down and dirty. I can get raunchy."
She dated Woody Allen in 1972, Warren Beatty in 1978 and Al Pacino in 1989, according to London's Daily Mail.
Annual operating cost: $175,000
Tomatoes and mozzarella cheese are regional specialties, but they're just the topping on the city's most famous pie, the Margherita, named for Italian Queen Margherita, who visited Naples in 1889.
Honda and other automakers will report sales later today.
The harshest discipline an educator can face is to have his or her teaching certificate revoked, since without a certificate they cannot teach in Georgia.
-- If you need medical insurance, get a policy that provides primary coverage. Primary means the insurance company pays all the costs, up front, not just what you can't first recover from your other medical insurance. Even travelers with regular health insurance often buy primary travel medical to avoid the problem of having to pay a big bill on the spot, then go through a drawn-out claims process after they return.
It's a defensive maneuver that discourages hostile takeovers by allowing existing shareholders to buy discounted stock if any person or group acquires more than a defined percentage of the company's shares.
Canada's experience in Afghanistan has forced a sea change in the way the government and public view their military, even as Canadians increasingly question whether the war was worth the costs and Ottawa plans to slash its military budget.
"Donors who chose to disclose are free to do so," said one of the effort's leaders, Elliot Ackerman.
Lindenwood University's men's basketball team capped a record-setting season by winning the NCAA Division II Transitional Tournament in Spearfish, S.D. Lindenwood defeated Sioux Falls (S.D.) in the finals 85-75 to end its season with a 28-3 record. The Lions' .903 winning percentage established a school record. In their final game together, the Lindenwood backcourt of senior Kramer Soderberg (St. Charles West) and junior Alex Bazzell (St. Charles West) combined for 46 points. Soderberg scored 25, and Bazzell had 21. Soderberg ended with a 17.9 scoring average and Bazzell a 15.4 mark.
FitzGerald and Mason deny any such alliance.
Victoria Wallace, the castle's chief executive, declined to offer a cost on renting the turreted castle surrounded by a lake and sloping acres of parkland. The palace normally rents its grounds for events but mindful of the interest in deluxe accommodations during the Summer Olympics, she said the castle might consider a tailored "bespoke" package if there was interest.
<U+0093>It<U+0092>s something I would very much like to do but we have not made a decision yet,<U+0094> Manley said.
"It's a family house and clearly it's very important to Sean or he wouldn't be paying for all this work and repair," Larkin said.
The break included sunshine, strolls, Lane County farmers market, vegan food, frolicking at the top of Skinner Butte, soy lattes, TMNT: The Secret of the Ooze, and the
Just not the fast food capital.
The agency's report comes out as New Brunswick, N.J.-based J&J is under scrutiny for eight recalls since September covering tens of millions of bottles of pain reliever Tylenol and other popular nonprescription medicines.
The book, edited by British rock journalist Martin Kielty, takes music fans backstage, onstage and at home with the showman, who today has become something of a rock 'n' roll footnote.
The federal judge overseeing the case later awarded MGA an additional $85 million in punitive damages for trade secrets misappropriation, and MGA, Larian and the company's Hong Kong affiliate $137 million in legal fees.
Kemp hit his major league-leading 12th homer for Los Angeles, which owns the best record in the NL at 16-7.
“It’s fun recruiting when you’re leading the league in scoring,’’ Robinson said.
President & CEO, AmerenUE
On Monday, the Sanford, Fla., city commission refused to accept the resignation of Police Chief Bill Lee, who stepped down temporarily in March after an initial decision by prosecutors not to file charges led to nationwide protests. Commissioners said they would not bow to outside pressure.
Two videos posted to YouTube.com depicted a caravan of sports cars from the club returning from Atlantic City on March 31, and captions on the videos said the caravan included Jacobs.
Clive Wynne, an associate professor in the psychology department of the University of Florida, isn't so sure the experiment measures the animals reaction to fairness.
Baltimore County police believe the man responsible is also connected to a string of burglaries of offices in 1200, 1400 and 1600 blocks of York Road in Towson that began Dec. 6, police said.
Today's findings mesh with other recent polls that show a nationwide surge for Santorum.
Golladay said the center has offered 19 classes so far for more than 200 students.
"Buu buu!" said one.
During spring training in 2008, Gomes predicted the Rays were going to the playoffs after they'd finished in last place the year before, and Tampa Bay went to the World Series. Gomes said similar things about the A's this spring.
Miss Manners does think that you should write to these people, apologizing for your confusion and blaming no one but yourself for your younger child's disappointment.
<U+0093>There<U+0092>s no good reason to run somewhere else to train when I know (video coordinator) Jordan Ott and (former manager) Nate Babcock can help me get better,<U+0094> he said.
Candace Gautreaux could hardly contain her excitement as she waited to meet Clinton.
Mission accomplished, Labrot said.
The same group found a nearly one-third drop in maternal mortality rates -- from 546,000 in 1990 to 343,000 this year. A separate analysis by the World Health Organization released around the same time confirmed the decline.
"What's going to be the next promise in five years?" said Patricia Goley, a chemistry teacher at Manchester Township High School.
“Absolutely, that’s what he played at Boise,” the scout said. “He plays nine and five technique all day long. You can stand him up if you want. If (Rod) Marinelli puts 10 pounds on his butt, he’ll be a base end and be a real (tough player). Now, I thought 19 (overall) was a little rich but I love the pick. With as many teams with 3-4 defenses that coveted the kid, the Bears had to take him there.”
But state Rep. Bob Hagan, a Youngstown-area Democrat who has called for a moratorium on drilling activity in Eastern Ohio while the environmental impact can be studied, said the oil and gas money is "papering over people's objections with green dollars."
A month after Salari won the last of several six-figure tax refunds based on the lower value, the property owners sold the lots for $21 million, nearly three times the value set by Noguez's staff, according to records reviewed by The Times.
"When she started talking about it, it was go time," Hersey said. "I said, 'OK, let's do it.'"
But not your average chicken noodle soup. A kicked up, Asian-inspired soup laced with garlic and ginger. Even a stuffy nose could not help but perk up as the aroma of this dish wafted through the house.
The planned trans-Hudson commuter rail tunnel will boost home values by thousands of dollars and help hold down property tax rates in areas where commuting times will be cut, according to a report released today by a regional planning group.
For 10 days the chefs will take turns pairing off and serving up gourmet meals in the back patio of a cultural center in colonial Old Havana. Guests are greeted with a mojito and escorted to a table for 12 in homage to the maximum number of seats that the government allowed paladars to have when they first opened in the 1990s.
“We won’t surprise customers with this,” Wood said. “We’ll give them plenty of notice, about four weeks, before installing the new meters.”
construction contracts that did not exist.
Bearing a St. Louis area code, the message reached Wong in his native Hawaii on a January morning. The invitation sounded preposterous to the Cardinals' infield prospect: A weeklong visit to St. Louis that included airfare and five nights' lodging at a tony Frontenac hotel.
Times: 11 a.m.-10 p.m. Mondays through Saturdays; 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Sundays.
Czech-Slovak genealogy: The Genealogical Committee of the Western Reserve Historical Society is holding a seminar, "Finding Your Czech-Slovak Roots," Saturday at the society's Norton Gallery, 10825 East Blvd., near University Circle.
2 parts Van Gogh PB&J Vodka
He was identified as having Asperger's at age 3, his mother said. His "bizarre" methods of play showed that "he was far more interested in things than he was in people."
A: Not necessarily. Germany's currency would likely shoot up if it did. Its exports would then become costlier for foreigners. UBS says that if Germany left the eurozone, its economy would decline 20 to 25 percent. And the pain would spread. The United States, Asia and others would suffer if worldwide credit froze and European economies sank into recession. U.S. companies have poured $2.2 trillion into long-term investments in Europe like factories and acquisitions. Companies from Whirlpool to Abercrombie & Fitch to General Motors have reported sagging sales in Europe.
øThere are, however, drawbacks to balance transfer offers. The biggest is this: If you're really desperate to lower your interest rate, you probably won't qualify for the best deals. Credit card companies are primarily interested in customers with good to excellent credit, Hardekopf says. That typically means a credit score in the mid-700s, if not higher.
The Medicaid-funded Oregon Health Plan covers about 600,000 people. By 2019, it is expected to cover almost 1 million people, or nearly 1 in 4 Oregonians.
Another settlement, of $200,000, resulted from a 2007 altercation in which Whitman, in her words, "physically escorted" an employee out of a meeting room.
Then there’s the other side of their relationship.
And those awards represent only a fraction of all claims. Most claims result in no payment at all to the plaintiff.
The Warriors had planned for Myers to eventually succeed Riley when they lured him from the player-agent side of the business a year ago. The big surprise was the timing. Why now?
The veteran-laden Mavericks showed the young Thunder that their supposed superior athleticism did not mean easy baskets. As the Fort Worth Star-Telegram's Dwain Price wrote, the Mavs taught the kids a lesson.
"To me it's not any different than if someone stood up in court and started cussing everybody out," said Circuit Judge John Bush. "It's disrespectful conduct and I think as judges we're expected to at least have some degree of control and respect for the courtroom the people have given us charge of."
"Everyone was screaming it at the top of their lungs,” Ohio State safety Donnie Nickey said. "It felt good. Real good.”
According to a Gainesville, Fla., police report, Leonard shoved his girlfriend during an argument, causing her to fall to the ground and hit her head on a dog cage. She told police Leonard told her to take her belongings and leave the apartment they shared. (AP)
Vence said the driver spent a day-and-a-half in jail for a few traffic violations.
Rates have been low for more than a year. Yet few Americans can afford to buy a home or qualify for a loan. Those who can have already done so.
"Politically, we welcome this," she said. "We think it's a huge mistake. President Obama is choosing the money over the voters the day after 61 percent of North Carolinians in a key swing state demonstrated they oppose gay marriage."
Ehlmann, a Republican, said he was willing to discuss revisions. Asked if he'd support a no-exemption measure, he said, "I'm open to that and a lot of things."
It ranks 11th among all states based on the number of work-related fatalities, with Texas topping the list at 456 deaths, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
In interviews with more than a dozen NBA players, many say they are not doing much to compensate for the loss of sleep but they are feeling the effects of the compressed season.
It's tough to argue about the need. An alarming number of high school students -- about 1 million nationally -- drop out of school before graduation. More than 40 percent of New York state's community college students are so poorly prepared that they need first-year remedial help -- a not unusual pattern. Across the nation, high proportions of college students fail to complete their studies and win degrees. Each dropout or failure not only spells limited life prospects for the student, but a less economically vibrant region where they live.
"What goes around comes around," she said. "I do think maybe someday down the line I might need to have someone do things for me, and so I don't have any qualms about it."
Pryor can be dangerous in those anarchical moments when he can just plays. No worrying about throwing mechanics, or all the short, hard, daisy-cutters he whipped at his rangy tight ends' feet. No dwelling on the two interceptions he threw, no trying to prove he can pass well enough to please NFL scouts.
"Basically it was if you're going to play like this after a day off, you won't have any more days off," he said. "It's pretty simple We looked like we were in mud.
"You find out what you've got, what you're made of," Smith said. "You want to see if your best can match up with the best. Either you get them, or they get you."
"We put way too much emphasis on recycling, and it's just putting a Band-Aid on the problem," said Sweany, who works part time at Pogue's Run Grocer on the Eastside.
1345 De Noailles Dr, $310,000
The apology came in the form of a statement from the Drug Enforcement Administration field office in Kearny Mesa, where Chong was transported on April 21 after being picked up in a drug sweep near campus earlier that day.
"Victory is within reach," Nikolic said. "We will have a new government and a new president."
Or maybe the turtleneck is the only thing you both require. ... Regardless, it's time for some serious iSync. When it's a Mac-on-Mac equation, you never need to explain that your idea of foreplay is five minutes in the iTunes store -- downloading some hot erotic podcasts, of course. Start by examining each other's features. Make sure all your ports are compatible, and remember there's a connection kit for every desire: uploading, downloading or power issues. Don't worry about memory: It's all in the past, baby -- size up the hard drive and pass the lube. Is it a Duo? Bonus.
That twister etched a 12-mile swath in the landscape, stripping trees, felling communications towers and destroying two houses, including the modular home where Randy Alba, 52, and his wife Lisa, 51, and their 19-year-old son, Randall, were sleeping.
Even though Cruz makes that focus difficult.
In recent months relations with Pakistan have grown tense, but the drone program has continued. CIA director Leon Panetta met on April 11 with Pakistan's intelligence chief Ahmad Shuja Pasha, and continued to receive private agreement allowing the U.S. to launch drone strikes.
Schwarzenegger, a Republican, finished his seven-year run as governor in January and has been traveling to deliver speeches and pursuing entertainment projects. He tweeted frequently during his travels to such faraway places as Brazil, Nigeria and France.
And 54 percent believe their own costs will rise once the reforms take full effect, while 11 percent say their costs will drop and 31 percent anticipate no change.
Lincoln went on top to stay with 7:58 left in the game when Shannon broke down the left sideline for a 56-yard touchdown to make it 31-24.
He could also have been arraigned, but his attorney Patrick Tooley asked Hartmann for additional time to review more than 3,300 pages of evidence in the case as well as various CDs and DVDs related to the case.
All three men were already known to law enforcement.
A Mattie's Call was issued for Rufus Holcomb after he left his home on foot around 8:30 p.m. Saturday.
My third thought was a memory: About 10 years ago, I appeared on WJR's "Paul W. Smith Show." The convivial host and I talked then about what we talk about now: Detroit's problems with crime, finances, corruption and schools.
Luckily for him, simple measures such as improving his diet and losing some weight returned his blood sugar to normal.
The hand-woven, rubber-back mats are 30 inches long, 18 inches wide and 1 inch tall. $38 each, 877-244-2776, chiasso.com
In court documents, the NYPD confirmed only that Jones had been an Intelligence Division undercover who used aliases. His defense claimed that he also had permission to get a New Jersey driver's license using a fake name.
Kyra Hines-Allen, Montclair, N.J.
About a year ago, one of the 10 large (8-10 inches in diameter) limbs snapped off in a storm. Before it happened, the bark was falling off. The rest of the branches seem fine. We also have a very large root, partially above ground, that seems to go under our patio. Is this a potentially serious problem, and if so, what if anything can be done about it?
The Wall Street Journal reported that Wang told Bo he believed Heywood had been poisoned. In addition, the newspaper said a source claimed Bo's wife, Gu Kailai, a former lawyer, had a business dispute with Heywood.
"I wouldn't miss that," said the elder Smith, a member of the crew, though it was unclear if he'd dress up in Amish garb. "I'm thinking about riding my bike along with it."
GHOST RIDER: SPIRIT OF VENGEANCE
Sewejkis confessed <U+0093>he freaked, he f----d up and hurt the child,<U+0094> Wright said from the witness stand, recalling his interview with Sewejkis last Dec. 7 at Oakwood Annapolis Hospital.
There’s something about a prism of sparkling light that fascinates us all. We’re not quite sure what it is, but when we see it dance — the flicker of a glistening diamond, glowing frost-lit icicles, a twinkling star — we are instantly mesmerized. The truth is, we may never outgrow our attraction to shiny, sparkly things, so it’s no wonder some couples are incorporating a touch of shimmer into their wedding décor and garb.
He walked into the clubhouse after the Tigers were swept by the Mariners at Comerica Park on Thursday disappointed <U+0096> <U+0093>Mad about the game and the way we<U+0092>ve been playing.<U+0094> <U+0096> sat down, tried processing the homestand and saw Inge.
Here's something that you probably never imagined Brady Anderson doing. The guy who was "The Bachelor" before there was a show called "The Bachelor" has whipped out his smart phone to show off pictures of his 8-year-old daughter, Brianna, who clearly is the love of his life.
4410 N. 40th St. Phoenix, AZ. 85018. Phone: 602-840-7777
AP Sports Writer Jon Krawczynski contributed to this report.
The blaze started in the boiler room of the warehouse, located at 11 Johnston Ave., according to Chief Inspector Charles D. Kerr.
On April 4, an estimated 2 million gallons of sewage spilled into the Tijuana River Valley due to what officials called operator error and a computer glitch. That incident was at a plant in San Ysidro owned by the U.S. section of the International Boundary and Water Commission, where the sewage overflow damaged pumps.
Weis says he’s not in the business of running kids off. But he will let his players understand how it’s going to be. And if the rules are broken more than once, well …
Weehawken Township Council, Wednesday, Weehawken Municipal Building, Second Floor Council Chambers, 400 Park Ave., 7 p.m.
Discus: Bleasdael, Vacaville, 172-01.
PPG is removing the mostly highly contaminated waste and has implemented interim capping measures at that 16 acre site. The plan, submitted by court-appointed site administrator W. Michael McCabe, calls for the remediation to be completed in 2014.
The main chamber — 100-feet in diameter with a 50-foot high ceiling — would offer enough room to measure the size, weight and velocity of experimental munitions, which Picatinny supplies to troops around the world.
As a senior at St. Joseph’s of Montvale, Kivlehan, who hails from West Nyack, N.Y., slugged 13 home runs. So all of his hitting hasn’t been restricted to when he’s wearing pads.
"We take and see children that don't have access to care," said Dr. Jim Williamson, one of the volunteer dentists.
The Arkansas-born actress made her film debut while still a teenager in writer-director James Bridges' 1978 drama "September 30, 1955," which was filmed on location in Arkansas.
Silent auction fundraiser and celebration of Audubon's birthday Bid on national/international trips, wine baskets and more during a silent auction fundraiser and celebration of John James Audubon's 227th birthday at a Creole feats and wine tasting from 6 to 9 p.m. The event is hosted by Pat McClearn at 444 Cherry St., Denver. Cost is $55 individual; $100 couple. RSVP: 303-973-9530.
Meanwhile, free window locks and pins are available at many Clackamas County fire stations.
Step 4: Follow the tent rule. "Brokeback Mountain" is top-quality filmmaking, and you should enjoy it in its entirety. But if you start to feel panicky -- as if you might hop to another theater and watch "Glory Road" -- simply follow the Heath Ledger Tent Rule. Every time Ledger's character, Ennis, crawls into a tent, take a trip to the restroom or refreshment stand, and make sure you're gone for at least three minutes. If you do that, then "Brokeback Mountain" is pretty much like watching an episode of "Will & Grace."
$41,350.
The Tigers looked like a complete team for the first time in a while in the Bronx, never mind the three runs Jose Valverde allowed in the ninth. Andy Dirks ran down a couple of balls in the outfield to take away extra-base hits. Prince Fielder made a nice scoop. Miguel Cabrera drove in a couple of runs.
Little Anthony and the Imperials
"The mortgage servicers hired people who would never question authority," said Peter Ticktin, a Deerfield Beach, Fla., lawyer who is defending 3,000 homeowners in foreclosure cases. As part of his work, Ticktin gathered 150 depositions from bank employees who say they signed foreclosure affidavits without reviewing the documents or ever laying eyes on them -- earning them the name "robo-signers."
That is the case for Keith Jones, 8, of Cottage Hills. He loves singing but has to be careful about going out, especially in the heat. Keith has ectodermal dysplasia, a group of disorders that can lead to abnormalities in the eye, inner ear, fingers and nerves. In Keith's case, the disorder has stunted his sweat glands.
What: An often overlooked classic Sherry that over-delivers.
DETROIT -- Free agent first baseman Prince Fielder and the Detroit Tigers agreed Tuesday on a nine-year, $214 million contract that fills the AL Central champions' need for a power hitter, a person familiar with the deal said.
LG: Eric Steinbach (2007).
Guests at Shannon's party enjoyed the food and drink, and were equally enthusiastic about ogling the updated memorabilia collection and sharing memories of good times they'd had at the restaurant in the shadow of the Old Courthouse, the Arch and Busch Stadium.
After leaving Columbia, the family headed East to Ohio State where new Buckeyes coach Urban Meyer extended an offer.
"White Oregonians have associated people of color with hierarchy and disparities," Peterson del Mar says. "Owning slaves gave you an unfair advantage. Some thought wealthy people would use blacks and immigrants to get wealthier at the expense of regular white men."
The average fees on the one-year and five-year loan were unchanged at 0.6 point.
The Day of Reckoning had arrived— and arrived with a vengeance.
"Is it pressure? I think it's fun," he said of playoff hockey. "When I have the opportunity, like I've had the past few years here, I try to take advantage of the opportunities."
A Dolphin's Tale will be produced by Alcon Entertainment and distributed by Warner Bros., which collaborated on the Academy Award-winning The Blind Side. Warner and Alcon also teamed on The Book of Eli starring Denzel Washington.
Said Kipnis, "It was closer than I thought."
They share similar backgrounds, both from Salt Lake City, and personalities and faiths, both are unusually nimble for their size, and both opted against taking their Mormon missions once arriving in Eugene, much to the delight of Aliotti and the coaching staff.
"In the last five years when you look at the elite receivers, Calvin Johnson and, to me, A.J. Green were in that elite category, the highest of high," he said. "The second tier would be Julio Jones and Dez Bryant in terms of physical tools. I think when you look at Blackmon, he's in that second tier. I think he compares to Julio Jones in that they're physical receivers, ready to come in and contribute right away.
WILSONVILLE -- City councilors voted 5-0 to recommend a one-building urban renewal district for SoloPower Thursday night, ending seven hours of council meetings 30 minutes before midnight.
"It's just sort of a way of life for me, to go out and eat," she said, adding that she pays for all her meals.
Hardly the most beloved of the Bard's works, "All's Well," which the Public Theater's running in rep with "Measure for Measure," suffers from extreme tonal shifts and wildly implausible plot devices. Like the director's acclaimed "Merchant of Venice," which played the park last summer, this production navigates its emotional complexities with finesse.
The New Testament content of the film is also hard to miss — at least according to those who home in on the triangle (trinity?) of main characters.
Kelli Waggoner, KWK Management Group, Brownsburg.
9708 Dancing Wind Way, $487,000, 03-27-12,
But after Van Gundy told reporters the day before a Magic-Knicks game that Orlando management had told him Howard had asked for him to be fired, it was assumed Howard instantly would be going back on the trade market this summer. And the Nets -- who'd seemingly been Howard's preferred destination all along because of his closeness to Deron Williams, as well as the new Brooklyn arena that will be opening next season -- will be ready to make a new offer to take Howard off the Magic's hands.
Who: Lions' eight draft picks, 17 signed undrafted rookies and many more tryout players.
Brecksville Human Services Center, 2 Community Drive, Brecksville. Feast and a Flick. Cost is $5 for residents and $7 for nonresident guests and includes lunch and the flick, every Thursday at noon. No flick during weeks with a city holiday. Reservations must be made one week in advance. Call for details or to register. (440) 526-2499.
That's exactly how Harbaugh likes it. In fact, he will most certainly say in the coming months that the quarterback job is up for grabs even though everybody knows it's Alex Smith's job to lose after his remarkable comeback season in 2011.
Since February, prices rose the most in transportation, up 4.5 percent; apparel, up 3.2 percent; and recreation, up 2.7 percent. The only category to post a decline was education and communication, which dipped 0.1 percent.
criminal charges against a shuttered Georgia company accused of using fake signatures on phony foreclosure documents.
Halladay had allowed only nine earned runs in 47 innings in six career starts against the Braves before Wednesday.
The names of those charged will not be released until they are all arrested, Lamar said. It was not immediately clear whether they were all band members.
May 04, 2012 12:51 PM EDT
A fellow miner, Victor Zamora, told the CBS "60 Minutes" show that during the first 17 days after the mine collapsed, before they were discovered alive, they had considered closing themselves in with a running engine so they could die peacefully of carbon monoxide poisoning.
More supermarkets are selling pizza ingredients or frozen pies customers can take and bake at home, which also cuts into the sit-down pizza business, Geraci added.
Welcome to Sunday morning at the Maryland Film Festival, where the three-piece Alloy Orchestra continued their tradition of presenting a silent movie accompanied by their own original score. The result is always unique, but this year, Alloy really topped themselves.
It will also announced that Jeremy Cole was been promoted to the head strength and conditioning coach, replacing Jay Butler, who went to Tampa Bay with Schiano. Cole had served as Butler's top assistant.
Although Sean Benjamin and Steve Mosqueda were once content to simply settle in at a bar and tell a good story, their ambitions have since expanded. The problem is, their attention to stagecraft has not. Their latest show — a conceptual goof that pits the seven deadly sins against the seven platinum albums of Hall & Oates — feels barely rehearsed, which I suspect isn't an aesthetic choice so much as a matter of circumstance.
When I was in high school, I was in the middle crowd, in popularity. Not miss popularity, but well liked, and definitely not a nerd or smoker. Just a nice, ordinary middle-of-the-road kind of girl.
What do you consider to be the biggest problem area in terms of food safety?
Mr. Carnevale's Georgetown center, as well as the U.S. Census Bureau, have produced estimates of the lifetime earnings advantage for college graduates. Both groups use census data to build what researchers call a synthetic working life for typical Americans at each level of education.
Tuesday marked the 12th time in 21 years that voters in the Rockwood district, one of the state's largest, were asked to vote on a bond issue.
The most common cancers were non-Hodgkin lymphoma, which affects the immune system, and cancers of the lung, liver and kidney. These cancers made up 43 percent of all cancers in organ transplant patients, compared with 21 percent in the general population.
There were probably more Chicago fans at Gorzelanny's Cubs debut than on a typical night when he pitched at home in Pittsburgh.
They say primary account holders are suppose to be notified via text message once a change is made to the account-- but Brenda said she never got a message.
Peabody's quarterly sales topped $2 billion for the first time even though the company mined fewer tons.
BLOOMFIELD — An Edison man told state police last week that he was robbed by four men and a woman at a Garden State Parkway rest area. But he was arrested Monday on charges of filing a false police report after telling cops he was actually ripped off by a prostitute, said State Police spokesman Sgt. Brian Polite.
Wagner was devastated when Chestnutt, who had been partially paralyzed since a car accident when he was 18, died in late 2009 after an overdose of muscle relaxants.
BERTHOUD 10, LYONS 0
Barrett won the Democratic primary even though he wasn't the favored candidate of the very unions that spurred the fight and helped organize the drive to collect more than 900,000 signatures to trigger the election.
"He looked real good, though he probably won't admit that he's feeling good or feeling back to the way he wants to be," Decker said.
So what's a football-lovin' girl to do?
“Southern Comfort” takes its title from an annual gathering in Atlanta that’s described as “the cotillion of the transgender community.”
Ken Silfven, a spokesman for the governor, wouldn't disclose details about the meeting, which was not on Snyder's public schedule.
Time management tip: I have a schedule. I write in it at the beginning of every week, so I know when I need to get my work done, and I rely on my phone for lot of due dates and schedule.
His lawyer, Troy Archie, did not immediately return a call today seeking comment.
Those gathering at Shemanski, which is at the north end of the South Park blocks, held a variety of signs and banners, including ones that said "Capitalism is Cancer" and "Save America's Postal Service."
The NVCA says Oregon entrepreneurs raised $37.7 million in the first quarter, but that total includes a $10.8 million investment in Portland medical technology company Home Dialysis Plus. HD Plus said this afternoon that money is part of a $50 million round from Warburg Pincus announced two years ago.
9) Dinner by Heston Blumenthal, London, UK
Not so fast. With the Philly crowd standing and waving their rally towels, the Sixers seemed primed for a comeback. Hawes fought inside for a tough basket that pulled the Sixers to 69-64 to help them end the game on a stunning 26-7 run.
"There is this thing that exists in the business where actors, once they feel like they've accomplished something, they say, `I'd really like to take on O'Neill,'" Dennehy said. "He's our Shakespeare."
Kipnis said he took a month and a half off after the season ended. Then he hit the gym. He even explored the mysteries of hot yoga.
Jan. 23: lemon pepper fish, au gratin potatoes, Brussels sprouts, Mandarin oranges, wheat bread.
"Can Roger Goodell stop shopping at the dollar store?" -- Claudia
They had a connection: Carolyn Carrie, a former teacher at Lobo Elementary, is married to Patrick Carrie, who works in the art department at Volcom. He arranged a Volcom community-service project, and Thursday he arrived on campus with Volcom muralist Eric Gordon to perform some magic on the handball courts.
The academy is the most elite honorific science society in the country, limiting its membership to about 2,200 scholars, many of whom are Nobel Prize laureates.
About five blocks west of Brick Lane in Shoreditch, Bramwell steered me to Boundary and Redchurch streets for a look at No. 2-4 Boundary. That's where British design star Terence Conran -- who has called Shoreditch "London's new Soho" -- joined with collaborators Vicki Conran and Peter Prescott in 2009 to open a striking food-and-lodging project. On the ground floor, the casual Albion Cafe and market were packed with lunchtime diners. Just upstairs lay the stylish Boundary Rooms hotel (12 rooms and five suites, each done in the style of a different modern or contemporary designer). On the top level, the Boundary Rooftop, a 48-seat bar, grill and garden, was awaiting better weather. Meanwhile, in an enormous space below ground level, the fancier Boundary Restaurant was offering French cuisine.
An officer explained that it was a group of St. Edward students promoting a mattress sale.
"The beautiful thing about this defense is its flexibility. For the outside linebackers (presumably Mathis and Freeney), the No. 1 thing is keeping the outside shoulder free, being stout and setting the edge. Funnel everything inside. That's one of the things they'll be required to do in the running game. When it comes to pass rushing, they do what they do. We have our little games, but they have complete freedom to do whatever they want if there's no blitzing."
Wyden's bill includes $50 million to carry out the work, but more money would be needed.
Tseng missed a five-foot birdie try on the par-five 17th, then saved par with an eight-foot putt on the par-four 18th to finish at 12-under 204 on La Costa's Legends Course.
There was confirmation this week that the Blockbuster store closings in the St. Louis region are mirroring what's going on nationwide.
School leaders and parents at Jedediah Smith Elementary are pushing to change the name of their Sacramento school, saying two unsettling aspects of the explorer's past have prompted conversations about honoring a local volunteer.
Simon Property Group Inc., the U.S.'s largest shopping-mall owner, asked CSC in a letter late Wednesday not to proceed with the proposed acquisition of Manchester's Trafford Centre and an equity placing until it had an opportunity to present a potential bid for the company.
It was just after 3:30 in the morning. He asked if she could be on the road by 4 a.m.
Fifty years ago, the summer of '62, eight shows graced the big Starlight stage, starting with <U+0093>The Music Man<U+0094> and ending with <U+0093>Bye Bye Birdie.<U+0094> Star showcases filled the early 1970s (<U+0093>The Pearl Bailey Show,<U+0094> <U+0093>The Roy Clark Show,<U+0094> etc.), and by the 1980s, just four musicals made up some seasons.
The Independent Police Review Authority is investigating.
Buffett says the growth in the stock's book value — the company's assets minus liabilities — has outpaced the Standard & Poor's 500 index in all but eight years since 1965 while delivering a compounded annual return of almost 20 percent. In recent years, Buffett has repeatedly warned investors not to expect that type of return in the future because Berkshire's size makes it nearly impossible to keep growing at that rate.
Heat the oven to 375 F. Spray two 9-inch cake pans with baking spray.
2A regional at Metro-East Lutheran, the Explorers had an easy time advancing. The good news for Marquette (10-11) is that it's playing its best ball of the year, having won its fifth straight. The bad news: up next is a 6 p.m. game Wednesday against top seed Piasa Southwestern, which has handled Marquette 57-22 and 48-19 in two meetings this season.
"We're happy," Noah said. "But we're not satisfied."
The couple met in the 1980s. Gu was the sister-in-law of Bo's first wife, an army surgeon. In the midst of Bo's messy divorce, Gu followed him to Dalian, where he rose to become mayor in 1993.
But a complex 1040 -- say one with investments or a small business or rental income -- would be $219 and up.
They've filled the room with Rebecca's grandmother's furniture, which she thinks dates back to the 1920s and which perfectly fits the home's small scale.
While the returns are still small at the local level — Glenbard West, one of the state's top teams, spends about $100,000 on its program but made only $16,727 in admission fees last year — some schools are starting to dip into the same revenue stream that nourishes college and pro sports.
"Anyway, six months later we hired him as a bartender. Five years later, the bartender who brought him here, Ralph Retz, who is now dead, outed Mick," said Mr. Carback, laughing.
"You can't be a flip-flopper one minute and a hard-core conservative the next," he said.
Morton Grove
“I’m glad for all our effort we got seeded number one,” Ramer said. “I’ve never seen a two come after a number one. We have to take that as a challenge, but we have to take it one game at a time.”
Game 4, at 2 p.m. Sunday, will be on NBC (KSDK locally). Dave Strader (play-by-play) and Brian Engblom (analysis) have the call.
Engeman, a member of the Portland Historic Landmarks Commission and a former historian for the Oregon Historical Society, said the Parks Bureau told him the revamped location was "too exposed" for a plaque. The original plaque was stolen.
"Wall Street is spending a fortune to try to water down the language of this law," Levin said. "They're trying to wriggle out from under it and it should not be permitted."
Ella Claire: Kalama Export
Lisa Ung and Patricia Yardley are leading the effort to launch Golden Leaf Charter School. Both have children at the Portland Village School, a Waldorf-based public charter school serving kindergarten through eighth grade.
Nicholas James Stoffers
Willis, Ronald Manzo’s lawyer, said the dismissal of the public corruption charges had no influence on his client’s decision to plead guilty. He said he simply faced long odds at getting acquittals on all charges from both cases.
(In addition to Morgan, they make wine under the label Lee Family Farm, generally wines from grapes grown beyond their home base in Santa Lucia Highlands, in particular Ron Silva's Silvaspoons Vineyard at Galt.)
Today the line stretched down the block, and the bakery ferried out ices (at $3 a pop) to keep the sweating crowd happy.
The movie then focuses on the rescue mission as other penguin species are recruited and Mumble and Erik look to heal their fractured relationship.
Disinclined as we may be to pity the plight of those making more than $500,000 a year, the state Senate, in its attempt to raise more revenue from such top earners, has gone too far. The Senate has adopted a plan that appears to be unique among the 50 states and would violate a cardinal rule of income tax policy, which is that a dollar earned should not cost more than a dollar in taxes. When the House of Delegates takes up the budget, it will have some work to do to clean this mess up.
Kevin Pelton, Basketball Prospectus: At this point, the Blazers can't really count on Joel Pryzbilla for regular minutes. Przy could probably still successfully box out NBA players well until his 60s, and his veteran savvy makes him effective at the defensive floor, but he strikes little fear into the hearts of opposing defenses. Przybilla would still be very handy to have around as a third center and voice in the locker room. The problem is those exact same descriptions apply to Kurt Thomas, who is under contract for next season. I don't see room for both players on a 15-player roster that will add several newcomers. So Przybilla's future may depend on whether Portland can move Thomas.
Bob Droege - Hillsboro
The defense also offered more details of Manning's emotional duress, reading from a letter Manning sent to his supervisor. In the letter, Manning said he joined the Army to fight concerns he had about his masculinity and to chase off signs of gender identity disorder.
But both players are coming off season-ending injuries, and the Lions could be in the market for another running back. Quarterback Matthew Stafford on Monday discussed the importance of the run game to achieve offensive balance, and Mayhew also talked about the running back's importance.
Mike Dittoe, spokesman for House Speaker William Batchelder, said the two-primary idea is "one option on the table right now."
After an autopsy, the Los Angeles County Coroner's office listed the death as accidental. But on June 21, 2010, the chief medical examiner reclassified the death as a homicide. Rutland responded by sending a letter to a long list of people, including the U.S. Attorney General, California's two senators, various U.S. House members and even Oprah Winfrey, claiming that he's being persecuted because he's an abortion provider.
“I was nervous because we didn’t know what we were doing,” Jobe recalled in a phone interview.
Kasich, who defeated Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland in November and ran under a banner promising to lower taxes in Ohio, said Obama should be pleased with the agreement.
The true distinctive purple color only became visible after the truck was washed, said Mulhern, who found Kristopher Heine, 29, of Fredon guilty of failing to remove ice from the vehicle and fined him $750 for the motor vehicle offense following a three-day trial.
Canales' desire is for the Blazers to spread the floor and play a faster offensive tempo, a tactic designed to capitalize on what's left of the Blazers' gutted roster. Canales said the Blazers have had a hard time generating easy baskets as their season has imploded and lopsided losses have become the norm, and his hope is that an uptempo attack will create easy scoring opportunities.
At St. Mary's Episcopal, it helps that some of the hires already have strong ties to the school: Some went there as kids; some have sent their own children to St. Mary's.
"The governor is responsible for my being in this courthouse and continues to try to issue a death penalty to 20,000 patients that depend on this health care.
Bet Wisconsin-Green Bay (his only other college offer) wishes that Dahlman were playing for them. He’s averaging 16.8 points per game this year, but has scored double-digit points in 69 of his last 72 games. Now, that’s an iron man streak.
The big question now is, who has the better salsa moves — Madonna or Cruz?
Sushi geeks expecting a tranquil setting in which to meditate over stunninglyfresh raw fish and vinegared rice are in the wrong spot at Ginko, a modern and colorful eatery featuring the talented Taishi Noma, a tall, bespectacled chef with the bearing of a Zen master. To be sure, his fish and rice are worthy of contemplation -- if only the rock music blaring from the speakers would allow it. Instead, count on being lifted to a higher plane by righteously prepared maki and nigiri featuring, for example, fresh sweet scallops, lush toro, pink yellowtail and tender eel. Less traditional sushi dishes ("specialty sushi") are creations of chef-owner Dante Boccuzzi, who also owns Dante, the eatery above. I loved his offbeat Eye of the Tiger, a tasty cut-roll involving Japanese mayo, shiitake mushrooms and raw scallops. You might like foie gras with duck and freshwater eel on a thick pad of rice. Sushi geeks will appreciate the marvelously seasoned rice kernels that undergird fatty fish such as the tuna, particularly when served nigiri style (the best way to enjoy sushi, if not ordering omakase). Noma and his two assistants keep each piece in lovely balance. Bento boxes (offered during Friday-only lunch) are another way to get to know Ginko. Mine included a vegetable roll, crisp tempura vegetables and shrimp, and green salad with impeccably fresh raw salmon ($14.95). Mild miso soup is included in the price. Ask to sit in front of Noma, if possible, to watch a sushi master at work. -- David Farkas, Special to The Plain Dealer
Roasted duck breast is a house specialty; the smoke-tinged meat and crisp skin are incredibly flavorful. So are sides of moist spoon bread and maple-flavored chard. A wafer-thin slice of foie gras adds textural interest. Two desserts stand out. Creme brulee is exactly right -- thin sugar lid and creamy vanilla pudding.
He didn't flinch as prosecutors played a three-minute recording of a young woman's frantic phone call to police from Utoya.
The Beastie Boys would later take up their own instruments—a rarity in hip-hop—on the album "Check Your Head" and subsequent releases. Yauch played bass.
"If you take it to the next level, A, habitual usage is bad, and B, alcohol is legal but pot is illegal," Mayock said in a teleconference. "A certain number of positive tests will get a guy suspended. That's why there's still a concern about if it's habitual and a guy gets suspended, then obviously it's going to impact your evaluation of him."
You'd think so, but with "Sarah Palin: You Betcha!" director Nick Broomfield manages to screw it up.
Mix lives in a gated community where many oil and gas professionals live in spacious homes. He returned home shortly before 7 p.m., disappearing behind his closed garage door. His neighbors, Flint and Debbie Cooper, expressed disbelief after following the daylong television coverage of their friend's arrest.
How it works: This is popular in Beijing, but it's spreading. A friendly, lovely woman wants to practice English — or talk cultural differences — and invites you to tea. Instead of a casual cup you're greeted with an elaborate ceremony full of snacks and multiple tastings in a private room, and a bill of $200-$300.
Yesterday, the brown-and-white pit bull weighed 51 pounds and was happy and healthy, said Pat Scavelli, the administrator at the Garden State Veterinary Specialists in Tinton Falls.
"That first 20 points really helped us physcologically," said DeSanti, who earned The Denver Post's MVP award. "We just knew we had to keep putting it on them and eventually we were going to break."
But he did not control the race from start to finish, as runners to his immediate left and right led by a step by the halfway point. That's when Dudley said he experienced flashbacks and bad memories from last year's race.
EUGENE -- This rundown is coming to you LIVE from Oregon football practice on a lovely, sunshine-filled Saturday morning. The Ducks are in just helmets as they run through drills, and the media is clinging to their coffee cups trying to wake up.
Obama and Brown began their current terms in office looking quite similar, although the president was a veritable newbie in comparison to the four decades of political wars waged by California's two-time governor, who also has been secretary of state, attorney general and twice-elected mayor of Oakland.
But such complaints were a footnote by dessert — the cream-soaked tres leches topped with sheer rounds of kiwi; pastry chef Adrian Applebee’s dense flourless chocolate cake with bruleed bananas, and the brownie “Domingo” sundae drizzled with cajeta, churros ice cream and spiced caramel corn.
The joy the family shared was replaced by anguish Sunday. Jocelyn, her mother, Maria Nunez-Gonzalez, her aunt, two cousins and beloved grandparents were all killed when their van plummeted off an overpass.
Equipment really is much better than in the past. When Collins was a player, wearing the basketball shoes of the 1970s, he sometimes blew out the sides of his sneakers, his foot simply bursting through their canvas sides from the torque he generated on his sharp cuts. Often sidelined by stress fractures in his feet before the final knee injury, Collins probably was lucky to last as long as he did.
Community activists and critics who spoke out against the Sheriff's Office's treatment of Hispanics were themselves targeted for retaliation.
I’m not sure if she thought I was a member, a champion or a goofball. But the chicken biscuit, large soft drink and side order of Botato tots cost $5.34 … or a penny less than my prop, which seemed even tighter when I was done eating.
Fleming, 68, said in court documents that he resigned as superintendent in 2006 in exchange for the district agreeing to pay his future legal bills, which eventually totaled $445,668.
Several of its largest affiliates, including ACORN New York and ACORN California, broke away this year and changed their names in a bid to ditch the tarnished image of their parent organization and restore revenue that ran dry in the wake of the video scandal. They will continue to operate under their new names and aren't affected by ACORN's decision to shut down.
Initially eschewing racial activism — Brown was hardly a Jackie Robinson-style trailblazer — the musician became a racial lightning rod of sorts. He was accused, Smith compellingly writes, of being an Uncle Tom and a bigotry apologist with "America Is My Home." Then, confounding expectations, Brown turned around a short time later and released "Say It Loud — I'm Black and I'm Proud," a song that was widely read as a black power anthem and set the singer on a more ideological course.
In the hallway of her home are pictures of her with Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh and other stars of the day.
But with Tippett coaching the Phoenix Coyotes and Quenneville at the helm for the Hawks as the teams square off in the Western Conference quarterfinals, that camaraderie has been put on hold, though the affection for each other remains.
"Keeping it 1-0 is always stressful," Tejada added. "We can make a mistake and they have a breakaway and score. Getting that second goal is always a goal to putting a team away."
Lily Pond Lane and Ocean Avenue boast homes starting around $20 million give or take, but stay on the north side to view the coveted addresses; the south side is lined with modest homes for those who are simply rich.
Outside audits indicate that claim may be overblown.
Cash's first marriage ended in divorce in 1966. Two years later, he married June Carter Cash, who co-wrote "Ring of Fire" and became Cash's frequent musical collaborator. She died in May at 73, of complications from heart surgery.
TS#: 1007742479
Last month, AIDS United and more than a dozen other advocacy groups sent a letter to the FDA, urging approval of Truvada.
" . . . When she told me she could bench press 300 pounds."
Less common, but appearing in civil suits, are accusations that staff falsify consent forms to sedate patients, or backdate forged documents agreeing to settle disputes through arbitration.
Ghosn said Nissan plans to be the No. 1 Asian brand in China, Russia and India. "Overall, it is going to be a good year for the industry," he told reporters, while noting that the soaring yen was a serious worry.
The event is being held to review development options for the terminal and the nearby rail yards as well as discuss community issues related to the plan.
Ricker, one of the top talents in Portland, says he's taking more the role of restaurateur than chef. No doubt he has his hands full. His
The Spartans did it by running their big men as much as possible, to try to tire out OSU inside star Jared Sullinger in transition; by not doubling Sullinger but harassing him with the MSU guards swatting at him; by continuing to put pressure on the OSU perimeter players and not let Buckeyes like William Buford find a rhythm; and by gratefully accepting the missed open shots the Buckeyes also offered up.
That's why Green was all nerves before they arrived. "I don't want to lose that money for these kids," he said later.
The final day of the regular season is May 11. Playoff brackets will be available at ocvarsity.com on May 14. The playoffs begin with wild-card round games May 15, followed by first-round games May 17 in CIF-SS divisions 2, 4 and 6 and on May 18 in divisions 1, 3, 5 and 7.
3. Castro, SS
<U+200B>Adega Grill
At 7, Christa Mattessich is too young for the gruesome dystopian world that thrusts 16-year-old Katniss and her fellow child tributes into the arena for a battle to the death, a battle Katniss wins thanks to the archery skills she honed while hunting game in the woods of her native District 12.
As a kid, I remember going on short weekend trips to Kidron to see Paul and his wife. They always treated me like family and their two kids were like my siblings. They still are. I had just talked with Paul a few weeks before he passed.
The 9-foot-tall, 800-plus-pound instrument, thought to be the largest in the country, was built at a Barnesville machine shop by a Gordon College music instructor. It took him four months.
A local activist was videotaping cops in downtown Orlando. The cops didn't like it. And they ended up arresting the guy for interfering with their duties and "resisting arrest without violence."
In the same period, residential prices for heating oil grew from an inflation-adjusted $3.20 per gallon to $3.82 a gallon last month.
Within hours, U.S. Rep. Raul Grijalva, a Tucson Democrat, rescinded his call for boycotts and said it would be a good time to "pause and see what the next step is." He also offered to "lend a hand" to the tourism industry to get conventions to come to Arizona.
It spoke volumes to SLU's composure that it didn't fold amid the din, scoring eight consecutive points after Xavier tied the game. "We told our guys, they'll have a run, and when they have that run, we have to keep our composure and hit right back and we did," Mitchell said.
"When I saw those salary ranges, I almost fell out of my chair," Councilwoman Saunteel Jenkins said Tuesday as the council and Mayor Dave Bing's staff discussed pay levels for the two positions.
It's already happening. This page would like to think that, in the past year, we helped prod Ohio voters to renew the Third Frontier, we helped change the local discourse on immigration and helped bring common-sense leadership to the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority. Each of those shared accomplishments was made possible by the clarity of vision and urgency that arise from need.
<U+0093>Someone is coming and they just send them into you,<U+0094> he said. <U+0093>But this time I preempted it, so I stopped, let him go, and then hits my tire, so that screws that part (and) makes a massively long stop.<U+0094>
"Things are mostly okay," Lamott writes at one point. Nonetheless, she decides in her always wise way, "If I were God's West Coast rep, I'd come up with something easier, whose outcome you could bank on."
For the Olympic movement itself, the events of Sept. 5, 1972, were a jarring reminder that, despite the dreams of its founders, international sport cannot be separated from global politics.
Other districts already exempted from the law are Columbia, Lee's Summit and Springfield.
"We are committed to growing in this area," said Paz, of Express Scripts, in his December announcement of the pharmacy benefit manager's plans for a fourth building on its campus in north St. Louis County.
Although some residents questioned the speed of the adoption of the resolution, the goal was to make a decision and to take the next steps, according to Miller.
"They may be the loudest, but we know they also represent a tiny minority of Catholics," O’Brien said.
One of them. (laughs)
She left instructions that she be cremated, and that half of her ashes be scattered from Navy Pier "when the wind is blowing from the West," and the remainder scattered in the giraffe corral at the Living Desert Zoo in Palm Desert.
One of the three remaining touring motor dromes in the U.S. will stop in Gladstone this weekend (and, yes, Cookie Crum will be there).
For its part, the Islamic Republic has thrown its weight behind the Syrian despot. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had initially appeared unwilling to help Assad to the bitter end, making noises about “the right of the Syrian people to decide,” but it now seems that Ahmadinejad was overruled by “Supreme Guide” Ali Khamenei.
Tataki, 2815 California St. (near Divisadero Street); (415) 931-1182. tatakisushibar.com. Lunch weekdays, dinner nightly.
Nuclear plants have shown they can be safely operated for more than 60 years, Kerekes noted.
Termini stations and locations near the Colosseum, Pantheon and Rome's many churches.
Ark City will be Belle Plaine’s opponent after thumping the host Roadrunners 58-25. David Boxman had 20 points to lead all scorers. The Bulldogs had 11 different players score in the game.
"He really owns his own name," said Kwiatkowski, one of Centrowitz's close friends. "He takes nothing for granted about his dad. But he really makes the stuff he has in the sport of running his own."
Her camera, something along the lines of a primitive Kodak Instamatic, was strictly of the point-and-shoot variety.
Critics argue the system created a system of haves and have-nots that favors bigger boats, freezing out fishermen who didn't meet the criteria for permits. Bettencourt remains one of a handful of Pillar Point fishermen who trawl for groundfish, even after selling two of his permits to the Nature Conservancy, which has been buying up the valuable licenses as part of a campaign to cut down on the practice of fishing with drag nets.
So the interests best served by Cassidy's proposal are those of his firefighters, for sure, but all New Yorkers, too.
The NCAA meet will mark the final home appearances as UO athletes for seniors such as Keshia Baker, who has the nation's top college time in the 400 meters, and Nicole Blood, who will be attempting a 5,000/10,000 double. They sparked the renaissance.
Here comes the hard part: picking a bar to hang out in late in the afternoon or early evening before you get your night going. On the west end, try the patio at New World Brewery and enjoy a wide selection of import beers on tap. Across the street is Fume Bella, which attracts locals to its intimate space. On the easternmost end, you'll find an excellent hangout called The Dirty Shame. With its massive exposed brick wall and wooden ceiling beams, it reminded us of Molly's on Toulouse in Nola, a spot where locals meet up but where visitors can fit right in. In the heart of Seventh, you can hopscotch among several party spots whose open doors draw you in: Double Decker, Elmer's Sports Café, Gaspar's Grotto (which has a patio), Coyote Ugly, Full Moon Saloon, the Rare Olive, Boneyard and Green Iguana (outside food service). Many of these serve some pretty good pub grub, and virtually all offer live music later in the evening, so don't forget to check out some great local bands.
"Traditionally," Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy said from the floor Tuesday, a lopsided committee vote would mean "a vote on the Senate floor almost the first day after he was reported" from the committee.
A girl in a dress takes a father's breath away. He turns from the television when his daughter walks into the room and is struck by how quickly the years have slipped away, gone in a heartbeat when he wasn't paying attention to all the changes.
Karzai had demanded to take over the U.S.-run detention facility after U.S. guards burned bags of Muslim holy books in what the Pentagon later described as an accident. That sparked riots that left at least 30 Afghans dead, and the killing of six U.S. service members by Afghan troops.
- In the gritty, working class Algiers suburb of Harrache, activists sporting the green baseball caps of the Islamist "Green" alliance hand out election leaflets outside their party headquarters, urging people to vote.
Nicasio doesn't walk anyone, so if his slider develops he will reach 180 innings and reach double figures in victories. Pomeranz could win NL rookie of the year honors, even with the club determined to cap him at 170 innings. Pomeranz knows the skepticism surrounding the rotation, and he relishes proving people wrong. An interesting wager: Will Pomeranz win more games than Jimenez this season?
"I know for all of us that since this was something she was so passionate about, we want to represent her and celebrate her and represent this movie in the best way we possibly can," she says.
—and a surge in parents withdrawing funds, experts say. States have responded by turning up the heat on their plans' investment managers and asking them to make big changes.
"They're solid," said Matheny, who recently picked up the 300th win of her career. "They average 6-2 on the floor. They're strong, they're athletic and quick. They've got size and they've got speed."
The Basketball Hall of Fame is open 10:00 to 4:00 Sun-Fri, and 10:00 to 5:00 on Saturday. The museum will be closed on Sunday, Oct. 23. Cost of admission is $16.99 for adults, $13.99 for seniors, and $11.99 for kids. Children under four are free. For more information, visit hoophall.com.
Yawger, who said there wasn't enough evidence in 2004 to charge anyone in Koschman's death, said he was surprised to hear that the original files had been missing.
Barret Jackman has a scrap with Ryan Garbutt. Good tussle, Jackman gets the better of it. Sctill scoreless with 14:30 to play.
The billboard isn't the most popular tagging target in Minneapolis, but it's on the "higher end," Young said. "He doesn't do a lot to restrict access," she said.
Warwick Communications Inc.: Scott Mason has joined the Cleveland firm as a senior technology consultant.
“Students around the country,” Duncan said, “can have this kind of success.”
Ray Ratto: "Sharks first power plays begins with a three-way reluctance to shoot the puck. Very good for PK stats"
Hey, Aaron: All the experts say that Aaron Curry is the safest pick of the draft. So safe that he may be taken first, third or fourth. No way would I use the No. 5 pick on a running back or wide receiver.
Spain's two largest unions organized the strike in response to labor reforms approved by lawmakers this month. Backers say the sweeping changes are needed to modernize an antiquated labor system in which older, tenured workers have jobs for life and younger people are left struggling to get a foot on the employment ladder.
College: Southern Illinois University - Edwardsville (dental medicine)
Ohio St. (27-7) vs. Loyola (Md.) (24-8), 7:50 p.m.
Has nothing to do with that!
-- H.J.
Squat: 570
After saying earlier that his 16th season would be his last, he has hedged his bets lately. <U+0093>Who knows?<U+0094> he told the Free Press recently. <U+0093>Everything<U+0092>s open.<U+0094>
Why 14 Hands? It seems a horse's height is measured in "hands" just as a person's is in "feet." In ancient times traders measured a horse by stacking fists up to its withers, the area just behind its neck. A "hand" is about four inches.
Water expands in volume by about 10 percent when it freezes into ice, Zeng said. That's the 10 percent that can rupture a water line.
A third man barely escaped with his life after he told authorities he drove through the smoke and flames.
"The Shakers were a very creative group of people, and there are like a thousand songs. They're very poignant. They're also a little quirky, because the words came first. So the melodies are very declamatory, following the words. It makes for very interesting, fun music."
By Michael Birnbaum
The woman, who asked not to be identified because she works in the medical field, said a plastic surgeon repaired damage from the initial procedure and treated a post-surgical infection. She reached a confidential settlement with Carney, said John Dornik, her attorney.
You're already up walking Bosco, so why not take him to the patio of this cafe, where you can get all-day breakfast, including waffles with fresh blueberries or strawberries ($6.99) and add hash browns ($2.99).
Tom Gose couldn't be disappointed with the results.
Climatic and musical diversity reigned over the weekend, when orchestra and listeners endured humid conditions Saturday for a program of classical favorites and let the sunshine in Sunday during a potpourri of recent Broadway tunes. Like the weather, the performances varied widely, though the orchestra remained an elegant constant.
INDIANAPOLIS - Indianapolis police say a 4-year-old boy who apparently suffered multiple stab wounds has died and his 14-year-old cousin was being questioned by detectives.
Interim Superintendent Vincent Tarantino did not previously work a three-day-a-week schedule, as the letter indicated, in stating that a salary increase for Tarantino was justified by an increase to five days of work. The erroneous information was acknowledged by Murschell and Tarantino at the board’s April 23 reorganization meeting.
øEvans: I dream about failing at it. Oh, God, that it doesn't work out. It's more nightmares. Of course I have them.
Easy on the ears. Power tools are noisy, and too much blasting from a loud motor isn't healthy at any age. Give some high-quality headphones that will block noise and protect hearing in loud workshops and when power tools are in use. Save some green by choosing a speakerless set -- not designed for listening to music; they only block sound. Example: Direct Sound HP-25 speakerless headphones sell for around $40. And look for built-in sound control in the tools you select. Example: The engine, fan housing and exhaust tube on Husqvarna's 356B T backpack blower for large yards is insulated to dampen noise, which is good for the operator and for the neighbors.
While other players got all the headlines the Mavericks wouldn’t have reached the CHSAA Class AA state final without the hard-nosed forward. The undersized Robertson shut down and outrebounded bigger girls all season.
Sudden, violent outbursts
But Zach Randolph and Marc Gasol dominated last postseason, taking control of the paint. In this series, the Clippers have been so physical that Gasol has had few, if any, points, late in games while Randolph often finds himself taking shots from outside late. Gasol averaged a double-double last postseason, but the All-Star center has had only one this series.
The Supreme Court's iconic front will soon be covered with scaffolding, as workers begin almost two years' worth of repair to an area where some of the building's marble fell a few years ago.
The National Association of Broadcasters, a lobbying group that represents television stations, criticized the vote.
Innovation persists in good economic times and bad — and for some entrepreneurs that may mean using a coffeehouse with free Wi-Fi as an office. The quest to create new businesses with low-cost and no-cost help in a grim economy has spawned a cottage industry. It includes the Founder Institute, an unorthodox startup incubator; StartupHire.com, a search engine for jobs in venture-backed startups; and Jobnob, which stages events to introduce job-seekers to startups.
"We were one unit, and we had a great chemistry," says Bennett, the sole surviving member of the Famous Flames, via phone from his home in Maryland. "Each of us did specific things on each song, and James Brown did his thing as a member of a band."
CVS Caremark Corp. gained millions of new prescriptions in the first quarter due to a contract impasse between two rivals. First-quarter earnings climbed 9 percent to $776 million, or 59 cents per share, compared with $713 million, or 52 cents, a year ago. Revenue rose 20 percent to $30.8 billion. The end of a contract between Walgreen Co. and Express Scripts Inc. prompted Walgreens customers to migrate to CVS. Walgreen, the nation's largest drugstore chain, stopped filling prescriptions for Express Scripts, the biggest pharmacy benefits manager, at the end of 2011, when a contract between the two companies ran out.
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: Givers Gain Chapter, 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. May 11, Bellabrations Banquet Center, 235 Jungermann Road, suite 101, St. Peters. For more information, call Laura Bieker at 314-704-4183.
Jorge Fabregas hit a high change-up for a two-run single and a 2-0 Angel lead in the second. The Indians replied with six runs in the bottom of the inning - the big hit being a three-run homer by Kevin Mitchell - against Gubicza and Shigetoshi Hasegawa. After that, the game belonged to Ogea.
Under Spanish law, consumption in private of cannabis in small amounts is allowed. Growing it for sale, or advertising it or selling it are illegal.
There has been some speculation locally that Vin Lananna -- Oregon's director of track and field and prime mover behind the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Trials -- would be a good fit.
For awhile there, missed tackles and sloppy defense were costing Howard points and wins. But the Lions really got their show together down the stretch, holding high powered Reservoir and Hammond to only 13 combined points in the last two weeks, to get into the postseason. They're certainly the underdog against River Hill, but I've learned not to count the Lions out.
Just what this would mean for its Madison operation is unknown.
From now until July 31 you can still order two $40 coupons from the federal government to offset the price of buying one. But, you won't get them in the mail for at least a week. To order a coupon call 888-225-5322, or visit dtv2009.gov.
"Some people do get a measure of closure and solace from some form of restitution or justice," Gordin said. "For other people, that's not it."
Born and raised in Orlando, Muroski joined the military immediately after graduating from Orlando High School in 1945. He served in the Merchant Marine and later enlisted in theU.S. Army, said daughter Karen Roan of Orlando.
Most accommodations, he insisted, are courtesies routinely extended to victims having to endure the grim ordeal of sitting through a murder trial. Others, he conceded, are necessary because Hudson <U+0097> a 2004 "American Idol" finalist and 2007 Oscar winner for her role in "Dreamgirls" <U+0097> is a celebrity.
The local pioneer of the pleasure principle is the Moolah in midtown, where you can choose from couches, love seats or even discrete balcony seating. There's a full bar, and the "mini-Moolah" in the lobby hosts free video festivals, including recent tributes to Charlie Sheen and Nicolas Cage.
Kiffin said Vehikite was still attending classes and his status in the football program would be evaluated at a later time.
Sure enough, though, there it was, only two weeks after my leak had been "fixed." There was so much water on the floor on the front passenger side, I swear I saw little bugs sitting on tiny pool chairs around the perimeter, sipping from umbrella drinks.
Then, check the expiration dates on all medicine labels and remove all expired drugs.
Unhappy with what was available at local stores in the South American country, Wilson decided to make her chocolate straight from the cocoa bean. After all, Ecuador had plenty of cocoa trees.
The IPO market finally seemed to be rekindled. Many in the startup community were predicting the number and value of initial public offerings would eclipse the totals from 2010. Now that seems like a distant dream.
Among those matching AirTran's sale were Delta, American, United, Continental and US Airways.
Not that it works, of course, since now you're upset at both the infraction and the ensuing dishonesty.
Christie said his office is meeting with potential candidates and that Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester) assured him Harris would get his hearing by early next month.
The Conference Board said Tuesday its Consumer Confidence Index rose to 52.5 in March, recovering about half of the nearly 11 points it lost in February. Analysts expected a reading of 50 for March, but the index is still far below the 90 reading that's considered healthy.
Yet the two ships share a common trait: elegance. If Cunard can't yet replicate the graciousness of the 1930s in this age of inelegance, those who sail its ships - myself included - hope it keeps trying.
Robinson was prophetic. Except for baby-sitting troubled Yankees pitcher Pascual Perez in 1990, Ellis had little contact with Major League Baseball after retiring.
Murray said the top issues in her race are keeping the city's budget balanced while preserving the current level of services; attracting new tenants for empty retail and office spaces; and continuing the city's involvement in the Great Streets initiative, "championing this long-range vision for a revitalized, redeveloped Manchester Road corridor."
City Manager Jim Sandoval said Leeper's program has made a difference in Chula Vista and throughout the country.
Three players from Oklahoma State, which will play Stanford in the Fiesta Bowl on Jan. 2, also made the coaches' All-America team: wide receiver Justin Blackmon, offensive lineman Levy Adcock and defensive back Markelle Martin.
Huntsman, the former Utah governor, is struggling in the polls. But he's talking tough in a speech Thursday at the National Press Club.
* sketch videos "with zero laughs";
"Understand" is a convincing trip into the mind of an untrammeled genius; it's also the funniest story in the book. Leon's old friends ask if he wants to see a movie, but his preference is for a spot of rarefied theater, a "monologue in verse" that "alternates between four different meters." Later, he tries his hand at his own brand of supersaturated poetry, "employing six modern and four ancient languages……Each line of the poem contains neologisms, born by extruding words through the declensions of another language." And then it comes time for him to develop an entirely "new language," as all the human ones are too paltry to serve as viable forms of expression. The description of awesome mental superiority veers tantalizingly close to a portrait of insanity:
In romance news, Maggie and Glenn's on-again, off-again relationship seems to be on again. Their booty call in this episode was spoiled when Glenn found a gaggle of zombies hanging out in the barn, foiling his plans to "do it in a hayloft."
I don't believe a starting pitcher should win the MVP, but concerning the Cy Young try this on for size: Verlander went 18-9 with a 3.37 ERA last year and received one fifth-place vote in the balloting as the new-age stat heads flocked to the throne of Felix "The King" Hernandez and his 13-12 record. The year before Verlander went 19-9 with a 3.45 ERA and finished third to Zack Greinke, another stat-induced winner with a 16-8 record.
Any time is tiki time on the funky backyard patio of this Tremont hipster pub. With its shabby-chic retro tiki decor -- think your grandparents' backyard, circa 1958 -- it's a supercool spot to sit back with a G&T or Great Lakes draft and a one of Prosperity's spins on comfort classics (pita nachos to bratwurst sandwiches, pierogi to catfish tacos). Did I mention the great jukebox, too?
Manager Bobby Valentine didn't give a timetable for Ellsbury's return.
"When you look at that book," said Kroenke, "those guys all work so well together. That's what I'm into. I like guys who work the way it's described in that book. Belichick is clearly The Guy, but there's no one afraid to challenge (his) viewpoint. They have a culture where there isn't a lot of ego. They try to come to the best solutions all the time. In the sports world, there tends to be a lot of ego."
State eco. development agencies .6 million
it was written.
His second in a series of three reports, “How to Fix a Broken Border: Disrupting Smuggling at Its Source,” was released days ago. In almost every paragraph you can read Goddard’s exasperation with our wrongheaded border policy.
Other intelligence information gathered at the compound represented a terrorist wish list but has revealed no specific plan so far, a U.S. official said. He said documents indicated a desire to hit the U.S. with large-scale attacks in major cities and on key dates such as anniversaries and holidays. But there was no sign those plans were anything more than ambitions.
In its lawsuit filed last week, HMSHost — which has operated the two Maryland travel plazas since 1987 — accused Areas of cooking its numbers so it could offer the state higher rent payments "based on an unachievable sales forecast."
Chelsea said her brother had been easy-going. They were close growing up, she said, and she stayed in touch with her brother and with Lauren Zwilling.
Pediatric surgeons typically treat the condition with a series of operations called the Fontan procedure, designed to enable the heart to function without the missing ventricle. The last operation involves implanting a synthetic blood vessel made of Gore-Tex to reroute blood from the lower extremities directly to the lungs instead of through the heart. The device works, but it is prone to clotting, infection and in some cases, the need for additional surgery later in life as the child grows. The idea behind Dr. Breuer's project is that a natural conduit with the biology of a normal blood vessel would grow with the child and avoid or significantly reduce complications associated with a synthetic tube.
Hours: 11-2:30 a.m. seven days. Kitchen open 11 a.m.-11 p.m. Sunday through Thursday; 11 a.m.-10 p.m. Friday and Saturday.
5. Going down hills at high speed: You'd think this would be another no-brainer. High-speed descending is part of pro cycling. Often, they top 55 mph on winding mountain roads. The pros also ride on a closed course. Many amateur cyclists are injured or killed while descending at high speed. Even in the first week of the Tour de France, there was a high-speed pile-up on a twisting downhill section that led to several serious injuries.
12030 Madrid Av, $17,000
Acreage under DNR control now amounts to about 12% of the Michigan's total land mass, with more than three-quarters of it accounted for by state forests; another 8% is under local or federal control, most of it presumably in the national forests. That's according to a recent analysis by the House Fiscal Agency.
Reporters asked Obama spokesman Jay Carney who she was, and at first he drew a blank.
Just this past October, on-the-job injury took a minor toll when Joseph Graves hurt himself amid his physically demonstrative solo performance of “An Iliad.” In that instance, things at first appeared worse than they were. The performance was stopped mid-way through and Graves was taken to a hospital. But when it was determined he’d merely tweaked a calf muscle, he was able to perform the rest of the run wearing a brace.
No matter how many people asked for his autograph.
Then, sparked again by Nelson, the Beavers went on an 8-0 run. After Kevin McShane slammed home Oregon State’s final points of the half, the Beavers took a 34-32 lead into the locker room, having outscored the Bears 30-16.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but a shadowy militant group calling itself the Al-Nusra Front has claimed past attacks through statements on militant websites. Little is known about the group, although Western intelligence officials say it could be a front for al-Qaida's Iraq branch.
MetroHealth spokeswoman Phyllis Marino said the expiration went unnoticed at the county's taxpayer-subsidized hospital because the agreement predated those in management.
Several media outlets identified the surfer as Jacob Trette, 30, of Orange County. His hometown was variously given as Laguna Beach and San Clemente.
His longtime friend Royal Harris said Ingram connected with youth because he listened to them, and was a big kid himself. "As a black man, he understood part of what it takes to raising kids is giving them a voice to be heard."
Having online bill payment builds loyalty, Cummings said. Once a person has created an online bank account with all of the information to pay his mortgage, car payment, credit cards, utilities, doctors and everything else in just a couple of minutes, "it would make it inconvenient to switch banks."
"He was my leader," Castroneves said, wistfully.
White loved to mingle and tease. With a reporter in tow, he called out two wisecracks in 1998 to the crowd on a hospital elevator. He said there were so many women on board, "they want to redecorate the elevator." Then he asked, "You did push six, the only good floor?" The floor was his, of course.
Cooper estimated that over three years the $2.79 million grant would enable it to train 14 health-care workers and reach an additional 1,200 patients.
The technology reaches beyond the personalization familiar on sites like Amazon.com, which uses its own in-house data on its customers to show them new items they might like.
One can hope for justice, but what is hope compared to money? Mumbai's lifeblood is corruption: doctors demand bribes to provide care, attorneys to get your case heard. Allocated resources rarely wind up where they are supposed to (think about that the next time you donate to an NGO) and, unable to surmount what feels like forever hopelessness, teenagers commit suicide by eating rat poison. But there is also dazzle, the discos and roses and banquets of the hotels, a veritable Oz to Annawadi youth who score jobs there. Too, there is tenderness and expectation: Manju, daughter of Asha and her mother's moral opposite, "hungered for virtue," and Sunil, who unlike Abdul, does not want always to scavenge, because "I don't like myself, doing this work. It's like being an insult."
HiChem's founder and former owner Ivan Moldovan and other members of its management team will remain with the company, which will join RPM's Rust-Oleum Group.
Beitashour, a Leland High-San Jose alum, has started at right fullback for much of the past two years. Morrow, who played at Notre Dame, has become a starter after playing sparingly in his first two seasons.
What can you accomplish with two Slinkys, two metal colanders and a bit of acting?
"There's just not access to healthy choices," said Cheryl Kelly, a public health professor at St. Louis University, speaking about food deserts in general. "In some cases there are grocery stores, but there aren't always healthy options, and, on the flip side, there are lots of fast food restaurants."
Several Latino leaders said it is significant that so many business groups participated with a united voice on Arizona's immigration issues.
Several hundred Cuban Catholics, including prominent activist Guillermo Fariñas, survivor of a protest hunger strike, wrote a letter to the pope this month urging him to reconsider the trip. They warned that his presence might "send a message to the oppressors" that they can pursue their policies, with church approval.
1Morgan Bay Resort, St. Lucia. For a holiday that includes spectacular reefs, a lush rainforest and the world's only drive-in volcanic crater, visit this tropical gem where steep coastlines give way to a turquoise seascape. The all-inclusive, beachfront Morgan Bay Resort is offering a St. Lucia Dream Deal. Expect water sports, including water skiing, sailing, snorkeling and jet boating as well as tennis, entertainment and comprehensive kids and teen club activities. Meals and drinks are included in the per person price of $119 per adult and $50 for children per night. Ask about other promotions that include airfare credits of up to $1,000. Book before May 30 for stays through the end of the year.
Pedone, who reconnected with the son she surrendered at 16, says she knows where she stands.
16. New York Jets
NOViCAST
The people there determined that he was a 10-week-old Australian shepherd with a condition known as homozygous merle. He was deaf and blind.
Expys is a program that recognizes the best experimental learning programs in Northeast Ohio through collaborations with area colleges, institutions and businesses.
David Whiting has climbed the highest mountains in Africa and North and South America. His outdoor column appears in Life-Outdoors Tuesdays.
Park Avenue Coffee
Also, SI says a source told the magazine that four players traded memorabilia for marijuana.
"I'm outraged at the fact that someone trying to make a living — and farming is hard enough as it is — needs to go through all this litigation just to prove she's a farm," she said.
Bachmann said she does not believe her embrace of Iowa politics separated her from her district. "What people are really grateful for is the advocacy I brought to that campaign, and the knowledge I brought," she said. She argued that she drove Mitt Romney, now the frontrunner, toward calling for full repeal of Obama's federal health care reform.
Contact the writer: Like to tell us something about your life? Send a few details and a daytime phone number in an e-mail with the subject heading "Tell Me About It" to Theresa Walker at twalker@ocregister.com. Questions or comments on this article can be e-mailed or call 714-796-7793.
In Portugal they greet with Feliz Natal
Bowden says that she and a group of other unhappy customers plan to file a class-action lawsuit against HomeAway.
Robbie's love interest Julia (Alexa Vellanoweth) is graceful and sweet as a waitress engaged to a wealthy Wall Street hotshot. In "Awesome" and "Come Out of the Dumpster," Vellanoweth's dulcet tones stand out while still blending with Dallal as they present a natural chemistry and leave the audience wanting more with their developing relationship.
ODOT crews took the sign down for violating state rules, because word never reached them to leave it alone. Hamilton said that ODOT still plans to put it back up. However, the timeframe is ambiguous because the state, county and possibly Milwaukie need to participate in the discussion.
The North Warren Regional Board of Education proudly recognized a former board member and numerous students for their achievements at their recent monthly board meeting.
"I don't believe in any of that," Raymond Felton loudly exclaimed. "And as a grown man, I certainly ain't sleeping on nobody's floor."
Harrison Township Day will tale place at Ella Harris Park, behind the municipal building at 114 Bridgeton Pike, Mullica Hill.
1 1/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth
Pujols talked briefly with the media this morning about the growth of the event, the support of the fans and the place that the tournament has carved in the calendar.
Last year, he was criminally charged with official misconduct for allegedly tipping off a drug dealer to an investigation.
"The leadership of this city can no longer sit on these recommendations," said Cheryl Parisi, chairwoman of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees District Council 36, who also serves on the panel.
I regret how the hating of trivial things expanded substantially and spilled over into the hating of people.
Officials at Crescent City Harbor, which also suffered significant wave damage, are still working on a damage total.
Moments after she leaves the water station to check on the nearly empty farm station, children surround her. She wanders to the building blocks area, and it, too, is soon swarming.
Tynes, the future GM, was not impressed.
"Often, Music Monthly was the first publication area artists received publicity from, and she took pride in playing a part in the success of such artists as Good Charlotte, Mary Chapin Carpenter, Tori Amos and countless others," she said.
"Whenever you have someone with the names Miles Davis and Katherine Dunham, you want anything connected to them to be in tiptop physical condition and in a way we could be proud of them," Parks said. "You also have to look with your priorities that you can do all you can do with what you have."
The Cimino Family
"The Internal Revenue Code is about 10 times the size of the Bible -- and unlike the Bible, contains no good news."
While their husbands baby-sat their kids, we ordered Domino's and opened a couple of bottles of wine.
"He was sick and also had grown crotchety in his old age. And when they get like that, they can be dangerous to other animals and visitors," Swanick said.
Grayson and Eckhard agree that weekends present a special challenge for people who work through the night.
Basically, each prison will get its own cell tower, which prison officials will be able to control. They'll make a list of approved phones that can send and receive signals, and all others will be rendered useless. Installing the systems at all 33 California prisons could cost between $16.5 million and $33 million, Cate estimated last year.
Gary Bain told police that his wife and daughters were asleep when he went to bed at midnight and were gone when he awoke the next day. He figured the girls went to school and Jo Ann had gone somewhere, too. But she didn't answer her cell phone that day, April 27, and the girls never got off the school bus that afternoon.
Improved but not without jolts, the road's surface shook the Trekker and set off the retractor mechanism of my seat belt that locked me into place. I was not going anywhere. Shaken but not stirred, I knew it could be — apparently, has been — worse. "Before they graded the road, it was so bumpy because of the washboard that one of the windows broke," Chapman says.
It's all about "mitzvah," said Bea Abrams Cohen as she sought to explain one possible secret to her longevity. The meanings of the Hebrew word include an act of human kindness or a good deed. That's what Cohen, age 102, has spent a lifetime doing.
Prince has done plenty of other things on offense this season for the Eagles.
With Aldi stores on the Paseo, Independence Avenue and at the intersection of Troost and Meyer, the site makes strategic sense for the chain. Also, because the discount chain's stores are smaller than the typical supermarket, Aldi is a better fit for the smaller lots that dot the urban landscape.
Morton, who was born in Atlanta, has nationality options available to him. His mother was born in Nigeria, and he competed for that country in the 2009 world championships, finishing eighth at the end of his freshman year. He said he's undecided whether to settle for the certainty of representing Nigeria in London this summer or taking on the much more difficult task of trying to make the U.S. team.
Size matters. You'll need to know the height and width of the space the bookcase will go into, making allowances for locations near radiators, heating vents, doors and windows, and under wall lighting. Some bookcases are designed to fit over baseboard trim. If the bookcase you want is taller than four shelves, you might need to have it right up against the wall for support, so how it fits is important.
Family friend Bruce Brasher testified to a call he received from James Martin. During the call, "He told me that he was sitting at the breakfast table and that he had two loaded guns," Brasher testified, adding that he was concerned James Martin planned to kill himself.
But the very best way to improve your son's asthma control is to help him make his own wake-up messages that he programs into his cell phone. (Encourage kids 15 and younger to program their iPod; cell phones aren't great for the developing brain.) Your son can record the reminders, mix in music, set the alarm to deliver them and presto change-o!, you've got a kid who's tuned in to his own asthma control. When kids control the timing and content of their own reminders, they feel independent — and that lets you relax. The ADEPT study that looked at the benefits of using technology to increase teens' use of their asthma medicine found peer support and musical cues increase adherence to the asthma control routine from 40 percent to 70 percent — not perfect, but a whole lot better.
TONOPAH, Ariz. — An Illinois couple who spent a dozen years on the run after fleeing a conviction for running a Ponzi scheme has been captured in a small community west of Phoenix, the U.S. Marshals Service said Sunday.
General Motors<U+0092> board has approved a quarterly dividend on its preferred stock, the company said today in a news release.
At age 17, Michael Chang was the youngest-ever male to capture a Grand Slam singles title when he won the French Open in 1989.
A source close to the 36-25-34 Upton says the blond bombshell was perplexed by YouTube's decision to pull the clip because her bouncy boogieing in a red string bikini supposedly violated the website's rules on nudity and sexual content.
After the exam, the festival continued with rock singers, belly dancers, men in drag, hip-hoppers and impromptu dancing on the grass before the women lined up behind their fabled dykes-on-bikes motorcycle cortege for the grand nocturnal march.
So will lightning strike twice?
But the more he tasted it, the more he realized that "it didn't have the legs to stand on its own." Then he began to add some of this and a little of that until he got a wine so forthright and balanced it could carry such a poetic name.
That means even more work, which White doesn't mind.
That would at least be a tacit acknowledgment that in accepting greater responsibilities, they also expose themselves to greater risks than ordinary Americans.
Was it one of them? What about the telegraph room operator who didn't read the iceberg warnings, or the crew member in the crow's nest on lookout that fateful night?
If so, you got played for a fool.
For the past six months, Aparicio has been living with his parents in their farming town of 150 people.
The operation, run by the ATF's Phoenix field office, allowed illegal gun purchases in Arizona in hopes of tracking the weapons to Mexican drug cartel leaders. Instead, about 1,700 guns vanished, and scores turned up at crime scenes in Mexico. Two were found south of Tucson where U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was shot to death in December 2010.
"Right now they have me working out and throwing bullpens," he said. "I signed pretty late, so I'm going to get my work in here and then see what happens in the future with the Instructional League, spring training, etc. Then the plan is for me to keep getting better and move up in the system just like everyone else. I'll keep working hard, and hopefully things will fall into place."
Kimberly Rivers, 35, of St. Louis, was also ordered to pay restitution of $758,317 to her employer, DAS Acquisition Co., a mortgage lending company with offices throughout St. Louis County.
Arguably, the party hasn’t stopped for more than a year. Lady Gaga has rewritten the rules of pop star engagement, touring the Monster Ball, in one form or another, almost continuously since November 2009. She seems completely unafraid of overexposure. The Monster Ball has taken her across America and around the world. The Muellers, a family of four from Hamburg, caught the show in Oberhausen, Germany almost a year ago. They’d traveled to New York City to celebrate the Easter weekend with relatives, and their flight arrived early enough to allow them to see Lady Gaga at Prudential Center.
According to organizers, more than 232,620 new cases in the United States including 7,360 in New Jersey of invasive breast cancer will be diagnosed this year, and more than 40,000 will die from the disease including 1,260 in New Jersey.
Tucker handed Young the bat and gave him a direction: Keep his mother quiet, according to the affidavit.
Why else go to Gaylord in the fall to golf? Residents say the weather is about one month ahead of that in Cleveland. That's not encouraging. But that translates into uncrowded courses after Labor Day, and the weather in September and first half of October often remains comfortable.
Nobody's advocating for cheap play. No place for that. Just a little coaxing for the Blazers to stop being so darned polite and passive.
Police were called to the park on Wayne Street between Barrow Street and Jersey Avenue at 9:57 p.m. on the report of a large, disorderly group and after dispersing the group of up to 30 people, police noticed the 15-year-old girl standing at the corner of the park with a bloody nose, swollen lip and bloody ear, reports said.
Next to the hotel was a working blacksmith shop that dates from 1750 — operated, like the visitor center and tours, by the Historic Bethlehem Partnership — where a smithy toiled among the embers in the gloom of failing daylight.
The Business Roundtable said Wednesday that about one-third of its member CEOs expect to add employees and spend more on large equipment in the next six months. That's little changed from three months ago. More than 40 percent plan to keep their work forces steady. About a quarter expect to cut jobs.
Goals — C. Castro, M. Castro, Vargas. Assists — Rivera 2, Vargas.
The Missouri Department of Transportation made the announcement at a 9:30 a.m. news conference to announce the reopening of the stretch of highway between Kingshighway and I-170.
Wilson said she met Kiley at a singles gathering in Bloomington. They dated for about two years, but Wilson said she grew tired of his carousing. "He was a raging alcoholic," she said.
Another exit from the basement to the backyard was barricaded with plywood and cinderblocks, but Von-Der Linden pointed out two other exits leading outside that were accessible to his mother.
There was no immediate response to a message left for Peter Madoff's attorney.
Nearly all of them also have avid college football followings, something the USFL hopes to draw from. Cuadra said regional draft picks would be used so that, say, a player who attended Oregon or Oregon State would wind up with a Portland franchise.
On Saturday, May 5, Antietam will perform at Maxwell’s for the umpteenth time in its long career along with Wild Carnation, whose lead singer Brenda Sauter owns a piece of Hoboken pop history herself in her “other band,” as bassist of the Feelies since the early Eighties.
Last week, as some of you helpfully noted, Tipoff referred to Common Pleas Court as Common Please Court. Puh-lease!
People need to feel like they're doing something to stay healthy. I have a plan. Surely, that's worth something.
Contemporary steakhouse offering USDA Prime cuts of beef, including a fine Delmonico. Nonbeef gourmet dishes and seafood are also available, including sushi roll. Impressive wine list boasts food-friendly varietals; bar service features creative cocktails.
The year 2012 has been one of the toughest for the Salem County freeholders in drawing up a balanced budget. Revenues and ratables are historically low and expenditures are on a meteoric rise.
Then there are the high salaries.
Night vision: Warrensville Center Road brightened up in Maple Heights.
Polls show that Americans are split on the question, as are lower courts, which have issued mixed rulings on challenges from 26 state attorneys-general who say Congress overreached with the law.
One of the earliest occurred in California. The SEC settled a case in 2002 against a 17-year-old Mission Viejo boy accused of pocketing more than $1 million by promising "risk-free" investment returns of up to 2,500%. Two years earlier, the SEC settled a case against a New Jersey high school student accused of posting hundreds of misleading messages on Yahoo message boards talking up stocks he owned.
King Felix made 12 starts on the mound as a rookie for the Mariners; he won the Cy Young Award in 2010.
"What I think of first is how he brings the firm together in support when one of us has a major catastrophe in our lives," wrote one survey respondent. "It's a large firm, but each of us has importance and is genuinely cared for."
Once he saw we kinda-sorta believed that one, our waiter added that the meat was organic and grass-fed. Wrong again, cowboy. Still, that steak was pretty good.
Twin Falls County prosecutor Grant Loebs said the laws have created a group of victims he can’t help. For example, in an instance where a 16- or 17-year-old girl is initiated into a gang by having sex with each member, Loebs said he could previously charge the men involved with felony rape, even if the girl was a supposedly willing participant.
“Home-grown” storms in the western Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico, near the U.S. Coast, are a possibility this year.
After its 40-game league regular-season win streak was snapped, the Trojans got back on the proverbial horse with a rout of Murry Bergtraum and solid showing in the Northeast Elite Tournament. George Washington knocked off CHSAA contender Fordham Prep and is tied atop Manhattan A West with Norman Thomas. The two bitter rivals will see each other twice the final week of the regular season – when the title should be determined.
The child's mother, Sharrieckia Trinette Page, 22, was arrested March 30, a day after Torrey Brown Jr. was reported missing. She was being held in lieu of $100,000 bail at the medical unit of the Adams County Jail on suspicion of child abuse resulting in death.
A regularly scheduled meeting of the Rutgers board of governors is to take place this afternoon in Camden, and members of a group called "Stop the Merger" plan to rally outside before it begins.
In 2008, he was the recipient of the Colin Jose Media Award, given to journalists whose soccer coverage is deemed “exceptional.”
Customers using the drop box loop around the State Road building before popping back out through an open gate. They're supposed to brake at that gate, but few do, said Road Rant lookout Barb Koza. Instead, they crash the stop sign and roll right into the path of cars turning left out of the branch's front parking area.
But the film offers an unusual look inside those battle-scarred classrooms — about a quarter of the movie was shot by students with borrowed cameras — as it tallies the shortcomings of a system responsible for 35 million youngsters.
169 W. Main St., Rahway.
An elderly man shook his head as he glanced through what remained of the magazine section, then watched as employees organized thinning shelves.
It's the place on the menu of the new restaurant June right between the appetizers and the entrees. As though the line were etched by the metropolitan boundary commission, on one side are things you've never encountered, on the other are things you had last weekend.
Despite his plea, about 10 people showed up to support or speak on the popular educator's behalf. One supporter said she still can't believe the allegations are true.
On July 29, Malik's family filed a wrongful death lawsuit, engaging the Chicago law firm of Corboy & Demetrio to draft subpoenas to Haffar's father and other relatives and depose them under oath about what they knew of Haffar's flight and whereabouts.
And by "plate" he means "ribcage."
Will Campbell: "I've enjoyed being a Sirius subscriber since 2004, but when I heard the announcement last week that Jim Ladd was joining its team on the Deep Tracks channel, that was the first time that I truly felt truly connected to satellite radio. I was heartbroken and angry with the way the new KLOS owners swept Ladd off the Los Angeles airwaves so inconsiderately and unceremoniously, so I'd say my favorite moment of his first show came at the beginning after The Kinks' 'Around The Dial' and Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers' 'The Last DJ' when I heard Jim's voice. I'd be lying if I said I didn't get choked up."
On March 25, 2010, James "Al" Clement, 82, was found on the floor of his home at 621 King Georges Post, in the Fords section of the township. Police found a safe in the house had been opened, and papers and other items strewn around.
Hollister has two children from a previous marriage, a son Tracy and a daughter Kaili. Tracy's wife Michelle has a daughter Abi from a previous marriage. Kaili is married to Scott Stanton and has two daughters: Oona Lulu and Amma Lee. Geoff has two younger sisters, Laura Takashima and Claudia Stearman who reside in Portland.
Authorities say the money was discovered missing during an audit, and she took between $22,000 and $690,000 from each client.
In the release, Wang stated that Einstein Noah's "proven success and personable culture made becoming part of Einstein Noah an attractive and easy decision."
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- There are two ways that you can treat fall leaves:
"It was a gut check," McMillan said.
The crowd in the Alf Landon Arena in Topeka and those watching real-time holographic images in Wichita and Dodge City and Conservative (formerly Liberal, Kan.) held their breaths. Hud had his father's gift: When he spoke, everyone listened and other brain activity was suspended.
"You can say, 'Let me see all the silver shoes that are in the store right now,' " says company spokeswoman Ginger Reeder.
The statement said the tabloid initially heard about the story through a tip. "We had to do a great deal of work to establish that the information was correct and to determine the validity of certain documents that our reporters later discovered."
Brian Plocharczyk, "Farragut North" (Stage Left)
Parts of East Lake Road have collapsed and the dam/spillway infrastructure is severely compromised due to a large crater in the ground.
Schutzenhofer, who umpires for the Waterloo Sports Association, said embarrassment is never the answer.
øHeat forward Mike Miller, whose wife, Jennifer, gave birth to their daughter Jaelyn during last year's Eastern Conference playoffs, said:
One story, which he encouraged in numerous interviews, was that he arrived in a hot-air balloon. Soon he heard a message and began erecting a cross. Mixing water and hay, he put a facade on the mountain, then painted it with religious messages and motifs.
Without an infusion, the commission says it may have to close some homes next year.
According to transcripts of the trial before DiLeo, Wendell Kirkland said, "Just give me the public defender," but DiLeo said both cousins had waived the right to a public defender.
He said four of the ISP residents went to live with family, two went to a hotel with the aid of the American Red Cross and two went to another transitional house.
And he prevailed.
There are plenty of storylines to follow.
Support Force at Rontoms - Local up-and-comers Support Force celebrate the release of a new, multi-format (7" + digital EP) album; you're invited to find out what math rock is and why you like it so much. Grandparents and Pigeons open. 8:30 p.m. FREE.
Edmonton outshot the Hawks 23-7 in Sunday's third period and 37-33 for the game, getting goals from center Henrik Samuelsson and defensemen Martin Gernat and Keegan Lowe.
Nov. 15, 2011
Chuck said, "I knew even at that young age, there was something about the Titanic." It was a sentiment that would lead him to visit the North Atlantic 16 years ago.
Bryant's ankle had been a big topic since Game 5. But on Tuesday, despite taking just 13 shots, he scored a team-high 19 points.
The bodies of three men were recovered in a debris field after the accident, which happened around 1:30 a.m. Saturday, when the vessel dropped off the race's boat-tracking system. On Saturday, officials identified two of the dead as Joseph Lester Stewart, 64, of Bradenton, Fla., and William Reed Johnson Jr., 57, of Torrance.
A window was vandalized last Wednesday in the 300 block of Goforth Drive.
Bigland, who spoke at the an industry forum sponsored by the National Automobile Dealers Association and consulting firm IHS, said Chrysler has been able to become the fastest growing automaker in the U.S. without a captive financing arm.
Implement a program in which athletes and their parents are required to watch a video that explains all the consequences of transferring from an institution before the player signs a letter of intent.
"It looks like it all went perfect," said a jubilant Vince Bilardo, the NASA Glenn engineer who led the three-year-long upper stage project and spent a tense morning in the backup firing room monitoring pre-launch conditions as the weather fluctuated between go and no-go. "From everything we were able to see, it was flawless."
The free event brings the whole family together for the nation's largest health day for kids, according to event organizers. Activities and vendors include wellness professionals, Zumba demonstrations, bounce houses and health information booths.
The former House speaker surged in popularity in early December and tried to use that momentum to make up for a stalled campaign organization. But his standing in polls has slipped in recent days amid a barrage of negative ads in Iowa, where the Jan. 3 caucuses begin the contest for the Republican presidential nomination.
Criticism has come from outside the company as well. Although Ford pledged in 2000 to improve the fuel efficiency of the company's SUVs by 25%, the company kept building gas-guzzling SUVs like the Excursion and Expedition, putting Ford in the cross hairs of the Sierra Club and other environmental groups.
"We're convinced that as long as we stay true to our mission, invest wisely, don't overbuild, we'll be prepared for health care reform, whatever it looks like," Zenty said.
Those who challenge Clark County light-rail proposals come from across the political spectrum, though many are conservative. Madore says the common thread of light-rail opponents is worry and outrage about the project's perceived waste and lack of accountability.
No. 58 James Hylton, Chevrolet
Discussion of the plant will continue at the council's May 8 meeting, when Edison officials will return to discuss the utility's plan for providing electricity to customers this summer.
At smaller firms, snagging the CFO's office may mean wearing many hats, Birger says. Before she was hired at Lovitt & Touche, Birger worked at smaller firms where she was the finance chief but also supervised administration, information technology, human resources and other departments.
Federal officials have repeatedly vowed to support the 19 banks, which essentially have been labeled too big to fail. Those reassurances have propelled the companies' shares to their highest levels in months. The White House, Treasury Department and Fed hope that by restoring confidence in the industry, private investors will help troubled banks shore up their finances, eliminating the need for taxpayer-financed rescues.
An accomplished drummer, Helm provided the beat that drove the Band on such now-classic rockers as "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down," "The Weight" and "Up on Cripple Creek." He was also, arguably, the most distinctive vocalist in the tremendously talented troupe, thanks to his unmistakable Arkansas twang that gave almost any song it touched a timeless quality.
The villain, Loki, Thor's semi-brother who dreams of murdering billions, is also strong. As played by Tom Hiddleston ("War Horse"), he is suitably menacing without being over the top. Even the lesser-known fighters, Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow and Jeremy Renner's Hawkeye, pull off fully rendered characters. One terrific addition is Mark Ruffalo as the Hulk. Ruffalo portrays a more world-weary Bruce Banner, and the filmmakers smartly save his metamorphosis into the big angry green guy for later in the action, greatly increasing his impact.
The strip club is gone now, but so is her longtime anchor tenant, an antique store that closed in April. Barna is fixing up the large corner space to attract a new business, perhaps a pizza parlor.
Wright told Bethard, <U+0093>I'm sure the (federal) Sentencing Commission would never, never in their wildest dreams anticipate that the government would pull something like this, like they've pulled on you.<U+0094> Wright then ordered Bethard to pay restitution and put him on probation for five years.
This spring, Rosen will feature watercolors with nature as the theme, including pets, wildlife and flowers.
An issue that may cause some debate, however, is a resolution on the agenda allowing the clerk to advertise for bids for a third party inspection service, something Council Vice President Chris Del Borrello said should be done away with during his presentation of possible areas of savings for this years budget at the Feb. 22 council meeting. Del Borrello estimated the township could save more than $100,000 by hiring an in-house inspector instead.
Kleinman, who has worked at Fifth Floor, where he earned a Michelin star, and at Fish & Farm, is turning his creativity to what the restaurant calls "barbecue-inspired Southern Comfort food." The chef nods to tradition, but the end result is pure and clean.
Looking back on that night, Bartolotta admits he probably shouldn't have been quite so cool. He didn't know much more than the basics of delivering a kick that would clear the 10-foot tall crossbar and cut through the 23 feet, 4 inches of airspace between the uprights.
An agency party was held for Tait, Fitzloff and Tom Blessington, Portland managing director, when they were added to the partner roster. The fourth new partner, Managing Director Neil Christie, works in the London office.
"It is a gift that will keep on giving," Ed Gillespie, head of the RSLC, told a Washington gathering of potential donors. He suggested that $1 spent today on drawing a safe congressional seat would save many times the cost of winning a competitive race later. "This is one of the best investments you can make."
"She was a little harried because of having to manage the situation and also with the police folks, but she's fine," he said.
The district's transportation department has been meeting weekly about how many extra buses and routes might be needed. Adams expects to hire up to 218 certified teachers and up to six new principals.
She remembers being 10 or 11 years old and hitting a "softie" ball in the backyard as far or farther than her father, who had played baseball through his high school years.
Gay played his previous five seasons with the Steelers, who for years have run the same defensive system the Cardinals installed a year ago.
NYCB, which has acquired nine banks in nine years, prides itself in never changing the name of a bank to NYCB.
If both the regime and the opposition forces agreed to a cease-fire, there is no guarantee that Assad wouldn't stall on implementation of the political components of the plan. But countless lives might be saved. The "Friends of Syria" that met over the weekend in Istanbul rightly made their priority an end to the "atrocities committed by the regime," even as they called for "a Syrian-led political transition leading to a civil, democratic, pluralistic, independent and free state." The Western and Arab nations that have pushed for political change in Syria can continue to pursue that objective, but the urgent imperative is an end to the killing.
Tribal council, and Jeff starts out by calling them all sixth graders. Nina points out that she’s a former LAPD officer and asks Cat what she brings to the table, and she’s … got nothing. Nina is not playing this right; she’s being way too confrontational toward Cat. It reeks of desperation and will only cause the other women to close ranks.
The magic bullet in berries may be a certain kind of flavonoid known as anthocyanidins, which cross the blood-brain barrier.
He has the most unique program in college basketball. Each year he brings in the nation’s best recruiting class, molds the freshmen into a selfless group, some glitch gets him in the tournament and they all go to the NBA.
-To my colleagues across the aisle, I thank you for working with me on several issues of great importance.
Put it this way: In season two, episode 22, Mr. B has two problems. His hot water heater is broken. And a powerful executive is making him jump through hoops. By the end of the episode, said executive is on his hands and knees, his face smudged with grease, fixing Mr. B's hot water heater!
The veterans open their hall to bingo players every Wednesday night. They use the proceeds to support veteran-related charities and pay the post's utility bills. About 35 percent of the players sit in a designated smoking section, Crawford said. Some come from Illinois to escape that state's public smoking prohibitions, he said.
Let me talk to you about how I believe that we need to have an economic plan that includes everybody. ... We have the manufacturing sector of the economy when I was growing up that was 21% of the workforce. It's now nine. When I grew up in the steel town of western Pennsylvania -- Butler, PA -- as he mentioned my grandfather was a coal miner. I knew that was the wealth. It wasn't great wealth. It wasn't opulent wealth. But it was wealth that was sustaining families and allowed folks to be able to participate in civic and community organizations without having to work two or three jobs. They could participate in the health of their community, which was vital for the health of our country.
A top seed would be Mizzou's second; the first was in 1994. But working against the Tigers is a combination of a second-place Big 12 finish, and the poorest schedule strength among the teams projected as first and second seeds.
Babbitt, who has been inactive in the last three Blazers games, will be scheduled to return to the Blazers around Dec. 20, when the team plays host to Milwaukee.
In January, the transplant was successful and Batson and Taber recovered together.
Starting with "Bullet for a Star" in 1977, Kaminsky wrote more than 70 novels. He incorporated the names of his two sons for his first lead character, Toby Peters, a former movie lot security officer who prowled 1940s Hollywood on behalf of celebrity clients such as Errol Flynn and Peter Lorre.
The book explores Shmaltz's first 13 years in business and looks at how Cowan has carved out a niche with equal parts envelope-pushing beers and pun-filled shtick. Cowan spoke with the Post-Dispatch about the book, his love of writing and the stereotype that Jews don't drink beer.
First place, Jayanth Palamand, Hagemann Elementary; second place, Zachary Norris, Beasley; third place, Cullin Wright, Point.
"I am thrilled to hear that the current ArtSports athletes will now have a safe environment in which to train," said Julie Whitman, a former U.S. junior national team member who said she was physically abused by Boger at Flairs. "I hope that (USAG chairman of the board) Peter Vidmar stands by his commitment to close a loophole in the rules that allows banned coaches to teach at non-member gyms that send athletes to national meets. I look forward to hearing about the changes in the near future."
In his place, 23-year-old defenseman Ian Cole made his postseason debut. A No. 1 pick in the 2007 entry draft, Cole has 52 NHL games on his résumé over the past two NHL seasons. He now has one humbling playoff game to his credit, as well, as the Blues lost 5-1 on Monday.
"It doesn't really impact us," Waters said. "Our athletic department is behind us 100 percent. We're going to figure out where we're going to be. The head coaches aren't going to let a program like Missouri fall to the curb."
I've always been the primary initiator of communication. I understand that people get used to a certain dynamic. With two close friends in particular, I would call at least once every two to three weeks and get together several times a year.
The Finish: Phil knows what you’re up to
As Hall -- who helped guide the Quakers' Constitution Team to its first district title in January -- notes, this is the annual "It's-April-and-everyone-is-going-to-lose-their-job meeting" at Franklin: "I've been teaching for 15 years, and I've never had a year when we didn't cut. Even when times were good."
When Webster does talk, the complicated story that emerges -- of Kondlo's alleged failure to fill in forms properly, give Webster his passport and follow other rules -- of course includes Webster declaring that this has nothing to do with race.
"I am profoundly appreciative of the people who stepped in at the last minute to help and who without planning gave up their Saturday just to keep the event moving," she added, naming BumbleJunk of Bel Air - Ryan and partner; Rebecca and Annabel Jessop; Amanda McGhee and family; and "Greg, Lou and the man who coordinated the paper shredding (I am so sorry I forgot your name!) at HCC."
Home Runs: Name Here Karkenny (The Master's), Talley (The Master's), Lucas (The Master's), Sutherland (Biola), Fages (Biola), Covyeau (Biola)
And he lectured a Chicago Tribune reporter recently: "I have been in an executive position and - I mean this insulting, so get it right - you haven't."
2. Mumford singer, Mulligan wed
Together, these developments raise unprecedented questions about the value - and the future - of editing itself. Already at many news organizations, journalists and readers alike have noticed flabbier writing, flatter headlines, more typos. How far can you cut editing without crippling credibility? How do you balance immediacy and accuracy? How much does fine-tuning matter to the work-in-progress online ethos?
At the end of the three weeks, IBM will share its recommendations with city officials and the public.
øI love the stage of the WNBA playoffs. The intensity is unmatched.
NEWARK — New Jersey child welfare officials have taken custody of a baby born to a couple whose other three children with Nazi-inspired names were removed nearly two years ago.
"When the market tightens, as it is now, we see costs increase quickly, while we adjust our pricing customer by customer as it's appropriate," said Robinson CEO John Wiehoff.
In 1981, I did the Cleveland reporting for fabled sports journalist Dick Schaap on his book, "Steinbrenner." I knew Steinbrenner fairly well back then.
The defense has suffered injuries, endured a suspension and subsequent pair juggling, and yet its play has been steadily improving.
"When we were there, it was a time when there was real enthusiasm about these things. It was an outstanding time in New Jersey," Mulcahy said. "When you accept an invitation to participate in a commission like this, you owe the governor what you think is your best judgment, not what you feel you’d like to do."
Howard oversaw the company's operations in the Midwest. He authorized the check on behalf of Imagine in late October just days before a Post-Dispatch story revealed that a "Sam Howard" had accepted $32,000 in payments in 2007 from a contractor rehabbing Imagine school buildings in St. Louis.
Concept car - may never go on sale
Yauch is survived by his wife, Dechen, and his daughter, Tenzin Losel Yauch.
Ramey, however, will be learning at Bondurant with a difference. On Saturday, she will be taking her 2010 Mini Cooper S to the school and taking part in its Mother's Day weekend celebration.
What's a good length of time for a summer enrichment camp?
Yet they have become whipping boys and girls. Incompetent, lazy, selfish and so on.
The ball caromed off the railing and scooted into right field.
Up to a point, it can accommodate this through its own capital. It would at first reduce its annual distributions to member governments, and thereafter call on them to bolster its own capital. Who pays in the end? Taxpayers. If debt-strapped governments in weak countries can't afford it, taxpayers in stronger economies might have to take the greatest share. The battles over burden sharing so far suggest that a dysfunctional system of decision-making is increasing losses to all concerned. And whoever wins the battles, it's euro-zone taxpayers who will take most of the hits—led by German taxpayers, whether Chancellor Angela Merkel likes it or not.
Condé Nast may have cut the number of tables it bought at the digital Ellies of the National Magazine Awards to three from five, but it put more corporate heavy hitters into the Grand Hyatt than any of its rivals.
6. Harrison College.
He's seen her a few times and talks to her regularly on the phone.
Last week, County Assessor Jake Zimmerman assailed the cuts, calling them "outrageous" while questioning the board's competency.
øStill, shoppers should resist the urge to overspend, says Gail Cunningham, a spokeswoman for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling. "If you stayed up late or got up in the middle of the night and the item of your dreams is gone, the little voice in your head is going to start saying, 'You're already here. Go ahead and shop,' " Cunningham says. "Get in and get out. The longer you stay there, the more caught up you're going to be in the moment."
Ocampo enjoyed walking around a lot, his parents said, and had a gym membership.
If she does have a paid speaking engagement, Zech said, she takes a vacation day and does not do it on city time.
Time: 3 p.m. today
In the second: The Wings had failed to score a power play in their last three games (0-for-10) but tied the game against the NHL's top penalty-kill unit. The opportunity came after Marek Zidlicky was penalized for high-sticking Tomas Holmstrom. The Devils came into the game with the NHL's stingiest kill (89.8%). The Devils had killed off 19 straight. But Holmstrom made the Devils pay, finishing off a 2-on-1 with Jiri Hudler against Anton Volchenkov at 6:13. It was Holmstrom's 11th goal of the season.
Knights manager Allen Smith, who had just one player on the bench for the doubleheader, didn't have a lot of options.
It doesn't have to be that way, of course. Calvin Johnson, a law professor at the University of Texas, told the Senate Finance Committee that it should stop extending 13 of the extenders, including the
WASHINGTON (AP) — Georgetown is promoting Keith Brown to head coach of its women's basketball team.
"They were definitely the most secret company we've ever dealt with by one-hundredfold," said Scott Hege, a Wasco County commissioner who was running the Port of The Dalles when it negotiated the land sale in 2005.
"The age of the average comic book reader is going up (they are in their 20s). I'd love to see more kids reading comics."
Ulman said he also agrees the proposed bridge would provide an "iconic look," foster bikeability and walkability from downtown to Oakland Mills and "have a positive spillover effect in other villages."
And a streamlined health care bureaucracy at the Pentagon could save up to $460 million a year, the report adds.
"Environmentalist" is a bad word among many in these parts. Some old-timers are still smarting from an epic battle four decades ago over a planned coal-fired plant east of Bryce Canyon that ultimately was abandoned after opposition from environmental groups and federal regulatory agencies.
The CareOne nursing home in Livingston was evacuated Saturday night because of lost power, Goepfert said.
Shyam Mehta, a senior solar analyst with GTM Research in New York, saw BrightSource's about-face as a reflection of the company's particular challenges rather than a broad indictment of solar power's prospects on Wall Street. He noted that CSP technology is land-intensive and faces several permitting hurdles before it can be built in the desert.
Sunday -- 1:50 a.m. (2), 8 a.m. (3), 2:15 p.m. (2), 8:25 p.m. (3)
Last season in particular, Wieters was almost three times as likely to homer against a left-handed pitcher, based on the ratio of home runs to at-bats. He hit 11 homers from each side of the plate in 2011, but he had 405 plate appearances left-handed and only 142 right-handed. Overall, he came into this season with one home run every 26.2 at-bats hitting right-handed and one ever 38.9 at-bats left-handed.
Expect major traffic delays downtown, as some streets will be closed and traffic rerouted from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Major thoroughfares that will be affected include Broad Street, McCarter Highway, Market Street, Raymond Boulevard, Halsey Street, Washington Street and University Avenue.
The financially strapped state Department of Environmental Protection also failed, the FDA said, to conduct mandated patrols of polluted coastal waters to guard against the poaching and illegal sale of contaminated mollusks.
ELSEWHERE: Considering that the ship sank to the bottom of the ocean 100 years ago, it's remarkable how many Titanic artifacts (and replicas of artifacts) are on display in what seems like every corner of America. There's a Titanic Historical Society museum in Indian Orchard, Mass.; a "Titanic - 12,450 Feet Below" show at Mystic Aquarium in Mystic, Conn., which opened in April; and "Titanic: 100 Year Obsession," which opened at the National Geographic Museum in Washington, D.C., in March and highlights dives to the wreck site by Ballard and Cameron. The National Geographic exhibit includes replicas and props from the film as well as models of the ship, engine room and a radio room, events.national
For more, call 503-846-3519 or visit the Washington County website.
(On analysts saying that Schwartz could start right away):
Situated on the Navajo reservation in a remote part of northern Arizona near the Utah line, its glorious skyline draws thousands of tourists to U.S. 163, the only road through Monument Valley. Some of the best views of the famous landscape can be seen from the Navajo Tribal Park, east of the road on the Arizona side. Tourists come back from their western vacations with photos of East and West Mitten buttes, Totem Pole Butte, Thumb Butte and Three Sisters.
One of our favorite spots in Massachusetts had been a Cape Cod National Seashore pond in Wellfleet where a rope swing enabled us to splash into the cold water as soon as the weather warmed enough to dare. Before we had children, Ralph and I had enjoyed many afternoons at Spectacle Pond. In Florida, we looked forward to introducing our kids to the same type of experience but in a warmer climate.
TriMet spokeswoman Mary Fetsch said the petition effort -- and a similar one under way in Milwaukie -- would only apply to future rail projects and not to the $25 million contract Clackamas County already signed. "We have said many times that we believe this is a legally binding agreement," she said.
Q: What will you be talking about in your shows here?
4 cups low-salt canned chicken broth or homemade turkey broth/stock
rose 1 percent after the company reported a bigger than expected
President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will honor songwriters Burt Bacharach and Hal David, a duo whose pop melodies and lyrics regularly hit the charts in the 1960s and early 1970s despite competition from more socially revolutionary performers.
Michael Pineda has been a disaster and is gone for the season after shoulder surgery, Freddy Garcia has already been demoted to the bullpen and it's gotten to the point with Phil Hughes that the Yankees are throwing him bouquets when he at least makes it to the sixth inning and only gives up three runs, as was the case on Tuesday.
Rutgers' Patrick Kivlehan recovered a fumbled a muffed punt at the South Florida 12-yard line when the Bulls' Victor Marc inexplicably tried to pick it up as he rolled towards the Bulls' goal line. The Scarlet Knights couldn't muster any offense, however, as Gary Nova was sacked for a 12-yard loss on a third-and-2 from the 4-yard line. San San Te kicked a 33-yard field goal with 7:20 left. USF 10, Rutgers 3
Van Roekel started playing in fifth grade, following in the footsteps of his older brother, Drew, who now plays on the Pacific University club lacrosse team.
The message also applies to workers, she warned, urging union leaders not to sabotage energy supplies. "Argentines need to be patient and learn not to expect everything tomorrow," she said.
The prosecution presented new reports last week from two experts who say it's impossible to overdose by taking the drug orally because it would not be absorbed into the intestines.
Recently, Sen. Ben Cardin proclaimed in that "we must put an end to racial profiling" and held a press rally along with sending out e-mails.
get a lot of highlights. That's what we do."
"Dwight Howard is the Orlando Magic's team defensively," Webber continued. "He's been that way since they've had him; they've recycled players in and out. And so when he's not there, the lane will be wide open for penetration, also for post-ups, also for rebounding, offensive and defensive, which will allow Indiana to control the pace.
Pavlakes said the 15-day limit was a bit of an arbitrary number.Â Most people probably don't want to use a portable storage unit for more than two weeks, he and other officials said.
Clearly, Akron must do a better job ensuring that its neighborhoods and schools are safe. But the many bald lies Williams-Bolar told Summit County Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh after she was found out -- and the records she falsified to cover her trail -- had much to do with the unnecessary escalation of this case.
Asked what they think has been going on behind the scenes at Animals for Autism, most parents said they hope Kaydus had good intentions and got in over her head — but a part of them wonders if the project was a ploy.
Don’t worry, he’s over it.
Chin said the settlement that the company reached with U.S. authors and publishers would "grant Google significant rights to exploit entire books, without permission of the copyright owners." He was particularly critical of the access Google would have to so-called "orphan works" -- out-of-print books whose writers could not be located -- saying the deal gave the company "a de facto monopoly over unclaimed works."
Do-ahead note: These palmiers can be made ahead and frozen. After cutting them, place on parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze. When fully frozen, place the palmiers in a self-sealing freezer bag, or wrap tightly in foil. When ready to bake, place palmiers on baking sheet. Bring to room temperature, then bake as above. Alternatively, freeze the rolled-up, uncut palmiers. Thaw and proceed with cutting and baking directions.
1 (12) Fletcher Cox, dt, Mississippi State
OK, for one last time in 2010, the links:
2007 Kali Hart Pinot Noir, Monterey County, Calif. ($15-$18) - This wine is produced by the No. 1 giant in the Monterey area, Talbott. Yes, the same family that makes the clothes and ties. So a gift of a bottle and tie would be perfect. Everyone loves Pinot, and why not? It has structure with no tannin, fruit without the jam. This is a lovely, lush, tasty monster of a kitten for the Pinot lover. 88 points.
The $25 billion settlement with banks over alleged foreclosure abuses will provide financial relief to an estimated one million at-risk borrowers, raising new hopes for an economy still hurting from the mortgage bust.
Rock'n Fish, 120 Manhattan Beach Blvd., Manhattan Beach, CA 90266; (310) 379-9900. http://www.rocknfishmb.com. Surf and turf in a merry beach-adjacent atmosphere. Beware of two-hour time limit on all tables. Most main dishes $14-$40, some surf 'n' turf combos more.
He also seems to recognize the importance of this third season in the big leagues for himself as a developing hitter and - in particular - a developing fielder at a critical position. And for what he means to a franchise in the midst of the biggest organizational overhaul in its long history.
Steve Linton, president of the board, said Marsh's "belief in Christian education, incredible vision, and love for the Westminster community have made the school what it is today."
However, while they don’t feature five first-round NBA Draft picks like last year’s roster, this year’s group accomplished something elusive to the players from last year: a trip to the Final Four.
The possibility of a bond issue was revived, however, in a Dec.
J.C. Penney, Wal-Mart and home-improvement retailer Lowe's Cos. all said they're noticing their customers are consolidating shopping trips to save money on gas as the average price hovers at $4 a gallon.
It remains to be seen whether the Legislature, which did not enact aspects of Corzine’s 2008 pay-to-play reforms, will take up ELEC’s cause.
"MPCA's application of the wild rice sulfate rule is reasonably related to achieving the legitimate goal of protecting Minnesota's environment," she wrote in her opinion.
While the housing commission staff recommendations mimic the suggestions made by Nixon's tax commission, MHDC executive director Margaret Lineberry said she was not directed by Nixon to slow down the issuance of the tax credits.
The number of SAT test-takers in Ohio has remained steady, with about 35,000 students taking the test the last five years.
"I spent some time in my car when it was raining," said DeBose, of South Euclid, a pastor at Standing for Jesus Ministries. "I'm down with technology. I use it for services. There's free Bible apps." He said he sold his iPad2 to a friend a week ago.
He had three scores on the day, including two on runs of over 50 yards.
"Most people pitch with their gut, but Jazzy pitched with her heart today. When I tried to take her out of the game she said, 'dad I can do it; please don't take me out.'"
"It feels like a rock, that’s how firm it is," said hospital administrator Patricia Smillie-Scavelli, describing the dark colored mass three inches long and one-and-a-half inches wide. Dr. Jason Pintar, an internist, removed it via endoscopy at the Garden State Veterinary Specialists in Tinton Falls, where Patrick has been recovering since March 16. A janitor found the pit bull dumped in an apartment trash compactor in Newark last month.
Wine and food lovers will delight in a spectacular Wine Dinner featuring the celebrated wines of Reverie Winery.
Then there's the issue of consumer demand. Shoppers today are inundated by retailer and third-party mobile apps and services.
A menu with quail eggs has a certain we're-not-in-Kansas-anymore aura. And while Jersey City may not be the Emerald City, it is becoming quite the polished gem these days, and its increasingly young, urbane and demanding population sets the stage for real excitement in the restaurant world.
Mainline airlines have made increasing use of "subcarriers" such as ExpressJet to cut costs. At Hopkins, regional carriers handle 80 percent of Continental passengers. But ALPA spokeswoman Amy Flanagan said mainline pilots can fly smaller aircraft just as cheaply as regional carriers, given pension and wage contract concessions in recent years.
Block trades are governed by exchange rules, which require that they command "a fair and reasonable" price, and must be reported after they are executed. CME Group markets the service to firms that want to pay one price for a large transaction.
He failed to mention that Illinois has two governors sitting in prison.
One by one, the Blackhawks boarded their chartered plane for Arizona on Friday. Marian Hossa wasn't one of them.
A group of soldiers seized power early Thursday after a mutiny in a military camp near the capital. Leaders of the group, dubbed the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy and State, appeared on state television and declared that the constitution had been suspended, the borders closed and all institutions of power dissolved.
The neighborhood — the diversity of the neighborhood — may have been what drove me to write about food in the first place. Immediately before the riots there had been restaurants from 14 regions within a few minutes walk from my apartment. Not just the Korean, Mexican and Japanese places you might have expected, but restaurants from Sumatra, Thailand, Guatemala, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Holland, Colombia, Nicaragua, Japan and Peru among others — all coexisting, all more or less delicious.
Missouri Legislature will pass a bill reining in a landmark court decision that could trigger an exodus of thousands of children from failing urban schools to the suburbs.
You've paid your dues, having gained about 650 feet; now it's time to collect your reward.
About the only lingering position Seattle didn't address — and most expected them to — was quarterback. Charlie Whitehurst is the only QB under contract.
The firm, based in Middlesex County, offered investors high annual interest rates by renovating and reselling homes, many of them in Newark and Irvington.
And the Republican politicians who run this state used to say they would, too.
Days before The Star's story ran, HHS shut down all access to the data bank's public file, saying its confidentiality had been breached.
Best, though, is the fact that my initial feelings of connectivity still live in me and, I believe, in everyone who experienced them that day. It's something I consciously call on and stoke for use - a feeling that talks back to loss with love.
Make dining poolside easy for your friends, and give everyone his or her own tray with plates and cutlery for easy outdoor transport. Fashion napkin rings from nautical white cord, available at fabric stores. Bright plastic flatware is fun and safe around the pool.
Action items include first readings of attendance policy for school events, graduation requirements and the non-re-employment of the school superintendent.
The Bridge Lady has seen some wonderful things on the Willamette River. A sea lion once bobbed up near the floating dock a few feet from where she stood. Another time, a fisherman wrestled a huge sturgeon from the water.
3633 NE 17th Ave ; 1,538 square feet; $430,000
"I don't want it to be solely an ivory tower," he said.
Korean Air Lines Co. jumped 4.4 percent and Taiwan's EVA Airways Corp. rose 3.3 percent as softening oil prices helped boost profit outlooks in an industry highly sensitive to fuel costs.
Everything comes with pita bread, and you might want to try a mix of four Middle Eastern cheeses ($6), chick peas and garlic ($6) or www.answers.com/topic/basturma, an Armenian dried, spiced beef ($7), to combine with the fresh bread.
Information on this event and other Somerset County Park Commission activities may be found on the Internet at somersetcountyparks.org
One of the dancers wanted to get together when she got off work. The problem was that Spinks – six-foot-one and a man who had recently faced Muhammad Ali twice and won once – wanted to party.
"Unfortunately, using non-lethal means as far as controlling the herd is just not practical reality," Russo said, pointing to the fact Hudson moved from the use of reflective Streiter lighting to ward deer off roadways — as did Solon — to consideration of crossbow hunting as well.
Remember the furor over $16 muffins? That's nothing compared with the $100-plus per-person reception that featured 400 pieces of $4.75 "Petit Beef Wellington," 400 "Mini Monte Cristo Sandwiches" at $5 each and 1,000 sushi rolls for $7 apiece, as well as other "excessive and wasteful" spending at a General Services Administration conference in the Las Vegas area in 2010.
"We follow that policy carefully," Finchem said.
NBA, Kings at Memphis, 5 p.m., CSNCA: Can Kings make it two wins in a row?
GRONEK IS NEW CAREER LEADER
"The biggest reason is the lack of movement on many issues," Rosenau said.
That's when the "foot voting" began. At Cooperrider's signal, masses of people ran all over the floor, ending up in the groups covering the topics they were most interested in.
"I thought he was awesome tonight," Huskies coach Steve Sarkisian told reporters. "I think we'll have a hard time the rest of the bowl season to see another quarterback play better than Keith played tonight . . . I was happy for him that he got to play the style of football that I know he's capable of playing, when he can really utilize his legs as well as throwing."
Some board members wanted to have the reservoir financed with long-term general obligation bonds in the range of $8 million to $9 million. Other members favored the city using revenue bonds instead. Board members were also split on whether to finance the two projects with a joint revenue bond measure or have them separate.
Alexander Landau, who was awarded a $795,000 settlement from the city after he was beaten following a traffic stop in 2009, attended the rally and wore a hoodie in Martin's memory.
Kenyon College: Housing applications are used to match students based on dorm location, gender, smoking, guest policy, bedtime, cleanliness and more.
It's a tenuous time, says Kim Silva, executive director
"That's why he decided to drop out. He knows he must mend a lot of fences on his home turf. But as far as a congressional race, he was a nonstarter," Coleman said.
Owens said both the Baltimore County police department and the MTA are investigating the incident. He said the MTA has set up a shuttle bus service to transport passengers to different stops along the light rail line while the investigation is under way.
To be eligible for the one-time payment, an educator must work
Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.) admitted Monday that he had sent explicit photographs of himself to women online and apologized to his family and constituents for what he called a "hugely regrettable mistake."
The changes are expected to save $10 million next year, far less than the $300 million the Christie administration had expected.
Along with middle linebacker James Laurinaitis and projected starter Jo-Lonn Dunbar (the free-agent pickup from New Orleans), they made up the four linebackers at minicamp.
The Geauga County Sheriff's Office said one man was handling a gun when it discharged, striking him in the hand. The bullet then struck his friend in the foot.
While it is woefully inadequate, it is still far better than what we had before when you could have your insurance canceled as soon as you got ill and made a claim. Or if you had the temerity to be born with an illness or disease, or if one of the thousands of office workers whose only job was to find reasons not to cover a procedure decided not to pay for your treatment.
2. "NCIS," CBS, 12.25 million viewers
The Wildcats were scheduled to face Texas A&M later Sunday. Arizona must defeat A&M, 2-0 so far in the regional, to force a deciding game on Monday night.
To start with, not all sausages are made the same. Some pork bangers, such as the Irish-style links made by North Country Smokehouse, contain as little as 6 grams of fat each. Lower-fat chicken and turkey sausages also would be a good choice. To make the mash a bit healthier, this recipe blends small red potatoes (with skins), cooked kale, tangy buttermilk, zesty coarse-grained mustard and only a tiny pat of butter. The result is deliciously similar to the classic Irish dish called colcannon. The gravy, also spiked with mustard, is made with reduced-sodium chicken broth, onions, flour and very little oil, so you can say goodbye to the grease.
WASHINGTON - Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey has introduced a broad immigration reform bill that would put the nation's approximately 11 million illegal immigrants on a path toward citizenship and enact other sweeping reforms.
"It was strong the last several months of the year. And then, typically, after Thanksgiving things quiet down a lot. And they just never seemed to quiet down. They just continued very, very strong, right through the holidays."
-- The Heat were getting all kinds of off-the-ball goodness with their offense early, as part of their early 9-0 run.
Lane restrictions and closures will be in effect beginning at 4 p.m. on Bristol Street from McFadden to Warner avenues and on Main Street from 1st Street to Warner.
stirs talk of cosmetic surgery
The so-called <U+0093>red-band<U+0094> trailer can be crammed with foul language and crude sexual humor. Because of restrictions imposed by the MPAA advertising administration wing, headed by Marilyn Gordon, it's almost impossible to see red-band trailers in theaters, although they are widely available on innumerable websites.
The nearest firefighters were right across the street in Station Four. They were already in shock: The wall of a hotel next door had fallen right through the roof of their firehouse and buried James O'Neil in a shower of broken bricks. He was a firefighter assigned to hook-and-ladder truck No. 1, and he'd been getting ready to bring water to the horses when death came through the roof. He would be the city's only rank-and-file firefighter to die in the quake and fire of 1906.
Tedesco later called her to ask what she told Internal Affairs, she said. “He screamed at me, ‘You f--king tell them that I’m just a friend who stops by once in a while,’ ” Obenauer said. “I told him, ‘They have your GPS records, you moron. I’m not perjuring myself for you. We’re over, and I want my key.’ ”
"That's just when you're married," I'd say.
upset-minded Dragons 15-0 in the first quarter and never looked back in rolling to victory to advance to the semifinals.
Jaroslav Halak stop Adam Burish on a breakaway to keep it scoreless.
Additional caveats: Exchanges are based on availability, so don't assume you'll always get your first choice. When buying, pay attention to more complex details, such as how long you have to use or exchange your time-share.
In somewhat of an ironic twist, Parent Revolution is organizing parents using old-school, labor organizing tactics. So far, more than 20 unions have been formed.
Balsillie and co-CEO Mike Lazaridis came under pressure last week, when they failed to talk publicly about the outages until Thursday morning, the fourth day of the service interruption.
This will surprise no one familiar with Tebow's story, but from the time he started playing Pop Warner football, he had trouble convincing his coaches he was a quarterback.
In "Regrets Only," a high-powered Manhattan attorney, his fashionista wife, their gay best friend, a bridezilla daughter, a wacky maid and a cocktail-fueled mother-in-law find themselves at odds with each other - and with the president of the United States - over the definition of marriage.
Some companies are going to be more bullish about electric vehicles than others, Ghosn acknowledged.
Horton has an 86-90-1 record in three years at Oregon. He was chosen as the man to resurrect the program in September of 2007, after Oregon baseball had been dormant since 1981. Horton's greatest accomplishment during his tenure was Oregon's selection to the 2010 NCAA Tournament, in the program's second year back from reinstatement.
Omega-3 fatty acids are also currently being studied to determine if they reduce side effects for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy. Research suggests two ways that omega-3 fatty acids produce these benefits: by boosting the immune system and by decreasing inflammation.
"Something like neo-Nazis patrolling the border? That warrants everybody's attention," Straus said.
She is missed every day by her parents, John and Kathy; and the best big brother in the world, Henry. She has numerous grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins that miss her adorable smile and infectious giggle. Jane passed away from a mitochondrial disease that took her too quickly and far too young.
Gorsky declined to say if the company was looking inside or outside of the company to fill those roles, but he said: "I'm fortunate ... to have a pretty broad-based and deep bench of leaders."
Acme Bags Earth Tote
"I was pretty good over the years, but there were always girls who were better than me," said Howard, who played middle hitter. "This year, it was me and another girl (as leaders of the team), so it was my time to shine.
Lawmakers last week did approve several small measures that could bring in additional dollars, including a tax amnesty program to entice tax scofflaws to pay up, and an expansion of the state's new video gaming law to allow gambling machines in truck stops.
Change was evident as Edsall answered questions in his office overlooking the covered Byrd Stadium field. The walls of the Gossett Football Team House were being repainted — a fitting image for the program's shifting look. There was no longer a black name plate on the door of Crowton's vacated former office marked "Offensive Coordinator" and "Quarterbacks Coach."
In other ways, it's a slightly odd fit. "I always considered the record company the enemy, to be honest with you," Was said last month, over dinner at a New York City restaurant. "In my experience they were people who didn't do what they said they were going to do. And now that I come in there, half of the things I see, I think, 'Oh, that's why it's got to be done that way.' Certain things that were incomprehensible and seemed evil make total sense. And then the other half is: 'Maybe it doesn't have to be this way. Maybe we can approach this from a fresh point of view.' So maybe that's what we should focus on."
August 21 ... plus-15, 8 runs saved
øOther CAA Internet properties started with Yanover. He began WhoSay as a way to offer clients more control over how their images were being used online. He reached out to Steve Ellis, who founded and sold the Pump Audio website, and together they got WhoSay running. Some $7 million in financing has been raised, including from Amazon and High Peaks Venture Partners.
Millions of fans loved Kate Upton's racy "Cat Daddy" dance video - and the rap collective The Rej3ctz behind the dance craze is no different.
During the run-up to the May 5 Kentucky Derby, the daily whir of construction continued as two more additions were coming together: Decca, a 'soulful, contemporary" restaurant already generating massive buzz, and a bistro called La Coop. East Market Street residents, such as Nico Domingo, 25, a medical student, suddenly need to hunt for parking spaces on weekend nights. Not that Domingo minds.
Bezos said advance orders for the Fire are so high that Amazon is making "millions more" than it had intended, and orders for other models since Sept. 28 have been double what it was for the company's last launch of a Kindle device.
Meanwhile, FAMU's longtime band director, Julian White, has been on paid leave for months.
"We're expecting to score more points," said Shurmur. "We need to score more points. That's what we're looking forward to."
Presidential Scholar semifinalist, Notre Dame Prep.
"Hot N Cold" is a good pop song. . . . It's like a big fat pop punch to the face.
Let's start with the prattle. "American Dreamz" was written and directed by Paul Weitz, whose debut feature, which he didn't write, was the funny, raunchy "American Pie." Mr. Weitz's new movie takes a small-bore approach to wide-screen potshots at public figures and contemporary issues -- it pokes fun, naughtily and indiscriminately. And it does so in a dumbed-down Esperanto that its audience can't fail to understand -- the universal language of commercial TV sitcoms, with their constrained cultural vocabulary and their subtext of harmlessness: Don't be offended, none of this really means anything, it's just a goof about a lot of dumb stuff going down around us.
Skip the gimmicks
INBOUND: From the Beltway, proceed south on Loch Raven Boulevard and then:
Specifically, the foundation now known as All Hands Raised was chosen to run the Cradle-to-Career initiative. C2C, as it is nicknamed, is funded and supported by a combination of public agencies such as Portland State University and the City of Portland as well as private ones such as U.S. Bank and and PGE.
pitted against each other in one of the Class 1 semifinal matches Saturday morning. Frye finished second at state last year, Curtis third. They both lost to eventual champion Teddy Fitzgibbons of Pembroke Hill. Curtis lost 6-1, 6-2 in the semifinals, and Frye lost 6-2, 6-0 in the championship.
According to Springsteen, he'd first fallen for the stories -- and the hard stoicism -- of country music. But even as he was attracted to the fatalism of country artists like Hank Williams and Jerry Lee Lewis, he found something toxic about those singers' resignation to cruel fate. The Boss wanted an answer to the implicit question posed in Williams' "My Bucket's Got a Hole in It": why, he wondered, were hard times permanent for working men and women? In Guthrie's work, he found a way forward: "fatalism tempered by a practical idealism," and a conviction that "speaking truth to power wasn't futile."
The International Atomic Energy Agency said its lowest classification of emergency had been declared at a separate plant outside the northern town of Sendai. But Japan's nuclear safety agency said that although there had been a rise in radiation the reactor's cooling system was functioning adequately.
The Missouri Coalition for the Environment, which intervened in the lawsuit, also has agreed to the consent decree. But the state of Missouri has not.
For the first time, the Edgemont, N.Y., couple raised a possibility that she was drugged.
More than 300 houses were washed away in Ofunato City alone. Television footage showed mangled debris, uprooted trees, upturned cars and shattered timber littering streets.
Potentially barring the union from a building if the district doesn't approve of the message is just not right, she said.
That ended Thursday. And with stocks down big, money flooded into U.S. Treasurys and gold, both considered safer investments.
FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Janice Fedarcyk said Gupta's arrest was the latest to occur in an initiative launched by the FBI in 2007 against hedge fund cheats.
"It's kind of like the Wild West," says Ashkan Soltani, a researcher, consultant, and former FTC technologist, who studied behavioral tracking as a graduate student at the University of California and whose research is posted at KnowPrivacy.org. "It's unlikely that industry groups will be able to corral them all."
Chaparosa Grill fundraiser
Countering a problem that's been cited as an obstacle to bicycling in downtown Lakewood, the city will install several new bike racks in the coming weeks.
The White River Township man built the cart himself. Then he had to get the required permits and inspections and find a place to set up shop.
Through a searchable database the Election Law Enforcement Commission unveiled today, people can view the contributions individuals and companies make. Previously, contributions to local candidates could be accessed only by sifting through candidates’ individual reports and looking for donors’ names.
"We got some help from the post and our defense played strong. Our goalie got the game ball," Silva said. "Our offense started a little bit slow and we pulled them aside and said, 'This is it. There's no tomorrow.' Some of these kids have been working hard for two years and I told them to step up and they delivered."
"I anticipate we will move through the legal process swiftly to remove this property from Imperial Avenue," Rybka said.
7300 State Park, $50,000
At least it seemed to start a run of success among Maryland horsemen that has carried beyond the state.
In a first-of-its-kind examination, the Tribune found these two careers repeatedly intersect, and in some cases Madigan took public actions that benefited his private clients.
The program is similar to the party's National Advisory Board, which requires donors to give the Democratic National Committee the maximum allowed under law for four years. But Presidential Partners requires an extra commitment to the Obama campaign.
Chevron intends to sell off three coal mines in Wyoming, New Mexico and Alabama. The sites include the company's open pit mine outside Kemmerer in western Wyoming, which has been on the market for about a week.
Sheri Richards and more than a dozen members of Hosanna Church in Lakeville were turned away from volunteering Saturday because the city already had the 2,000 volunteers needed. But they still found a way to help.
“It was an impressive performance, and he’s one of those horses that is just improving at the right time,” Battaglia said. “He’s really gotten better, so I gave him a little edge over Union Rags, who had the excuse in Florida … and he’s trained so well here.”
One of three SUVs to wear the Range Rover name, the Sport rides a platform that's distinct from the Range Rover Evoque and Range Rover, which are priced about $17,000 lower and $19,000 higher, respectively.
But Santa Cruz voters have shown in the past they'll step up and sacrifice to maintain quality in local schools.
“You can’t build something today that meets your needs for today,” said airport general manager Louis Miller, who inherited the project when he arrived in 2010. “We’re building for the future.”
The killings happened the day after her birthday. Prosecutors believe that Balfour became enraged by balloons he saw at the home that he thought were from her new boyfriend.
Known at the Utica or Martinsburg shale, authorities said it was simply a matter of time before gas companies begin pointing their drill bits at areas around the Kittatinny Mountains, north of the Delaware Water Gap.
"These impact fees can seriously curb private development and creation of jobs," Leavitt said.
A variety of brands, including Jacobs, Kenco and Gevalia coffee, Milka and Cadbury hot chocolate and Twinings teas are already available via the Tassimo machines.
"To Clive, you were the rock that held her together professionally." Her voice breaking, she continues: "She referred to you as her industry father." Calls L.A. Reid her "industry uncle."
According to the Los Angeles Economic Development Corp., trade-related employment in its five-county region exceeds 500,000, while the Port of Oakland estimates that its operations support some 73,000 jobs in Northern California. Notwithstanding its imposing presence alongside the Bay Bridge, the Port of Oakland handles about one-sixth as many containers as pass through the San Pedro Bay ports.
The price struck some industry observers as higher than expected. On a 60-month lease, with a $4,000 down payment, one would pay $713 a month without adding any special options.
She was not a professional baker; she had no experience in the food industry.
The epiphany led to the 1994 formation of TAPS, which today says it's helped about 30,000 families with everything from crisis intervention and grief counseling to navigating government bureaucracy. The organization says it has more than 1,000 survivors who are trained peer mentors and volunteer to help others.
Initiated in 1985, the California Distinguished Schools Program honors elementary and secondary schools in alternate years.
Maurice Gibb, Robin's twin brother, died in 2003 at the age of 53 due to complications from a twisted intestine.
Most of the city belongs to a conservation district that assesses $70 per dwelling, and $25 for each additional unit, for an occupancy permit. (Parts of the 4th, 5th, 6th, 18th and 19th wards are not included.) A bill introduced Friday by Alderman Gregory Carter of the 27th Ward would bring the entire city into the district and increase the fees to $100 and $50.
While Mitt Romney, the leading Republican presidential candidate, has criticized Obama for setting a timetable for troop withdrawal, the poll shows a rapid decline in GOP support for keeping the troops there much longer.
"The lot size is quite large, almost 200 feet deep," Armour said. "That is the advantage of Sea Cliff: You have the house that is detached on one side. It's open and airy with a driveway on one side with a spacious, extra large lot that benefits the backyard."
Others worried Lincoln, a Republican, might not be welcome in his own party today.
The players and the NFL Players Associations maintain that the NFL has not provided evidence that the suspended players were involved in the pay-for-injury program.
This is something of an NBC homecoming for Hahn. She played grief counselor Lily Lebowski for the 2001-07 run of NBC's "Crossing Jordan." Her film credits include "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days," "Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy," "A Lot Like Love," "The Last Mimzy," "The Holiday," "Revolutionary Road" and "Step Brothers."
MILFORD -- Craig and Susan Fitchett of Milford are pleased to announce the engagement of their daughter, Gail Louise, to John Marshall Milone, son of Michael and Julia Milone of Wexford, Pa.
The tally was 1,726 for, and 2,471 against.
The legislation was inspired by Caylee Anthony, the 2-year-old Floridian, whose disappearance and mother's murder trial sparked national attention last summer.
Surviving are a son, Paul Nopulos of Clarksville; two daughters, Claudia McBrien of Ellicott City and Deanne van Velsen of Catonsville; a brother, Angelo Nopulos of Arbutus; three sisters, Sophia Taylor of Manchester, and Rose Arnautis and Mary Keffalos, both of Warren, Ohio; and four grandchildren. Another son, James Nopulos, died in 2008.
Hey, Jason: My biggest knock on Shurmur is that he tried to go from Point A to Point D without touching Points B and C. By that I mean he gave Colt McCoy too much responsibility right off the bat. I think he should have leaned on the running game he inherited early to help the offensive line and McCoy settle into a rhythm together. I do think the absence of the off-season minicamps with his new team has much to do with the slow development of the offense.
3. Scottsdale father-son fight leaves younger man dead - Scottsdale police reported Thursday that a man told them that he fatally shot his adult son after the son forced his way into the man's home.
Meanwhile, a different council committee approved a proposal to modify for tornado-repair purposes a city loan program that helps homeowners repair homes that don't qualify for conventional loans because of a lack of equity from falling property values.
"He was really kind and sat there and explained. No rushing you. He would hold a good conversation. A whole lot of doctors could learn something from that type of treatment," said the Rev. Prince James, a 67-year-old Baptist minister.
Ron Simon, curator of the Paley Center for Media (formerly the Museum of Television and Radio), said that collectors have traditionally been very possessive, preferring to keep their archives out of the public view. But with the arrival of video sharing sites, that mentality is changing. "YouTube has encouraged the whole collector community to put examples of their material out there," he said.
"I had no intention to coach when I got out of Brown," Paterno said in 2007 at Beaver Stadium in an interview before being inducted into the Hall of Fame. "Come to this hick town? From Brooklyn?"
"When everybody else started to find out, I knew then it was for real, that this really happened, you are no longer a Blazer. You are no longer the head coach of the Blazers," McMillan said.
For tenants like Hobbs, who has lived at Mill Pond Gables for 14 years and loves the building and location, the biggest change came two years ago, when the city hired a new building manager to reduce costs. The switch allowed Champlin to avoid raising rents for three years, despite failures to break even on building expenses.
Singing the role of Jean Valjean, the fugitive seeking redemption, was a tenor named Alfie Boe. He was well-known in Britain, but with that one performance his American fan base exploded almost overnight. The rush was fueled, as most everything is these days, by social media, but also buoyed by the transformative, emotion-tugging power of music.
More reassuring words are needed from GOP leaders in coming days for their idea to gain traction. They ought to schedule public committee hearings, to avoid the mistakes that are too common when public input is insufficient.
Cpl. Kyle R. Schneider, 23, of Phoenix, N.Y.
Freese followed a double by Adron Chambers and a walk to Lance Berkman.
Elsewhere, North Carolina voters moved in the opposite direction from a string of states <U+0097> Democratic-leaning places such as New York and Vermont as well as conservative Iowa <U+0097> where same-sex marriage is now legal. Six states and Washington, D.C., now recognize gay unions.
Yet Lecere's stock became available on the Pink Sheets, an exchange largely populated by penny stocks and other thinly traded securities.
City Bible, a nondenominational church, started renting the theater on Sunday mornings in the Rotunda mall last Easter and now is coming up on its first anniversary.
I'm not talking about a romantic dinner for Valentine's Day. I'm referring to the fruit that grows on date palm trees. Whenever someone offered me dates as a snack or put them in a dish, I'd turn my nose up and refuse to take a bite.
* Sure, it was very serious that these ancient old country rivalries and vendettas are coming to Portland, and threatening to send the world into chaos. But how cool did Union Station look?
The shooting took place shortly before 2 p.m. inside the Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, who quoted a spokesman for the medical center.
Here are the key transactions:
Brandon Phillips after bunting a 3-1 pitch foul, lined to Descalso, who doubled Valdez off first. Boggs was almost out of it
The Airport Commission also rejected the staff's recommendation last month, unanimously voting to go with current concessionaire HMS Host and its extra $15 million.
Cook it just past the point where it boils, stir in flavorings (honey and orange flower water or yuzu juice are what she recommends, but there's plenty of room for experimentation) and chill.
STORAGE CONTAINERS
A parent, Salisu, said that without a good secular education, his children would end up unemployed or in dead-end work.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. named James J. Schiro, a former insurance executive, as lead director of its board and head of the corporate governance and nominating committee after reaching a compromise with a shareholder group that wanted to split the role of chairman and chief executive.
The march by about 20,000 people to an island adjacent to the Kremlin proceeded peacefully Sunday afternoon until a small group tried to break off and cross a bridge across the Moscow River, which was blocked by police.
Michigan Opera Theatre general director David DiChiera announced Saturday that the company has raised $5 million in its fund-raising campaign to pay down and restructure the bank debt that has debilitated the company's finances.
Borders did not introduce its Kobo Wireless eReader until May.
We'll be getting into more detail of the report – and getting more response from the districts themselves – in coming days.
The shaping undergarments have become such a red-carpet staple for women that Spanx introduced a men's line designed to boost pecs and minimize guts.
Meanwhile, other people in Civic Center spray painted tarps and wood, while others waved scraps of wood. Still more decorated the camp with tinsel and police tape.
The ruling affirmed a Multnomah County jury's 2002 decision that Philip Morris
PITTSBURGH -- Few games within the Cardinals' 10-5 start have put a managerial move under tight focus. The Cardinals have yet to win when out-hit. They have lost only once when out-hitting their opponent. The starting pitching has approached dominance as they are 8-1 when scoring first.
Part of the donation will pay for upgrades to the park's well system, which provides the park and Land Park Golf Course with irrigation. "There was a potential of the park going brown last year because of the inability to water it," Abrahams said.
Absolutely, Ilica assured him. That's one way to get your vitamins.
"I use samples and loops under a more traditional folk sound. This new album will be more stripped down and more acoustic instruments, string arrangements and that type of thing. Previous releases, there were some rock tracks on it, and now it's going more into folk and less into the rock world. I see this going more Jose Gonzalez, Bon Iver."
The new home, completed in April 2009, looks like it was always a part of the neighborhood. Inside, the house has an easy flow and is spacious without being ostentatious. A neutral color palette, beautiful dark hardwood floors and plenty of white woodwork complete the look.
Eleven House members from five Northwest states voted in favor of the gun measure Wednesday, while seven opposed it.
"We're spending on the order of $10 million just to facilitize the building," Harris said. "That's not something one would walk away from lightly."
Local vets and their supporters, who have been pushing for the home for more than two decades, also waited decades for the nearby Northern California Veterans Cemetery, which finally opened in 2005.
The Amalgamated Transit Union, a labor organization that represents more than 200,000 transit workers statewide, said today they want Maurice Young, 26, to face attempted murder charges in the Oct. 22 attack on NJ Transit driver Ihab Abounaja.
Solinsky, on the other hand, has had an active early season. He set the U.S. record in the 10,000 at the Payton Jordan Cardinal Invitational, then ran a sub-13-minute 5,000 (12:56.66) last month at the Diamond League meet in Oslo.
Data released by the Energy Information Administration in March shows that crude oil production on public lands onshore was at its highest level since 2003.
<U+0095> Barry Zito
Gunshots fired on Oak Street, in Bridgeton, one block from Broad Street and one block from West Commerce Street?
U.S. officials say that in most cases the Afghans who turn their guns on their supposed allies are motivated not by sympathy for the Taliban or on orders from insurgents but rather act as a result of personal grievances against the coalition.
This was Fister<U+0092>s first start against the Mariners since they traded him and since-departed right-hander David Pauley to the Tigers for four young players late last July.
The Liberty built a 39-34 halftime lead thanks to hot shooting from forwards Nicole Powell and Sidney Spencer. But the Liberty’s turnovers — 10 in the first half alone — kept them from going on an extended run. And after playing 37 minutes Thursday, Pondexter had trouble getting into any kind of rhythm.
With the Devils playing without their top scorer, Clarkson was moved up to the right side on the top line in Kovalchuk's spot.
The Aldridge-Love matchup does, however, highlight one of the many debates when the coaches voting is revealed. Many, like Blazers coach Nate McMillan, consider the record of the player's team when making selections.
Davies said she and her family were grateful of the support and efforts of authorities and volunteers who searched for any clues relating to Civile’s disappearance. Despite water temperatures in the lower 50s, she was holding out hope that Civile, a Cranford High School graduate who is employed at Trader Joe’s in Westfield, was still alive.
Matheussen said there are some positives by taking vehicles off the roads and the bridges.
Claire A. Robling R 35 Y
The "Wild Weather Reporter" event is offered today from 2 to 4 p.m. Space is limited, and a sign-up is required. The exhibit is free with paid admission. Hours are from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Museum admission is $15.75 for those 13 and older, $11.50 for ages 2 to 12 and for seniors ages 65 and older. The center is at 222 Jersey City Blvd., Liberty State Park, Jersey City. Call (201) 200-1000 or visit lsc.org.
“Basically, case managers can be helpful anywhere someone has a need to engage in health care,” she said.
That chef, as it turned out, is David Timney, who knows the neighborhood from his days at Kreis' and whose career dates back to one of Balaban's early incarnations. That explains the presence of a Balaban's staple and Timney creation, chocolate fritters ($6.95), on the dessert menu. The mid-dark melted chocolate inside was very good, but we were more taken with chocolate-cherry bread pudding ($6.95), which had an excellent, not-too-sweet balance of the chocolate and cherry flavors and a texture closer to cake than to bread pudding.
WINDSOR, Ontario -- Last month, Bob Dechert, a senior aide to Canada's foreign minister, was dispatched to Detroit with an important diplomatic mission: to stop a highly-annoying noise.
Josh Orne singled out one mother in particular for her quick actions Jill Leahy immediately jumped into the water and helped pulled students out, he recalled.
McLaughlin said the State Forest Service was more focused on gaining control of the fire.
TRENTON — The Christie administration is trying to figure out how to keep urban enterprise zones chugging along while saving money by yanking the program’s funding, a cabinet official said today.
The 50-win Bulls are heading home early a year after they reached the conference finals.
However, McCarthy did say he and his family are having fun watching Driver's dancing.
"These two defendants may have been involved in a previous criminal incident in Jersey City," he said. "Nothing has definitely been ascertained as of now."
To: Reese, Mike; Commissioner Saltzman; Westerman, Scott; Leonard, Randy; maxinebernstein@news.oregonian.com; jpitkin@wweek.com; Auditor, IPR Mail; nycbrennan@comcast.net
The Ward of the State Coyotes, Blues and Predators have become Exhibits A, B and C for the Players’ Association when the Board puts its hand out for givebacks the league has no legitimate reason to receive.
Despite that optimism, international efforts to prosecute leaders have been spotty at best. Slobodan Milosevic died in his cell before a verdict could be reached on charges of fomenting the Balkan wars. Moammar Gadhafi was killed by rebels last year before he could be turned over for trial. Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is defying attempts to arrest him on genocide charges.
On two separate occasions, pasta was served boiled well past al dente. For a kitchen otherwise so well-tuned, flabby linguine reads like a thumb smear on a skillfully brushed painting. In the final analysis, and in context with the mistreated lamb, it was an error grave enough to lose them a fourth star.
"We have what the world, and particularly the rapidly growing economies of Asia, want - iron ore, energy and minerals," said Colin Barnett, the premier of Western Australia state, which is at the heart of the new boom.
Romney is right when he says that what women really care about is the economy. But he shouldn't get drawn into debating on the terms of an Obama re-election campaign desperate to play demographic small ball and elevate distractions over the big issues: an unaffordable and dubiously constitutional health-care law, an 8.2 percent unemployment rate, a $14 trillion debt. In this case, the high road is the best road. If Romney's vision for the country's future is compelling enough, the women's vote will take care of itself.
So it was with New England's Narragansett ("Grab a 'Gansett!"), New York's Rheingold, and the host of beers once brewed in Cincinnati, including Hudepohl ("Hudy"), Schoenling (maker of Little Kings Cream Ale), Burger and Wiedemann. Stroh's was a cult beer on the East Coast when it couldn't be had there.
Veterinarian Janine Cianciolo, known as "Dr. C," readied the big kiddie pool the aquarium uses for an ER. She lacked dolphin baby formula, but sent head trainer Abby Stone to Publix for 10 cartons of goat's milk.
I’ll be back in Africa. Also, Lake Como, one of the most beautiful places in the world.
Basil Abuisba says the gifted education programs in Rockwood School District have changed his life.
There are several reasons.
And their winning and losing margins in those games have matched the trend.
Mourdock's best opportunity to distinguish himself came when Terry Shumaker, an Indianapolis clergyman and educator, asked how each would best represent the interests of Indiana.
The law allows you to use that force without fear of being charged or sued.
Akers knows that life can be unfair — a trusted business partner and friend nearly bankrupted his family when the man swindled them out of $3.7 million in a Ponzi scheme between 2007 and ’09. Akers was in court during the preseason, testifying in front of a federal jury.
That didn't surprise Beytin, who said, "Teachers never do it for the money. It is like an artist. ... For teachers and people in education it is to make a difference."
Jim and Towle Bundschu decided the only way to earn premium prices for their cooler-climate Sonoma County fruit was to reopen the family winery business that had been closed for more than five decades. Thanks largely to Walter Bundschu's efforts in the worst of times, the family still owns 300 acres of estate vineyards in southern Sonoma Valley, bordering the Carneros appellation.
“They have to understand what’s going on,” Reyes said. “They have to feel happy about it, if I win the batting title. I did that for the team, for the fans, too.”
Smell: Pumpkin-scented scene in the H.R. Bloodengutz Presents: Holidays of Horror haunted house
In an e-mail through Mac Murray, the group explained the newspaper's futility in finding people:
One such person was Monsignor Martin B. Hellriegel, a St. Louis pastor. Steeped in the worship of the church, Hellriegel was not just a liturgist but a practitioner whose approach to worship connected prayer in the home and in the parish church.
NWDA leaders planned the meeting in order to gather ideas from the public on how to handle what is expected to be a large influx of people and vehicles to neighborhoods around the park. NWDA could use comments made at the meeting to make a recommendation to city officials. The city has the final say in what plans are put in place.
Club Prana
"A good night's sleep and having pleasant dreams boosts productivity and is essential for psychological and physical well-being," Wiseman told the Daily Record when he announced the experiment at the Edinburgh International Science Festival on Tuesday. “Despite this, we know very little about how to influence dreams. This experiment aims to change that.”
While the rioters have run off with goods every teen wants — new sneakers, bikes, electronics and leather goods — they also have torched stores apparently just to see something burn. They were left virtually unchallenged in several neighborhoods, and when police did arrive they often were able to flee quickly and regroup.
Lyle Lovett, Aug. 25, $39-$75. On sale at 10 a.m. today. Live Nation.
Today, she and her husband, Ben Bohannon, operate what they call their "not-just-for-profit" enterprise, Sseko Designs, Uganda's largest footwear exporter. It makes unusually versatile, handcrafted sandals sold through about 100 retailers and online globally. Profits pay for academically promising but financially stressed Ugandan women to attend college while boosting that east African country's turbulent economy.
Saturday night: Partly cloudy. Slight shower or storm chance. Low 62.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says on its website that the front-seat belt webbing may not be secured properly to a lap belt anchor on the side of the seat near the doors.
A survey of voters on Twitter and Facebook earlier this week found that while most Democrats either were sticking with their party or sitting out the election, there are a few who admit they'll be backing Lugar.
As gifted as its actors are — perhaps because they are — “Blue Valentine” is a fairly depressing proposition. It’s not giving anything away to say that this is not a film that ends with a stammered public apology and a final embrace as a pop song plays and the end credits role. (If someone suggests this as a date movie, be warned.)
Ms. Moellering says she is skeptical about the popularity of clashing prints arriving so soon. "There's a huge amount of the consuming public that is just getting the color memo. Prints are much more subjective than color," she says. "It's a harder sell."
"A few (band members) were intimidated by the talent and level of musicianship of our guests," said Auktyon's leader, Leonid Fedorov. "But I felt this fear would bring out the best in them, it would mobilize them to create something that they don't even realize they are capable of.
About 60 percent of students who enroll in Oregon public universities as freshmen earn a degree within six years.
PARSIPPANY — A former employee of a Parsippany mortgage lender, who admitted taking $138,402 in illegitimate proceeds of multiple home sales as a result of a mortgage fraud scheme, was sentenced Tuesday to 21 months in prison, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.
Last year, 18 percent of U.S. high school graduates passed at least one AP exam (by scoring 3 or higher on a scale of 1 to 5), up from 11 percent a decade ago.
3. The whole “Tebowing” thing? We can handle it.
U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson ruled late Tuesday in favor of the NCAA.
Kaplowitz, 85, kept to himself when he first arrived a year ago, reading in his room and watching television. But Houck got him to sit with Ladine's group at lunch one day.
those decisions may not have been popular, but I will tell you what: I
There's no longer any hint of imminent repairs. The message in that? Somebody forgot about this problem and needed a reminder.
"With Google Doc, you can see who did what revision and if you didn't like it you can revert it back," said Kelly Kuntz, Beaverton School District administrator for instructional technology.
And that it has daily specials? For example, milk is $1.59 a gallon on Mondays and kids toys are 20% off on Tuesdays.
One of the most vocal opponents of Kehoe's bill has been Noranda, an aluminum smelter company in southeast Missouri, where Crowell and Mayer live. Noranda is Ameren's largest customer and is a key financial contributor to the Fair Energy Rate Action Fund, a coalition of various Ameren consumers.
KMOX program director Steve Moore credited his station's coverage of last month's tornados, as well as the Cards, to the rise.
Douglas County Physicians and Oregon Trial Lawyers Association PACs, $1,500
His family barely communicates without yelling, and his relationship with them bleeds into our home life.
Last week against the Rams, the Browns had the ball at the St. Louis 10 late in the second half, but tight end Evan Moore was flagged for a facemask penalty that pushed the ball back to the 25. The Browns got a Phil Dawson field goal as the half expired that made it 10-9 Rams.
Of course, such pay sounds great for employees. But, in effect, it would steal the city aid from their bosses -- and without that help, some businesses would never get off the ground.
"The Red Riding Trilogy"
Last August, the teenage troupe presented a well-received "Twelfth Night" that attracted a large number of high school-age contemporaries to Bowie Playhouse. Annapolis Shakespeare Company will offer its second series of four performances of "Romeo and Juliet" April 12, 13 and 14.
The city and transit authority are counting on the visibility of the park-and-ride lot and the regularity of service to attract new transit riders from Rosemount.
Foehner followed Villeggiante's vehicle to the Russell and Gooch Funeral Chapel in Mill Valley. Russell and Gooch has a contract with the county, too. Marin has no morgue, so bodies go to Russell and Gooch for holding. A pathologist, also under contract with the county, performs autopsies there. And loved ones contact the mortuary to arrange for transportation or burial services.
Kwon’s nomination has been under a cloud since The Star-Ledger disclosed that federal authorities last year accused the wine and liquor store owned by his wife and mother of chopping more than $2 million into 222 bank deposits to avoid scrutiny by the Internal Revenue Service.
Special-counsel spokeswoman Ann O'Hanlon would not comment on the investigation. In general, she said, the issuance of a subpoena doesn't always mean that an agency did not comply with a records request.
Hottinger's claim was that Thomas fled the state "literally on his death bed, to avoid the estate tax." That clearly isn't the case, unless he lingered 20 years before dying. And at that, it would have been three years too soon.
Giants 23, Patriots 20
I was prepared to walk away from the money, but why should they keep my $40 and the practice outfit, plus my $100 for a costume they didn't order? I feel they should honor their promise to refund my $140.
921 Robin Rd., $252,000
Heyman reported the Angels would absorb almost all of Abreu's $9 million salary.
Viewed from the water, from underneath, the bridges are spectacular, each a unique personality with its own profile, identity and history. To think, avid rowers enjoy this show every time they go out.
The "everything" refers to the batter, which is stirred in one bowl without a mixer and takes less than 15 minutes to prepare. The cake can be stored for several days or frozen. This rich, delicious cake is ideal for a party, picnic, potluck, brunch, lunch, dinner or tea.
"NJEA members make these endorsement decisions and they have made it clear that they will not endorse legislators who have impaired their right to collectively bargain and who have imposed thousands of dollars of additional costs on public employees," the union president, Barbara Keshishian, said. "Our members refuse to give precious resources and their own time to campaign for legislators who hurt them and their families."
In 1973, Cavano ran for the City Club board. In keeping with club custom, he campaigned facetiously.
The Stones mark their 50th anniversary as a band this year, but have yet to announce any activities to commemorate the occasion. Various band members have been quoted saying they'd like to prepare for a tour next year.
"Marlon taught me a lot on defense," Campana said. "There were different things to look at when you're in the outfield to get better jumps and take better reads. I appreciate it 100 percent. He told me any time I have a question to give him a call."
“He knows how to get lined up,” Osborne said. “That’s more than the freshmen do. That’s a big deal in our offense, because we don’t sit in a huddle and call a formation and a play, and they can process all that information as they’re walking up to the line of scrimmage.”
She will play for The Indianapolis Star Indiana Junior All-Stars against the senior All-Stars in two exhibition games in June.
"The intent is to get the community out riding bikes, discovering other parts of Noblesville that perhaps they may have not seen before."
That plan worked fairly well in practice (right down to the early goal), as FCD stymied Sporting on Sunday for 45 minutes. Sporting seemed to accept the snail's pace (made worse by a little post-tackle gamesmanship by Blas Perez and Daniel Hernandez on more than one occasion) dropping off into a very defensive 4-1-4-1 for the first 25 minutes.
Alexander said HP's gain was Dell's loss.
President Barack Obama's re-election team confirmed details of the visit this afternoon. An Ohio campaign official told The Plain Dealer that the event will be the first in a series of campaign trips the vice president makes "to begin framing the core issues of the general election."
Sorgi hasn't played since 2009.
At its core, the flight to classier blockbusters is also about insecurity: when in doubt, flee to quality. Studios are having a hard time reading what the audience wants. Animation is not as infallible as it has been. Stars are not delivering, as evidenced by "The Tourist" and "How Do You Know," a Reese Witherspoon film that moviegoers ignored. The sequel strategy still seems to be paying - "Iron Man 2," "The Twilight Saga: Eclipse" - until you notice flops like "Cats and Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore."
The yen, which appreciated and eroded the value of Japanese exports in 2010 and 2011, has reversed course by becoming the worst-performing major currency during 2012.
The spring line will include 35 different styles. Another 100 styles will be offered this fall, including products aimed at women, who make up more of the training market than men, according to RYU executives.
It is difficult to get the hellhounds to pay attention to the television. Lucy will at least give it a look. Her all-time favorite show was "The Wire." That was about drug dealing in Baltimore. Often there were dogs barking in the background. She'd bark back. Then the hellhounds would bark, but they were just barking because their leader was barking. I doubt they could tell "The Wire" from "The Jeffersons."
The Indians have three veteran catchers in the minors in Luke Carlin, Paul Phillips and Michel Hernandez, but they are not on the 40-man roster.
Not so long ago, the plan had life: The St. Paul Saints and the University of Minnesota would combine to build one $25 million baseball stadium.
Syracuse lost to Cincinnati in the Big East tournament Friday.
Trageser said he mentioned the Major League Fishing format to another local angler. While familiar with it, the angler was lukewarm to the concept.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Could the Buffalo Bills at No. 10 be a potential trade partner for the Browns?
And count on Timothy for a ballad or three
His swing, taught to him by a father who knows something about golf, looked good during Tuesday’s U.S. Open local qualifier at Summergrove Golf Club in Newnan. Nelson hit all 14 fairways, missed only four greens — just one badly — but couldn’t find the range with his long putter.
"I never in my life thought I would agree with Bob Filner, but I do, he's right," Voepel said.
"I always felt we had a deal," the mayor said. "They felt they had a different scenario. They felt the (revenue) numbers were aggressive for AEG (the planned arena operator) and the NBA, and those were all things he told me to my face."
The CVS Pharmacy that opened at Pine Lake Road and Illinois State Route 159 this spring was built in a new business district created to spark development. Businesses there are charged a fee that's used to improve the area.
"It's a show of the Kremlin irritation about the U.S. deployment to Georgia. It's a signal to the United States: you have broken into our zone of influence, and we will show you that we can enter yours," said independent military analyst Alexander Golts.
"Good Deeds," the latest movie from writer-director Tyler Perry, opened to a decent $16 million. It's the second-smallest opening ever for the prolific filmmaker and actor, ahead of only 2007's "Daddy's Little Girls."
"We had a full house for Mexico-Ecuador, and we parked everybody on-site," says VanDeVeen. "We'll have no problem handling Bon Jovi."
As an example of just how phony the surcharge is, let's take a closer look at the figures. The fine print says that the price of a "land only" hotel/touring package, without any airfare, is $1,099. Subtract the land only price from the supposed land-plus-air price and you're left with $100 as the base airfare. Now, do you, does the tour operator, or does anybody else really think that if the price of fuel dropped from the present figure around $3 a gallon back to the 1979 to 2005 range around $1 a gallon, Air France would actually sell you a round-trip from Newark to Paris for $100? The sad part of this scam is that the real fare, of $520, is a good deal, without any trickery.
Cooper's devastated parents, Linette Cooper and Lonzo Sullins, sat in the court benches and as the defendant was led away in handcuffs he told his parents he didn't do it. "Tell them that," his mother replied.
Wisniewski also said the state is blaming its financial ills on public sector workers, which he said were caused by deregulation of the financial industry and “the absolute greed of Wall Street.
Other forms of payment, including electronic debits from checking accounts, aren't covered by this law.
Two months later, in July 2008, Stafford was arrested after he and his friends broke into a rental property and were found by the owner hanging out and smoking inside. The owner said the men had damaged the home and stolen three bottles of wine.
The traditional Catholic universities — Seton Hall, Villanova, Georgetown, Marquette, DePaul, St. John’s and Providence — could be left in limbo if the league begins breaking apart along football lines. However two people with knowledge of those schools’ line of thinking said that the Catholic universities would stick together to hold the league intact and potentially reform as a basketball-only conference. The individuals, who requested anonymity because they did not want to speak publicly for the other universities, said that they could foresee adding other high-profile, basketball-only programs to round out the league.
It comes with two chairs (additional chairs can be purchased separately) that measure 11 1/2 inches long by 11 3/4 inches wide and 21 1/2 inches high. Made from solid wood, the simple square shape and natural shade will make an effortless fit for the respective digs of both boys and girls.
“It is counterintuitive that the Air National Guard, which comprises 21% of the uniformed members of the Total Air Force, would bear 59% of the total aircraft cuts and approximately six times the per capita personnel cuts, especially in light of our country’s current and foreseeable fiscal posture,” the generals wrote. “The Air National Guard has the highest experience levels in the total force, the lowest base operating expenses and by far the lowest life cycle costs (including lower retirement and medical costs).”
Otis def. Fleming, 20-25, 20-25, 25-13, 25-11, 15-6
He was on the floor in a small practice room at the Opera Center <U+0097> the Lyric Opera's gleaming new rehearsal studio and production facility at 18th and Charlotte streets <U+0097> as a visitor arrived for a scheduled interview, but Luskin assured his guest that there was no cause for alarm.
The EPA is still providing drinking water to three homes where prior tests showed contamination. A second round of tests is under way, regulators said.
Memorable advice: "Practice like you play, play like you practice." -- Cleve Nyberg
The second “expanding” approach puts faith in the thought that “every child has some good in them” and adapts to allow the individual students to fulfill their potential.
When he settled on his stage persona over 25 years ago, all of the components of his act jelled, he said.
"He can make all the throws, his release times are perfect, and we pay a lot of attention to that. It's arm speed and getting rid of it. His velocity is good. It's just a matter of, like any other NFL football player, you've got to feel good," Cutcliffe said. "He's in great shape. Not good shape, great shape, and that's part of what we did here as well."
Todd Pletcher’s best prospects may be Uncle Mo and Stay Thirsty in the Classic. Around Churchill, a strong sentiment is running against Uncle Mo. They don’t like him. Chief among them is retired top jockey Jerry Bailey, who said, “Uncle Mo is by Indian Charlie, he doesn’t want to go a mile and a quarter. He’s been away for eight months, then a seven-eighths and a one-mile foundation. I don’t see it. I didn’t like his last two works, he was hanging out, bearing out and I never like to see that. He’s a great horse, but in this race there are too many negatives for me. He’ll have to be a Seattle Slew to overcome all this.”
much of this, citing an 1851 federal statute that limits a ship owner's legal exposure when a vessel goes down. Transocean argues that its exposure should be about $27 million, the current value of the sunken rig.
“They don’t feel safe. The streets are dangerous,” Shields said. “So they stay in the house an play with their cellphones.”
Donald R. Kubly, a former president of Art Center College of Design who presided over its move from Los Angeles to a custom-built campus in the Pasadena foothills, died of natural causes Thursday at his home near the school. He was 93.
And a handful noted that despite their own relatively good fortune in 2009, they were compelled to address economic setbacks experienced by their employees' kin.
One month after the wildfire that killed his wife, leveled his home, destroyed his keepsakes, blackened multiple parcels of land he had hoped to sell and decimated his livelihood, Scott Appel sat before a committee of lawmakers Monday and told them to take responsibility.
It was like two completely different pizzas, with the typical lava flow of aged mozzarella on one half and the dappled white and red collage of fresh mozzarella on the other. The aged mozzarella made the pizza heavy and flabby on one side, while the other side was light and crispy.
The Garden State Journalists Association will sponsor the fourteenth annual Maureen Roscelli Memorial Scholarship for college juniors majoring in journalism, media, or communications. To qualify for the scholarship a student must reside in New Jersey, plan a career in communications, and be a college junior in good academic standing. An applicant must submit a letter of 300-500 words describing background and career goals, and list home address and telephone number, extracurricular activities, and the name and address of the high school from which the applicant graduated. Letters must be typed and double-spaced. The deadline for application is Wednesday, April 4. The scholarship will be presented at the Annual Awards Dinner of the Garden State Journalists Association on Thursday, May 24 at the Chart House Restaurant in Weehawken. Forward applications to Ellen Wayman-Gordon Executive Director, GSJA Memorial Journalism Award Foundation, 1287 Inwood Terrace, Fort Lee, New Jersey 07024.
In a consent order in April, the Fed and other regulators required Bank of America and other servicers to improve their "deficient" practices or face stiff penalties.
A second later, the banter stops.
øChizik, Mullen and Fisher weren't the only coaches to receive big raises. About one-quarter of the 82 public schools that retained their coaches after last season gave raises of $200,000 or more; some of those raises were built into contracts that remained unchanged. However, nine schools provided boosts of $500,000 or more to incumbent coaches via new, or amended, contracts.
While we plod up the trail, the low, gray clouds thicken, and soon thunder begins to roll around the not-so-distant peaks. As the sprinkles turn into a full-fledged rain, we pull off the trail and set up a tarp between pines. There we huddle for the next 45 minutes.
FRAUD, MARKETPLACE: Sally’s Beauty Supply reported that the store was notified on March 29 that a customer used a fraudulent credit card to purchase $720 in supplies on March 12.
The big difference was on the boards, where OU had an 8-5 edge. As the first half wound down, the Bobcats went on a 12-4 run to turn an 18-17 deficit into a 29-22 lead.
Condor, 25, will be transferred to the custody of civilian authorities, Fickel said. Ohio authorities were seeking extradition to return Condor to Cincinnati to face a charge of felonious assault.
“We're not only interested in cleaning up sites. We want to see them brought back to productive use,” said Redding before Andrew Colas, president of Colas Construction Inc., led a tour of the community center.
Soaring above the crowded California freeways in the single-engine aircraft, he'd relax, pour himself a whiskey and Seven and plan his hopscotch route to Pennsylvania. Inside the plane were 242 pounds of cocaine; outside, nothing but clouds.
"We've never entirely known why people start getting colds and flu in the fall, and experts are now looking at the link between cold and flu season and the time when we naturally lose our vitamin D stores."
But how to re-create the unstructured, almost improvisational feel of the film? It must have felt like the furthest thing from Broadway. Tiffany said the key, through an initial run in Cambridge, Mass., then an off-Broadway run and then the leap to Broadway, was to have faith in the material, in all its simplicity.
"A lot of people feel more secure because of the auto industry," he said. "But they don't feel great."
I was hoping for a few of these moments at Press. But while there is some very good food, not one item produced a culinary epiphany.
The poll comes as GM and Chrysler have returned to profitability after shedding debt, reducing labor costs and cutting manufacturing capacity. Ford, which avoided a bailout and bankruptcy, reported a $20.2-billion profit in 2011, although that was aided by a onetime accounting gain tied to tax credits from past losses. It also has added thousands of jobs.
Jain's team immersed enamel samples from extracted human teeth into three sports drinks and three energy drinks.
The Knicks never got any closer.
Montana: Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Clearwater Beach
33330 Twenty-four Mile Rd., $117,000
The result was a subpar shooting performance for Denver's potent forward — 13 points on 5-for-18 shooting in the loss. He actually missed seven of his nine attempts from inside the paint and attempted only two foul shots, making both.
23400 Arnold Drive; (707) 938-3688 or angelossmokehouse.com. Open 9 a.m.-5 p.m. daily. Sandwiches, $6-$9.
Kansas City answered with a TD, then stopped the Gladiators on downs. Dutton and his receivers were not on the same page during several plays.
The spark certainly ignited the Knights, who scored seven total runs (six earned) against Loret de Mola (0-3) in the first three innings of the contest.
“What is different about the task force is that we do ‘saturation patrols’ as opposed to static checkpoints,” Ohlin said.
Our hero is a gay man, an older gentle man, say in his late 60s (the sheriff is 69 ; I am 67, and gay). Our gentleman came of age in the 1950s and early '60s. When the majority of his peers were choosing their hetero sexual orientation, he felt confused. He laughed gamely at locker room jests and boasts, but never felt clued in. He went through the clumsiness of dating girls, and found it forever awkward.
Jonah Goldberg is editor-at-large of National Review Online and a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. His email is JonahsColumn@aol.com. Twitter: @JonahNRO.
However, after both teams missed shots on possession, Shawn Marion cut to the basket, and Terry found him for a layup with 15.9 seconds left, and the game went to overtime.
In February, advocates held a rally in Jefferson City for Nathan's Law and Sam Pratt's Law that showcased onesies for every baby known to have died in child care from 2007 through the first seven months of last year.
<U+0095> Police say Detroit running back Mikel Leshoure was caught chewing marijuana during a recent traffic stop in southwestern Michigan.
Over the years, Simpson has cared for a number of people with cancer, giving them the chance to spend their final weeks and days at home.
Big-box retailers fell. Analysts have been concerned that some stores raised holiday sales with deep discounts that will hurt profits. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. fell 1.1 percent, making it the second-biggest decliner among the Dow's 30 stocks. Target Corp. fell 2.2 percent and Kohl's Corp. fell 1.4 percent.
As the "dog days" of August slip away into cooler September weather, the swim gear and ball gloves are stowed in the garage, replaced with basketballs, football pads and hockey sticks.
San Diego took a 1-0 lead on Yonder Alonso's RBI single with two outs in the second and was poised to add on when it got runners to second and third with no outs in the third. Wieland singled for his first big league hit and advanced on Chris Denorfia's double to center. But Wolf struck out Jesus Guzman and retired Chase Headley and Nick Hundley to end the threat.
"You're never sure," he said. "You run the plays out of the formations they've used the most, you throw in some tricks to keep your guys on guard, and you throw in some plays that have hurt you in the past. But you never really know.
—Wayne Janaszek, Milwaukee
This financial crisis we are currently facing did not occur overnight. It began several years ago and has been steadily worsening. The time for action is now. After you recite the pledge of allegiance, take a moment to read the words on the sign that is proudly displayed on the wall behind the American flag. It reads "San Miguel Fire Protection District". Remember the oath that you took and the promise that was made to the residents you represent. Please look closely at the budget items you are voting on and remember the most vital responsibility of this board and the management of this department is to "Put out the fire"!
Hermosillo faces 25 years to life in prison if convicted.
Johnson told reporters Tuesday that he wants to be "actively involved" in trying to persuade the city's public safety unions to agree to contribute to their pensions. Faced with a $15.7 million deficit, city budget officials said nearly 100 police officers and firefighters will be laid off if those workers don't pay the full share of the employee contribution of their Cal-PERS retirement plans. The city would continue to pay the employer share.
Albanese’s husband, Richard, has been repairing bicycles in his spare time since February. Richard, an avid cyclist, does everything from polishing frames to cannibalizing some bikes for parts.
It passed street corners where little boys rode on bikes.
The Oregon Anti-Crime Alliance made a last-minute bid to shape the commission's recommendations when its president, Salem attorney Kevin Mannix, called DeMuniz at home Wednesday evening. The final report included minor changes offered by Mannix's group.
Three Chardon High School students, Daniel Parmertor, 16, Demetrius Hewlin, 16, and Russell King Jr., 17, were killed on Feb. 27. Two others were shot. Joy Rickers, 18, was released from the hospital, and Nickolas Walczak, 17, is undergoing intensive rehabilitation for his wounds that left him with no feeling in his legs. A sixth student, junior Nate Mueller, was grazed in the ear by a bullet.
Cork: 317 Johnson St. (at Bridgeway), Sausalito; (415) 332-2975. 4-11 p.m. Monday, Wednesday-Friday, 11 a.m.-11 p.m. Saturday-Sunday. Credit cards accepted. Easy street parking. Serves light fare.
Like most grocery stores offer, Wegmans has a shoppers club card. While the card won't lower the price of your purchase, the card does track your purchase history so the store can mail you coupons, Menu magazine and other promotional materials. Customers are encouraged to pre-register for the card online (wegmans.com), but kiosks will be set up for the store's opening day to assist in the signing up process. A club card isn't needed to shop at Wegmans. As of Wednesday, 18,000 people in the area had signed up.
But five knee surgeries and just 82 games later, fans also might consider it a fitting exit.
At-grade crossings, with stoplights and turn signals for the crossing streets, were added at Third Street and Fifth Street, on either side of Raley Field. Drivers who used to travel at freeway speeds today must obey a 35 mph speed limit.
Lindenwood
AppFog's previous backers include another Seattle firm, Madrona Venture Group, which led Wednesday's round for Cedexis. Launched two years ago, the company's services help very large organizations maintain global websites and cloud computing networks.
It proved costly, as Jon Willie reached base for an RBI single and the Knights' first lead of the game.
Defending Shurmur, who has not exactly been Riverboat Sam with the Kardiac Kids in appeal this season, is not popular. But it is also proper.
Clark and Calamar were best friends. Like kids with mischief in mind, they would sneak through holes in the fences late at night during gym construction to snap photos and daydream.
With just six seniors on this roster and one freshman and two sophomores, this season could be the start of something truly special down the road.
That ugly, this-candidate-is-up-one-day-and-down-the-next GOP nominating war is one reason for optimism among liberals. The Republican contenders have bloodied each other, dominated the headlines with what at times seems like mutually assured-destruction tactics and damaged public perceptions of them.
"It's like they went to the farmer's market and picked up some tomatoes and corn -- and a brand-new car," marveled Fred Christ, who helps regulate cable TV for the Metropolitan Area Communications Commission in Washington County.
At the plate. Life looked sweet for the Rockies when Michael Cuddyer hit a grand slam in the first inning, the sixth of his career. Carlos Gonzalez (4-for-4) hit a two-run double in the second. Wilin Rosario had the first multi-homer game of his career, crushing a two-run shot in the fifth and adding a solo homer in the seventh.
Apollo Kids. I like it better than Fishscale; I think it's his best album since Supreme Clientele. But you didn't hear anything about it, because the musical calendar flips around December 7. The Committee to Restore Rational Top Ten List Practices would like you to call this toll free number. For only pennies a day, the price of a cup of coffee, rappers like Ghostface can have new hope and a Banana Nutriment. Please, make a difference in the life of someone special.
Still, he said, "I was expecting we would have multiple (flight) cancellations from San Francisco on an hourly basis. It was almost a nonevent compared with what we thought it would be."
Jan. 2-7 — Qatar ExxonMobil Open, HO (Jo-Wilfried Tsonga)
The 10th no-hitter in club history comes at a time when the Angels are beginning to show signs of a turnaround after finishing 8-15 in the month of April.
It's a free, one-year, nonmedical residential program, with six-month inpatient and six-month outpatient treatment. During the first half-year, residents work only at the center, follow strict rules, worship together and attend Bible classes. After they graduate to the adaptation program, the center helps them find a job in the community, and they begin to pay off fines or debts and learn to live without supervision.
"It's as surprising to me as it is to everybody else," Vick said midway through his revival season. "But at the end of the day, I knew I had the talent and what it took to win football games. I just needed an opportunity."
The proposal by the Department of Natural Resources, which combines a series of new monitoring and enforcement measures, is on a fast track to implementation before the start of the gill net season Dec. 1.
Forward Elton Brand led Philadelphia with 20 points and nine rebounds. Williams had 19 points off the bench.
Imagine what you and I could do with one day in which we didn't have to bind ourselves to a numbered date, one day with no prescribed obligations, no appointments, no work, no boss, no meetings, no mail, no media programming. That day would be a get-out-of-jail-free card, a day with a blank slate, a day of unordered possibilities, a day wiped clean.
Melinda Doolittle, a finalist on "American Idol' in 2007, soared on "Wonderful."
A touch screen or old-fashioned buttons might be preferable. It's particularly annoying that the joystick didn't have a "back" function.
On the issues, all three are opposed to changing pensions for current public employees. Hurley and Hodorowicz want the state's temporary income tax increase to expire in 2014 as planned. Martin wrote in his questionnaire that he wants a "thorough assessment" before making any decision. During his Sun-Times interview, he said that the state needs the revenue.
Russo was found dead Dec. 16 after relatives, who were concerned when he never came home, went to the deli. Police said he was killed the day before, sometime after the shop closed at 7 p.m.
"It's a close-knit neighborhood," Tarr said. "We don't want it changed. It'll look like a Plaid Pantry stuck in a neighborhood."
But public safety, I believe, is being eroded right before our eyes. Desperate shell games, smoke and mirrors, and traffic cameras are increasingly being used to perpetuate the notion of safety.
"They work their own locations and at their own pace," Albright said.
Armijo has yet to make a final determination on whether New Mexico's statute is constitutional. Crow said the case could take up to five months, and the outcome could affect countless out-of-state outfitters as well as hunters.
Video showed heavy black smoke rising from a building Tuesday just as another shell hit. "Duma is being shelled," a man says breathlessly in the video.
In 2010, Boler says, the Minneapolis Public Housing Authority began meeting with resident councils about the idea of going smoke-free. There are now four buildings with a total of 220 units where smoking is banned, including the new Thomas T. Feeney Manor for 48 assisted-living residents.
It was why Jahn decided not to attended public school football powerhouse Peoria Centennial and attend the tiny private school.
The challenge of finding a leader is magnified when the organization has a specific niche, such as the arts, he said.
For the batter:
Political: U.S. Senate, 1997-present; Oregon Senate, 1992-1997; state Senate president, 1995-1997
Vocalist Gregory Generet is an exceptionally swinging and creative interpreter of jazz song. The tender yet firmly focused timbre of his voice brings to mind Johnny Hartman in his prime. Generet performs at Shanghai Jazz in Madison this Sunday from 6 to 8:30 p.m.; expect him to perform highlights from his 2008 CD (re) generet-ion, which includes standards such as “Angel Eyes” and “How High The Moon,” as well as surprises such as Van Morrison’s “Moon Dance.” No cover, with a $15 minimum; visit shanghaijazz.com.
Bring on the snorers, I say.
The size and appearance of the abnormality will dictate patient follow-up, said Dr. Robert “Chip” Gilkeson, director of cardiothoracic imaging at UH and professor of radiology at CWRU School of Medicine.
He did play defensive back and came up with an interception late in the game. Grigsby then returned to the backfield and carried the ball three times for 23 yards and a touchdown.
Edwardsville had the tying run at the plate in Taylor Maggio in the seventh with a runner on first and two outs. But Stoszkus got her to bounce out to short to end the contest.
"I want progress," Bealefeld said. "At the end of the day, I don't have time for excuses. The mayor and the people of the city should expect that the homicide clearance rate improves."
<U+0093>We don<U+0092>t have medals to put on their chests,<U+0094> said Nancy Guyott, president of the Indiana State AFL-CIO. <U+0093>But we do honor the local heroes just the same.<U+0094>
"A strong field organization does not appear to have been a priority for the campaign," said one operative in Ohio who did not want to be identified while critiquing the campaign. "I think that is something they are hoping for the party or other organizations to provide."
"We have asked them whether wheat supply from other countries is entirely free from disease," an Indian food ministry official said.
Indianapolis attorney John Razumich is a regular customer at Hometown Comics who said he has attended Free Comic Book Day in the past and plans to return again.
"I'm pretty good at hooking it," said Watson, perhaps the game's most imaginative at shaping shots. "And it ended up close to the hole."
Look at the prime candidates for pulling the chute:
"I think they should do something different for punishment," said Moronta, 19, who was written up for fighting and ultimately left Edison for night school. "Suspension doesn't help. You don't get an education."
When you enter the restaurant, you'll see a side table filled with beautiful stemware, including a set that looks like decanters on stems. I'm not sure what they're used for, but even if you order a $30 bottle of wine - and there are plenty to choose from - the wine service is impeccable.
The Land Conservancy of New Jersey announced that a $1.9 million agricultural easement was purchased on March 23 that will permanently preserve the 47-acre farm on Todd Avenue, which has been a working farm since the early 1700s. Today, Dower Farm is primarily a Christmas Tree farm. Owners Mark and Anne van den Bergh said they were extremely grateful to the Land Conservency of New Jersey, the borough of Peapack-Gladstone and Somerset County for helping secure the funding to preserve their land. “For years I have hoped that this land, so loved my mother and grandmother, and indeed by my entire family, could be saved from development and kept in it’s open state now and in the future,” Anne van den Bergh said. “Today I am so grateful and happy that my wish has come true. The process has been a long one, and its successful outcome has been the product of many hands and much work over the last few years.”
Analysts are predicting that consumers will borrow more in the months ahead, responding to the strengthening economy, a brighter outlook for jobs and the tax cut. But they said the increases will likely be gradual.
Regulators also dropped a proposal to require that airlines include their customer-service promises in their legal contracts with passengers. While it sounds bureaucratic, consumer groups say it will be an important step in forcing airlines to live up to their promises.
Saturday is Arbor Day, and the city will mark the occasion with a tree planting at 10 a.m. at Lions Park, 1204 157th Av. NE.
"She was just a sweet and happy girl," Walp said.
Turns out that it doesn't seem to matter which kind you choose -- dark, extra-dark or milk. Eating this delectable dessert regularly could cut your risk of a heart attack by 37 percent, of a stroke by 29 percent and even of diabetes by a startling 29 percent.
Even casual fans pull over to the side of the road, hanging on every word.
On Twitter: @CLEvideos
If I were a political consultant - and I find myself saying that a lot in campaign years - I would have had Romney hop the next flight to tell the real truth to an East St. Louis audience.
We open with that earnest twosome, Peter (Fred Armisen) and Nance (Carrie Brownstein) on Sunday morning. Nance wants to act on impulse, and go try the marionberry pancakes at Fisherman's Porch. Peter is indecisive, which drives Nance to distraction.
Athletes Clay Matthews (Green Bay Packers), Wes Welker (New England Patriots) and DeMarcus Ware (Dallas Cowboys) try on the new Depend Real Fit briefs under their football pants. Their participation supports the V Foundation for Cancer Research organization, which was given $150,000 from Depend to help find a cure for prostate cancer, a leading cause of bladder-control issues in men.
Larry Benders, the first executive director of a joint county-Cleveland work force development office, has already taken over as county economic development chief.
Wearing a bright red XXXL-sized robe, the 7-foot, 1, 325-pound retired center got on one knee on stage so Dr. David M. Kopp could place a light blue hood around his big neck. O'Neal celebrated by standing up and lifting up Kopp like Tarzan rescuing Jane. The moment, which was being captured by TV cameras and student's cell phones, brought on loud cheers from the crowd.
Having covered CarGo for more than three years, I am floored by his baseball knowledge — his defensive positioning, his instincts on the bases. These conversations are in English. He's fluent, which shouldn't be overlooked.
If the demolition of a building is funded, city officials estimate it takes about five to seven months to complete the demolition process for a privately owned building; 120 days if the property is owned by the city, and 30-45 days if the building is structurally unsafe and considered an emergency demolition.
Chanukah Lunch Party: noon Dec. 23. Enjoy latkes, fun and games. Jewish Family and Children's Service Center, 1118 W. Glendale Ave., Phoenix. Free. 602-943-2198. www.jfcsaz.org.
WASHINGTON -- A determined Republican stall campaign in the Senate has sidetracked so many of the men and women nominated by President Barack Obama for judgeships that he has put fewer people on the bench than any president since Richard Nixon at a similar point in his first term 40 years ago.
"I thought the program was moving forward. It was the whole reason we compromised," Gusciora said, referring to an agreement he struck with the administration that would curb some of the components of the law that Christie said were too permissive.
Suddenly, you can't form words.
Witnesses said he was silent and expressionless before and during the shooting. One saw him in a bathroom before the shooting peering at himself in a mirror.
If the life of Ed Francis were a novel, it would start at a dry cleaners on Cherokee Street. The owner was of German descent.
Where the movie comes alive is in the interplay between Hoover and Tolson. Armie Hammer gives such a nuanced performance as Tolson that it's delightful to watch the subtle gestures and intonations that both actors bring to their conversations in the office and even more so at the race track or in restaurants.
Coaches initially planned to play Williams at small forward alongside Love. But it was ultimately decided that asking him to learn a new position and a new system would be too much, so he started the season as the backup power forward.
"To say to those of us in health care and universities . . . that we are not ministries because we don't spend all of our time evangelizing or don't hire our own," she continued, "did not respect the heritage of what hospitals and Catholic charities have contributed to the church."
"The best bet for alternative care giving is to book a cruise with family members or friends so that baby's parents can enjoy some couple time together and baby can remain on schedule for nap and feeding times," Coffman added.
With just five weeks before the presidential election, Jewish and Muslim leaders have urged the candidates not to make political capital of the killings.
Adams' office told David Douglas Superintendent Don Grotting that the mayor hopes to deliver financial help but didn't give details or say whether David Douglas teachers would be asked to make concessions as part of the deal, district spokesman Dan McCue said.
"Government should run like a business" is an oft-repeated mantra I've never fully understood. Business is about profit. If you don't make a profit, you don't stay in business. A business strives to produce its products at the lowest possible cost and successfully sell them at the highest prices allowed by the competitive market. The profit differential allows the business to grow, compensate its employees and pay dividends to stockholders. How would we apply this model to government?
Home sellers should ask their agents about the marketing plan for the house. At a minimum, a broker should post a property on a multiple-listing service (MLS) and market it online.
FIRST-DEGREE DOMESTIC ASSAULT: A man and a woman attacked another man and woman at 6:50 a.m. Sept. 25 in the 2900 block of Chippewa Street.
LeGrand has been recovering at the Kessler Institute in West Orange. He has movement in his shoulders, full sensation throughout his body and has been breathing without a ventilator for the past three months. But because LeGrand’s progress has been sensory, and not motor, the status of his spinal injury has not changed.
The men claim a range of medical problems stemming from their playing days, including memory loss, headaches and sleeplessness.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday launched ads supporting Dean Heller in Nevada, Dennis Rehberg in Montana, and Josh Mandel in Ohio – three Republicans who opposed the bipartisan debt compromise earlier this year.”
On Jan. 1, 2003, the mother attached a recorder to her phone and documented her daughter telling Kayfes, "Do you realize that there is not a piece of furniture in your house that I haven't had sex with you on?"
Despite decades in TV and film, despite being voted Sexiest Man Alive (twice), and despite his very public protests of the government in Sudan, George Clooney really doesn't want to talk about himself.
Hotel California, Benito Juárez e/Morelos y Márquez de León, Todos Santos, Colonia Centro; 612-145-0525; http://www.hotelcaliforniabaja.com. Eleven rooms festooned with bright colors and art, with restaurant, shop and pool on the liveliest block downtown. Rates $110-$215. Children OK.
Ladd tied it with 2:52 remaining by scoring his 28th. Bryan Little’s shot from the right point was stopped by Montoya, but the rebound kicked out in front to Ladd, who scored into a gaping net.
The Old Log has produced more than 600 plays and entertained hundreds of thousands of theater-goers over the decades. Its 625-seat theater overlooks wooded land near Lake Minnetonka, and is bordered by million-dollar lakeshore homes.
"When I was struggling with those things in the early '80s, the church didn't seem like it had a place for me," he said
Devices were installed over the last year in two schools -- Baymont Christian School in Scotts Valley and Milpitas Christian School in Milpitas
Who are these guys? I am referring of course to the Pacific Gas and Electric Company. It must be great to be in full control while remaining one of the untouchables. Lemmee e'splain.
Authorities have no suspects but stressed that Perez's killing had no apparent connection to the iconic horse race. Jo-Ann Farmer, chief deputy coroner for Jefferson County, said Monday she was withholding information pending the investigation into the death. She said the autopsy did reveal injuries on Perez's body.
Fifty-three games into a 66-game season is more than enough for a sample size. At this point, you are who you are. No need to show ID.
Q. Some off it comes down to the individuals. They think their jobs are going to India. Are they?
And the political environment in Washington has been frustrating.
If those goals are not met, city leaders said they will discuss other changes, including selling or leasing the course.
The speakers thumped. The lights flashed. And the flame-throwers roared.
On Thursday, the Treasury Department agreed to pump $30 billion more into GM if it files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization. That persuaded a group of bondholders that earlier had balked at trading $27 billion in debt for a 10 percent stake in the company to agree to a deal. Taking a 10 percent stake in a company flush with federal dollars gives them a greater chance of recouping their investments, the bondholders said.
Licensing medical innovations generates about $8 million yearly for the Clinic. More importantly, the new products profoundly affect patients' lives.
So far, Rodriguez is fulfilling his promise. Thursday, he hired Mike Parrish -- another former West Virginia and Michigan aide -- as the Wildcats' director of operations, replacing Erick Harper.
-First and foremost among them was pension and health benefit reforms.
“I’m happy the family of the deceased can now put this behind them, and I would really like to thank them for their cooperation over the past three years,” Hudson County Assistant Prosecutor John Mulkeen said after the sentencing of Darryl “D” Denmark, 23, of Orient Avenue.
Gone will be the producers and directors who currently cue up cameras and plan the sequences of video and field reports. "We're going to be doing it all," said one staffer.
For the 2009 season, Talbott remained a credentialed photographer, working the sidelines of OSU home games.
Our first stop was at a crossroad where three AVAs (American Viticultural Areas) meet. Gorham gave us a quick geography lesson on the vineyards while we took in the spread of the valley, the smell of the vines and the feel of the road, a total sensory experience that could never be achieved by car. I didn't just see the beauty of the area, I felt it.
Every little bit helps, because Henry is without a sponsor.
POR Chara Diego M $ 100,008.00 $ 143,758.00
MIBOR also said that the median sales price in March increased 8.5 percent, to $124,800, from prices a year.
Aalto's biomorphic vase and Marcel Breuer's undulating bent wood Chaise Lounge No. 313 mark exceptions to the dominant aesthetic of clean geometric forms, and by this point, ornament has all but disappeared. It does surface in a silver soup tureen by French designer Jean Puiforcat, but the source of inspiration is no longer nature, it's the machine.
Congress needs to vote this one down. Mr. Obama's claim that this latest stimulus will be fully paid for is just another myth and lie. He wants to pay for this unworkable plan by overtaxing families earning $200,000 or more annually.
Commissioner Don Brown, who voted no, said "the management of the DIA has not demonstrated the financial need to ask taxpayers for money to support its operation."
I sent the angry hotel executive this letter and the links to my previous story, along with a polite explanation that essentially said I didn't harbor any fantasies about being the next Woodward or Bernstein. (Actually, I don't "fancy" myself as anything more than someone who helps consumers, but that's beside the point.)
Ridley, West's lone double winner, took the 300 in 38.62 seconds.
Heather Mallory's son is now living with her parents in Gig Harbor, Wash.
Owens, a staple on the local jazz circuit with performances at venues such as the Sheldon Concert Hall, Jazz at the Bistro, Powell Symphony Hall, Blanche M. Touhill Performing Arts Center and the Grandel Theatre, is venturing into new territory with his upcoming album "Moods and Messages."
Is Rodger ready?
"No," Allice replied. "It's part of your scholarship."
lawmakers and regulators have suggested the bank ignores conflicts of interest and sells to its clients investments it knows are weak, all in the pursuit of profit.
Joyce Clay, an administrative aide in the department for nearly 17 years, said she served under St. Andre from the time he became acting chief in 2009 until he resigned last year.
Nic Cowan, Brian Collins, the Burning River Ramblers 8 p.m. Feb. 27. (tavern). $8-$10.
The film’s producer, Raphael Shore, said in a written statement, "Those that have blasted the film are attempting to stifle an important debate about the internal state of the Muslim community in America, and whether politicized Islam and indoctrination pose tangible security threats."
By noon, they were back in the spotlight -- but not for the reasons they intended.
$ 0.00139.
New Egypt goalie Boomer Dohn made eight saves, including the 700th of his career, as the Warriors stifled visiting Steinert, 8-2. Tyler Emery scored four goals.
"It's very natural for him,'' Toews kidded. "He likes to be in front of the camera.''
During the course of the meeting, Nexus representatives agreed to change certain features of their plan — like adding side entrances to the trash enclosure and changing landscape elements — to meet borough requirements. They also requested several waivers for "deviations" like building setback, parking stall width and the right to a canopy sign, which were approved. Nexus will, however, have to come before the board with a signage package for approval when those signs are designed.
The Flashback software, also known as "Flashfake", advertises itself for download on infected websites as a Java software add-on or applet, experts said.
Feb. 1: Bloomberg News reports might file for bankruptcy next week and close up to 150 stores.
An improperly screened passenger was allowed to enter a secure area of the airport in Terminal B at 2:10 p.m. Monday, the Transportation Security Administration said today.
He will also be able to get plenty of work in the outfield. Damon's ability to play the outfield -- yes, everybody knows he has a weak throwing arm -- will be critical to how he fits on the Tribe's 25-man roster.
"We are going to be dealing with 3,500 undeveloped lots, not just this summer but in summers to come," said board President Rick Stokes, Ward 3.
Now you know why a good many of us say we're from Trabuco Canyon - to avoid having to apologize for these people, or worse, being confused with them.
Outgained 203-65 yards in the first half, the Tigers (9-0, 4-0) took control on junior RJ Stainbrook's 43-yard option touchdown run with 2:25 left. Stainbrook finished with 88 yards rushing.
quaint look is inviting
It's a cliché, I know, but as a Christian it's hard for me at this season not to think of the Biblical Mary and Joseph looking for shelter.
Sean R. Nienow R/17 N
Second, I know through long experience that there are few safe or sure shortcuts. If I do some things only partially or occasionally, or alter or "forget" other things, I may save myself time or inconvenience — but I also may bring risk or harm. And I will be the one who pays the highest cost.
The other moment was seeing a young, much lankier Faulk gleam across his office television screen saying that he’d come play for LSU, where DiNardo was the head coach from 1995-99. It was January and the announcement was so important that it interrupted local programming. A photographer was there to capture DiNardo’s reaction.
If Cafe Hon doesn't quite explain the universe to us, or conjure the lost soul of Baltimore in a $10 crab dip, it was silly for anyone to think it ever would.
At the beginning of his presidency, Barack Obama argued that the country's spiraling debt was largely the result of exploding health care costs. That was true. He then said the cure for these exploding costs would be his health care reform. That was not true.
The 1980s was an interesting decade. It opened while Jimmy Carter was president and Iranians held 52 Americans hostage after militants took over the American embassy in Tehran. Some political analysts believe the crisis led to Ronald Reagan's success in defeating Carter in the 1980 presidential election.
Accepting that much, there is only one thing we can hope for. That neither guy runs out of luck.
Clara has had a string of lovers since she was first spotted using City Hall as a makeshift cliff in 2007. But for the past four years, her steady mate has been a male falcon named "Esteban Colbert."
Vescolani, who started at the center in December, said he has met with employees to identify areas where spending can be cut and ways to run more efficiently. Employees probably weren't surprised to learn that there would be layoffs, he said.
For you or your tax preparer, it means more time, paperwork and diligent recordkeeping.
That's essentially the number of floors left to lease at Towson City Center, the landmark 12-story building on York Road near the Towson roundabout that is being revived from its previous life as Towson's Investment Building.
Amos Lim, co-founder of Out4Immigration, a volunteer group tackling immigration laws and their effects on the LGBT community, said cases similar to Willingham and Garcia's have been dropped, but it's been at the discretion of prosecutors and judges. Many same-sex binational couples leave the country or maintain long-term relationships, visiting each other once a year. Things haven't changed, Lim said, and people's lives continue to be torn apart.
And here's the thing: It doesn't have to be that loud to take a toll if you or someone you love has an iffy ticker. Regular exposure to sound above 65 decibels -- that's merely a loud conversation -- can up the risk of a heart attack by 10 percent. Chronic exposure to louder noise -- hair dryers, vacuum cleaners -- bumps heart attack risk by 20 percent. And constantly being around anything on par with a garbage disposal (common in many factories) increases the risk by 50 percent.
Then, with the bases loaded, Brandon Crawford doubled down left field line to score three runs.
Dumb as a turnip, I grimace, mumble something that to her ears sounds somewhat insulting, and am rewarded with the usual slap on my head by the still-scalding spatula. Oh, me Ma! I associate fried chicken with pain and pleasure.
Dan Tierney, a spokesman for Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine, said Tuesday that old data were loaded onto the site. He said the office was re-importing information from the correct files and so it should have current information by today.
An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment.
The facility is expected to be back online on Monday.
“The crowd has to be supportive just like they have been,” Sather says. “The fans have been great, haven’t they?”
This from a guy who claims to have already died three times from drugs, though he was resuscitated each time, according an autobiography he self-published in 2008.
No. The postseason is unpredictable, but teams that mash their way to division titles tend to fare poorly in the playoffs. The Tigers are not constructed to manufacture runs against great pitching staffs.
Ramesh said the institute will focus on research, not making specific materials.
But Dustin Hoffman is clearly having a wonderful time as Barney’s loud, vulgar, life-affirming father, and every time he comes on screen the film assumes some of his energy. And Minnie Driver takes what could have been a cruel caricature of a Jewish princess and illuminates it with flashes of insecurity and hurt.
In these two cases, judges did decide that living with these parents was in the best interest of the kids. But the state of Florida is still fighting.
In 1993, he won a Cleveland Medal of Heroism for finding information about two suspects in the fatal shooting of a 14-year-old boy.
Campbell's one-year deal indicates he's biding time in hopes of landing a starting job next offseason.
Said Stephens: "Lin had complete control of the ball. We tied the game with two minutes left and then "
LaRoe is the person behind the billboard near the scene of the accident and similar ones across the county. He, too, rides hundreds of miles as he trains for competitions.
The event, which begins at 9 a.m., will be teaching children riding toy safety while also raising funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital — a globally-recognized center for the research and treatment of pediatric cancer and other terminal childhood diseases.
The four-day session almost ended in chaos as lawyers for the UCI and WADA considered walking out when the panel chairman, Israeli lawyer Efraim Barak, prevented one of their expert witnesses from being questioned about the science of blood doping and transfusions.
"Some people thought he was gruff at times, but he had a heart of gold and always wanted to help people," said Mr. Miller.
We don't learn Joseph's sleep number, but we do discover his willingness to take on a role others would have seen as a nightmare. The dream provides him with an understanding of grace in the midst of difficulty. When morning breaks, he rises with the assurance of God's presence and promise. Wiping the crusts from his eyes, he smiles at the chance to dream of new possibilities.
Leon Drinks, 54, who has lived on South Clinton Street for 10 years, said he’s taken to playing the blues outside on his harmonica to express his sadness for the victims and for Welch, who used to greet him on a regular basis.
In Simonson’s storyline, the sons of Muspell come to New York via a portal near the top of the Empire State Building."
While Smart described Hervas to investigators as a "wonderful, considerate person," the Army concluded he pursued her in "nearly predatory fashion" and ignored a warning in May that his career was in danger.
Note: Find nori at specialty stores or in grocers' Asian foods aisle. Recipe from Julia Christy and Cristian Martinez.
To be signed by Gov. Mark Dayton, the bill also will need to give the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) the authority to regulate minnows coming into the state from waters where Asian carp have been found. South Dakota in particular poses a threat as a source of fathead and other minnows used for fish food that can't easily be distinguished from Asian carp minnows.
It's doubtful.
Shortcomings: Price, road and wind noise, evolutionary styling
The economy added just 18,000 jobs in June, the fewest in nine months, and the unemployment rate is 9.2 percent, the highest all year. The government will issue the July figures Friday.
McEnroe said recently he finds Djokovic's streak more impressive than his own, because of the current depth in men's tennis, and because it includes a Grand Slam title — at January's Australian Open, which was played at season's end in 1984.
Police are not sure what the argument was about, just that it was between Florencio Ibarra and his wife, 45, at their home in the 9200 block of West Gary Road, near 91st and Peoria avenues..
His comments came after the satellite-television company said its fourth-quarter earnings increased 24%, thanks to a reversal of subscriber losses from earlier quarters. Dish ended the year down 166,000 subscribers, at 13.97 million.
"I imagine a few extra people will be down there, no question about it," Sveum said. "His first day back will be Tuesday, and there's definitely going to be added press and questions. It's an unfortunate incident that happened, and hopefully it goes away pretty quickly. But it's not going to go away when we're there."
BB responds: “I actually tried this a few years ago with a trained monkey, but then he got a job as a tournament referee! (Rimshot!)”
Harlan's wheels have hardly hindered his lifestyle. He monoskis Crested Butte's gnarly steeps with grace and poise. He has raced with the U.S. Paralympic cycling team, earning several national and world titles. An avid artist, his engaging pencil drawings hang in the local bakery.
Three weeks later, businessman Ferris Kleem took Dimora and former county Auditor Frank Russo to Las Vegas, showering them with airfare and gambling money in exchange for their help on projects, federal prosecutors said.
"We would like to have a couple plays back, but he gave us an opportunity to win at the end, on the road," Bears coach Lovie Smith said. "We can build off of this performance."
From these humble beginnings Drobinsky went on to co-found Urban Ore, another Berkeley salvage yard that is less picky than Ohmega. (For instance, they'll buy aluminum windows; Ohmega won't.) He bought Ohmega from its founder,
More than 90 vendors, including McClendon's Select, Maya's Farm and Seacat Gardens, offer a variety of produce from lettuce to heirloom tomatoes to carrots. Also, find goat cheese, gourmet popcorn, tamales, homemade bread, Arizona wine, coffee and more.
At most airport towers, there's no bathroom in the room on top of the tower, known as the cab. With only one controller on duty, the position has to go unattended at times if the controller needs to use a bathroom. It's common for the nearest bathroom to be located down a flight of stairs.
Think about that one: A sizable share of Republicans might actually support a prospective nominee whom they recognize to be fundamentally deficient. Perhaps this is easily explained. Many conservatives are congenitally hostile to government, so perhaps it's a logical next step to "seriously consider" someone who is ill-suited to perform the onerous, complex tasks of governance.
"I think it's going to be a lot more fun," Meiners said. "I'm playing for myself and my teammates as well as my school."
They enjoyed a major victory in November when Ohio voters in a statewide referendum repealed a law limiting collective bargaining rights for the state's public employees. But they fell short in an earlier recall campaign to wrest control of the Wisconsin Senate from Republicans and suffered a major defeat when Indiana this year became the first state in more than a decade to pass right-to-work legislation.
Stephens, of the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, said that reading a company's policy is a good start to protect yourself, but he noted that companies can change their policies anytime.
With longtime Tennessee basketball coach Pat Summitt announcing today that she was stepping down, it's worth taking another look at Howard sports editor Carol Gralia's moving tribute to her in late March.
The county Board of Commissioners will have the final say on whether to accept New York-based Propeller Investments’ plan to launch passenger flights to New York, Chicago and other cities -- a proposal that has divided Gwinnett for more than two years.
This proposal is better than the current status quo, where a generation of children is living in the shadows of our society. It is time to give these people an opportunity to compete and thrive in a country that they were brought to as children. These individuals can contribute to our society. This is especially true for those who served our country honorably in the military.
Malick, though, makes their yearnings real. “What are we to You,” the mother muses, and the film goes into the biggest flashback in cinema history, right to the beginning of the universe — then watches as Earth is formed, life begins, dinosaurs roam.
It's a good time to ask. The TSA recently celebrated its 10 anniversary, which is the perfect occasion to reflect on what the agency had done - and continues to do - to air travelers.
Daiso, 22 Peace Plaza (near Post and Buchanan streets); (415) 359-9397. daisojapan.com. Open daily.
That means the majority of the point guard minutes might go to Carlos Arroyo, a 31-year-old journeyman whose salary is actually being paid for by Miami, which waived him days before Boston picked him up March 5.
"It has shown elsewhere around the world and been very well received," he said. "But not here in the U.S."
while product suffers & players get hurt. Therefore fans lose. Play 50."
I never let her know that the "Good riddance" wasn't meant for her.
215 Jeanette Dr, $100,000
Higher gasoline prices, up 60 cents this year to a national average $3.88 a gallon, could also turn voters against Obama. Still, prices have dropped over the past two weeks, and analysts say they could fall further.
Feinberg's initial pay rulings were announced last October for seven companies that had received the most money from the government's $700 billion bailout fund. Since that time, Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. have paid back their government support and are no longer covered by the pay guidelines which only apply to companies receiving exceptional support from the bailout fund, known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program.
But don't forget some substantial food fare in selecting your Super Bowl recipes, as well.
"Yeah, but state makes it taste better," Schnieders said. "It tasted so much better here."
Then the game turned.
6:09 p.m. -- Fantastic 30-yard connection between Manning and WR Steve Smith. Manning throws under pressure, and Smith gets away from DB Eric Green to make a nice grab
Lodge said that when Partners for Forever Families received a federal grant, its leaders wanted to use art as a way to bring awareness to the plight of teenagers and siblings in need of being placed with permanent families.
Fans massed at lunchtime Friday like roaches on a dirty counter, some driving for hours for a final taste of Sam Wo's signature chow fun, jook and barbecue pork rice noodle rolls.
The unemployment rate across the wider 27-country European Union, which includes non-euro members like Britain and Poland, was 10.2 percent, unchanged from February but still higher than the 9.4 percent recorded a year before.
What about fiber? It's been a disappointment at dropping colon cancer, but keep it in your diet -- it's good for your pipes for other reasons.
Easter breads call for lavish loaves baked with extra care, and, for Italians, that means decorating the loaves with colored eggs -- symbols of fertility, resurrection and spring.
MacDougall endorsed barefoot running — not barefoot shoes — but it didn't take long for people to figure out that FiveFingers and its offspring could make barefoot running more palatable. The shoes developed a cult-like following among MacDougall's die-hard fans, and their popularity spread by word of mouth, attracting workout fanatics looking for something different, early adopters looking for the next cool thing and those for whom returning to a simpler, more natural state of things is both a quest and a lifestyle.
I assume that you did not mean to include me on this email. But, now that you have, the content of the email will be mentioned in the story we will be running in tomorrow’s paper about the state of the contract with Downforce.
But even after the filmmakers share this footage with authorities, an assistant principal minimizes the problem and says they’re unable to police the bus to protect kids like Alex.
Peninsula Velocity 3
11:54 a.m.: Chief Mike Reese showed up at the southeast corner of Chapman Square in jeans and a black windbreaker. He told a reporter, "I can't talk to you right now" and then headed toward the Justice Center.
Police were investigating shootings in at least four different locations in three neighboring communities, all of which were believed to be the work of a single gunman named Michael McLendon. Investigators declined to comment on a motive for the shootings, in which at least four other people were injured, including a child.
It's as if co-writer-director-star Alex Kendrick is delivering a sermon to a particularly dimwitted congregation, pounding home the point that guys need to man up and take care of their children. But after more than two hours, you wish Kendrick would have trimmed about 35 minutes from the homily.
Democrats may think Donnelly has his best shot against him, Mourdock said, but he pointed to the 2010 elections as proof otherwise. Donnelly, he said, is almost identical in his ideology and vote history to former U.S. Rep. Brad Ellsworth. Both are anti-abortion, gun-rights supporters who voted for President Barack Obama's health care reforms and stimulus packages.
As a result of the scheme, homeowners lost at least $1.2 million in equity, lenders lost more than $940,000 and 13 homes have been foreclosed on, the Maryland U.S. attorney's office said.
The issue has the unanimous support of the County Council's five Democratic and two Republican members and the County Municipal League, as well as the backing of County Executive Charlie A. Dooley and the county's Democratic and Republican parties. And labor unions say the project would produce hundreds of construction jobs.
Their stories remind us of what we had to lose by going to war: some of our best and brightest.
For an hour each school day — and other valuable minutes he can squeeze in when he's particularly inspired — Jake Matthai is in his own special world. The results are impressive: an oil painting of a sailboat in deep blue waters and another overlooking a city in France he visited are his two favorites.
<U+FFFD> Prepare garden soil for fall planting.
Jorgensen died in 2003, three days after his 84th birthday and four days after scouting a game for the Chicago Cubs. He said years ago that he first learned of Robinson while a senior at Folsom in 1938, Robinson's second year at Pasadena, and they later became longtime friends.
This builds a world that looks and sounds like our own, but tilted several degrees to one side, as when despondent students jump off a building — from the second floor.
John Williams really belonged in the fourth grade that year.
A communicator by trade, Shuman volunteers her public relations expertise for several organizations including the Press Club of Metropolitan St. Louis and Metro Theater Co. Writing press releases and calling out to her professional contacts, Shuman builds audiences for MTC's productions and spreads awareness of their mission to bring theater to underserved students.
The game now stands somewhat naked without those larger-than-life figures. They had the power to make people laugh or get angry. They had a gift for touching nerves and pulling the strings of the heart.
With all Colorado precincts counted, Mr. Santorum had 40%, to 35% for Mr. Romney. Four years ago, Mr. Romney carried Colorado's caucuses with 60% of the vote.
The UO men and women will compete Saturday in the two-day Oregon Relays at Hayward Field. An aside about that meet, UO coach Vin Lananna has decided to postpone the Ducks' assault on the U.S. and collegiate records in the 4x1-mile relay until the May 9 Oregon Twilight meet.
If there's anything coaches like less than a cheat, it is a hypocrite. Should Harbaugh's Ravens bend the rules so much as a centimeter going forward, they can expect payback to be prompt and derision to be deafening. So rather than reinforce the notion that he had connected dots between "Spygate" and the Patriots' teeming trophy case, or from the Saints' bounty system to a parade on Poydras St., Harbaugh followed his impromptu remarks with a prepared statement crafted to split hairs and to withdraw pointed fingers.
Rodriquez went 0-3 against the Buckeyes.
ANSWER: It's always kind of been out there, the idea of writing a book. When playing, some people talked about it, but I needed to be focused on being the best pitcher I could be. I'm really glad I didn't try to write a book back then. I wouldn't have been able to capture some of the experiences I've had.
Terry and Michelle Coles of Detroit took a day off work to see Obama.
But in the second half, those shots stopped falling. The offense, which was stifled to begin with, was joined by an inability to win the same one-on-one battles. It led to a 28-15 start in the second half for SDSU, and a 66-54 Aztecs lead.
"I'd say you have to prove yourself first," he said. "People get recruited, they come here, everybody already kind of knows what they can do. Walk-ons, you have to come in and prove yourself. You have to work that much harder to get noticed."
Granite City, sit inside a 1977 Volkswagen Super Beetle.
The president's bus tour fit into that effort, giving Obama a chance to engage in some of the retail politics that is a staple of presidential campaigns.
-- Jeannine Stein
Robert Lipsyte
"I've never seen a company tell customers to buy less of its product," marvels Harvard Business School professor Forest Reinhardt. "It's a fascinating initiative. Yvon has the confidence to pull it off." In fact, Chouinard says the ad boosted Patagonia sales—though he argues it didn't drive more overall consumption, but rather stole existing customers from his competitors.
start to finish, Kirkwood upended host Parkway North 9-8 in overtime on Monday in Suburban South Conference play.
Mr. Putin has dominated Russia ever since, as president or as prime minister. Having weathered a winter of large anti-Kremlin protests, the 59-year-old leader won a tightly controlled election in March and will start a third presidential term on Monday. He hasn't ruled out re-election in 2018 to stretch his tenure to 24 years, longer than any other Kremlin leader since Josef Stalin, but says he would step down if he lost public support.
And the gap was smaller even after the government paid out more money in February in tax refunds. February is typically a big month for refunds. This year's payout was 50 percent higher than last year's, partly because of the leap year.
"The hybrid is a little more durable," he said. "It'll handle a little more abuse than a road bike can take."
GM also has applied for an unspecified amount of incentives through the state's Quality Jobs program, that's based on the number of jobs that are created and a state jobs training program.
"No. I think it's just ... stuff happens," Ventura said. "He's going to be fine. We're still going with him. It's just one of those games."
The Missouri Department of Mental Health, which oversees the free counseling for problem gamblers, declined to answer questions Wednesday about the program's budget and caseload.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — The Pittsburgh Pirates have recalled right-hander Jared Hughes from Triple-A Indianapolis, a day after demoting struggling Evan Meek to the minors.
For the next two hours, Harris led the meeting, taking notes and filing papers in neat piles, occasionally chiming in with brief explanations or a light-hearted comment.
Leroy H. Ford Jr., 25, was arrested after a short foot chase and charged with obstruction of justice, resisting arrest, unlawful possession of a handgun, receiving stolen property and being a certain person not to have a weapon.
L-M-N-O Pizza: David Kobos goes through the steps of making artisan-quality pizzas. Learn how to make crusts and sauces for Chicago style, vegetarian and traditional Sicilian style. Registration required. 5-7 p.m. Thu, May 10. Bob's Red Mill Whole Grain Cooking School, 5000 S.E. International Way, Milwaukie;
Schroeter was indicted in June 2010 on 11 counts, all involving child pornography. The 11th count charged that he and Michelle Schroeter, who owns a home with him in St. Peters, did "knowingly employ, use, persuade, induce, entice and coerce a minor (initials of minor) to engage in sexually explicit conduct."
Thibaut did not respond to written questions to discuss his business or ties to the governor.
The partnership comes as a growing number of people turn to the Internet for news and other information. The two news organizations have a combined online audience of more than 100 million users per month in the U.S. -- something ABC News president Ben Sherwood noted was "the size of the Super Bowl audience."
Cavaliers are gallant, courtly soldiers of days gone by. As of yesterday, Cavaliers is the name of Cleveland's courtly National Basketball Association team and there is no one happier about the christening than Eastlake's Jerry Tomko.
Well that problem hasn't gone anywhere, but now it's buried under layers of other concerns, such as rookie Iman Shumpert's torn ACL and a 1-0 series deficit following Saturday's 100-67 soul-crushing defeat at the hands of the Heat in Miami. Even if Chandler were to make a full recovery by Game 2, something that isn't a guarantee, the second round of the playoffs would still seem like a fantasy.
Remember your home value is not necessarily related to how much you have invested in your home; and it has no relation to how much you need to buy your next home.
Procedure: In a small bowl, coarsely mash avocado with a fork. Gently stir in lime juice, onion, cilantro, jalapeno and salt until just mixed.
The couple lived several years in Baltimore before relocating to Philadelphia in 1925. After her husband died, Mabel remained in Philadelphia until 2011, when she turned 108. She lived by herself, or in assisted living, or with her daughter most of those years on Colorado Street in North Philly.
Workers who lose jobs can often keep their health insurance by paying for it through federal rules. But InkStop workers don't qualify for COBRA benefits because their plan no longer exists, InkStop said in its letter.
For other vets, there is no substitute for a pickup, often their vehicle of choice before they were wounded.
The Baltimore Ravens are unlikely to be doing much business with the Bears after what Angelo described as an internal ‘‘disconnect'' and a ‘‘glitch'' that kept the team from contacting Joel Bussert at the NFL office with word they agreed to a deal with the Ravens. The Bears wanted to move up from the No. 29 selection of the first round to No. 26 and agreed to give up their fourth-round pick, No. 127 overall, in order to do so.
For appetizers, McNee grills calamari over oak and serves it with white butter beans, fennel, arugula and satsuma mandarins ($10). It's a bright, refreshing winter dish that speaks to the restaurant's waterfront locale. The chef also makes the lamb sausage that goes with his clams, chickpeas and tomatoes ($9), and the coppa, pancetta, mortadella and salumi that make up the charcuterie plate ($15).
Crushed malted milk balls
Even so, nearly one in five public school employees in Orange County had a gross salary of $75,000 to $99,999 last year, and nearly one in six was paid $50,000 to $74,999, according to an Orange County Register analysis of education pay.
Schiller conceded that if the funding were lost, "we would have a lot of stations go dark."
øSo it was natural that she was intrigued when she met one of her client's interns in a meeting - especially when the client said the intern did good work.
The waterfalls are nice, and add sound and cooling spray, when they're working. But it's concrete. Modernism at its best combines simplicity, strength and an indefinable quality of graceful precision. Modernism at its worst is blunt and brutal and scrapes your skin raw when you rub up against it. Rough surfaces and asymmetrical shapes were hallmarks of the worst of '70s architecture, and you suspect that the main reason people liked Peavey Plaza was the water and trees that softened all those right angles.
"Why would you create a monument to someone who died buying drugs," wonders Smith, who had no intention of cleaning up the dirty dolls after they got rained on.
The whole novel is told in short scenes, usually just a few pages long. It's a form well suited to Bit's intense sensitivity and Groff's poetic style. I was constantly torn between wanting to gulp down this book or savor its lines.
Part of the agreement Howell had with C&H was that when the Vikings were scheduled to play, no other activities could be scheduled on the main field in those three months. C&H also will lose the revenues from the concession stand during Vikings games. James said C&H has an operating budget of $100,000 per year.
Illinois: Sheraton Sand Key Resort
Overseas, Britain's FTSE 100 fell 1.7 percent, Germany's DAX index fell 1.8 percent, and France's CAC-40 dropped 2.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei stock average rose 1.3 percent.
However, it is up to you to attempt to explain the difference between telling you important information, and perhaps what constitutes an emergency, and what you consider tattling. Being flexible with household rules and helping them learn what you perceive as acceptable behavior is imperative at their current age and stage of development. Things will change as they get older, and having that flexibility in place will help the tattling vs. telling scenario.
She has other health concerns, too, including melasma, a facial skin discoloration that often comes on during pregnancy. "I'm like one in 1,000 cases where it didn't go away after childbirth. I went to the best doctors. I did all the peels. I'm hoping hormonally, I'll roll out of it. I use CellCeuticals SPF 55+ sunscreen, and I never lie out in the sun, which really stinks, because I'm a sun girl."
Under Ohio law, the court of claims can award a person who is found to be wrongly imprisoned $40,330 -- or an amount determined by the state auditor's office -- for each year spent in prison.
The unexpected heat wave was just one of the grand-opening snarls, including telephones that didn't work; a broken generator; a smattering of air-conditioning units that only blew hot air; a cabin overrun by ants; and the lack of privacy shades on windows. Several guests left early.
defective floor mats and gas pedals that get stuck, some of them suspected of causing unintended acceleration.
“He’s a power pitcher with enough command,” the executive said of Pineda, who stands 6-5 and weighs in at 245 pounds. “And he’s young.”
I love it. It's like going to a wild dance party. You have the humming of the team all around you keeping you motivated. And there's great music. It smells really nice because they light aromatherapy candles. It's as close to a spa experience while burning 500 calories in an hour that you can get.
One fund would consist of assets turned over by the Atkinsons as part of the settlement. A smaller fund would include any money US Fidelis has on hand after liquidation.
"And for the family, they're able to continue to connect with that person after they've died."
The films are winning prizes in France and rave reviews in New York, but how do they play in the homeland? "It is not easy to find these movies," said Livezeanu. "They are somewhat marginalized by the new capitalism in Romania. They want to show the same awful, successful movies that are being shown in malls in the United States."
Maryland Heights Mayor Mike Moeller said the April 22 tornado affected 1,250 properties in his city with anything from a fallen tree to severe home or vehicle damage.
The ninth accuser, currently 18, was 11 or 12 when he first met Sandusky in 2004. Sandusky took him to Penn State football games and gave him gifts and money, and later sexually assaulted him during overnight stays in a basement bedroom in Sandusky<U+0092>s home, the grand jury said.
John Doe No. 1 filed a sexual assault lawsuit in Los Angeles on Monday.
Kroes, one of the most outspoken commissioners who imposed massive fines against Microsoft during her time as the EU's antitrust regulator, has embraced new media.
O’Donnell returned to "Today" yesterday, and this time she compared the "talented" Lohan to Whitney Houston, who drowned in the bathtub of her Beverly Hills Hilton hotel suite in February after ingesting cocaine.
-<U+FFFD>If using rentals, accept delivery. Carefully inspect to make sure what you get is what you ordered.
RTD didn't have estimates on how much a parking lot at Red Rocks would cost. Planners decided early in the process to forgo parking lots in some neighborhoods but put in larger parking lots in adjacent West line stops, said West Rail Line spokeswoman Brenda Tierney.
But the path we've taken, regrettably, goes through an expensive, political minefield. If GM emerges from bankruptcy organized and governed by the plan created by the Obama administration, it is impossible to see how free markets will have anything to do with the U.S. auto industry henceforth. With taxpayers on the hook for $50 billion (at a minimum), the administration will do whatever it has to -- including tilting the playing field with policies that induce consumers to buy GM, hamstring GM's competition or subsidize its costs -- for GM to succeed. Thus, $50 billion is a sum that is more likely to grow larger than it is to be repaid. It is also a sum that will serve as the rationalization for further government interventions on GM's behalf.
"They thought they'd gotten away with it," she said.
The women honorees are: Jeanine Asche of Half Moon Bay; Lynn Eastman Bowdish of Daly City; Maria Meza De La Vega of East Palo Alto; Jeri Fujimoto of Belmont; Karen Musegaas Larson of El Granada; and Sara Salsbury of Palo Alto.
Our system here in Alameda County allows one party - the Democratic Party - to declare for the rest of us who should be in office to appease one of its favored sons and anoint his wife to a position she now says she could not handle.
However, Capt. Craig Lindman, also on the police force, said that most other hotels in the city support the changes and that he'll be talking directly with their managers in the next week to explain the latest revised ordinance more fully. An earlier version required that the IDs be government-issued and that hotel clerks write down the numbers of passports or driver's licenses and keep them for a year. Those conditions were dropped because of hotel concerns about increasing the risk of identity theft.
When lawmakers quit Salem last July, they left a 2011-13 budget that was based on $15 billion in expected tax and lottery revenue. Since then, state economists have lowered their projections by about $300 million. A revised projection is due Feb. 8, which could increase the shortfall even more. If so, they will have to balance it. States aren't allowed to do deficit spending like the federal government.
Columbus's goal tonight came on the power play, tying the score 1-1 in the final second of the first period. The Blues had a 1-0 lead on a shorthanded goal by David Backes, his 17th of the season.
Baines told Judge Karen Simpson that she has two children, ages 1 and 5, and that her last job was part-time work at a dollar store. The judge appointed the public defender to represent Baines.
Todd Pletcher
It may not be around in a few years.
Like the sealed-off world he depicts, Stotik cultivated, even as a student and emerging artist, an enigmatic persona. Famously, he did not attend openings of his shows; when he was a member of a rock band, he performed with his back to the audience.
Rio Americano 13 7 26 18 <U+0096> 64
The final bill, approved in August 2002, was a greatly pared-back version of the original. Counties could adopt Laura's Law, but if they did, they'd have to pay for it on their own.
Just call me Paul Allen?
Hunter, a teammate of Liriano's for three seasons in Minnesota, drove his 1-0 change-up to left-center leading off the second. Two batters later, Kendrick homered into the left field bullpen on the same count.
1/4 cup garlic-flavor chicken stock
øThe wide range of ages and marital stages - from first-timers such as Biel, 30, to confirmed third-timers such as Berry, 45, and Spears, 30 - also broadens the buzz. Likewise, the gamut of party styles, from "a big blowout" (Zanziger's prediction for the Barrymore affair) to something "small and classy" (for Spears' soiree).
One downside to the weekend was a lost opportunity for the U-14 championship baseball game to be played at Progressive Field. Bad weather Saturday night led to a wet field and forced the Indians to cancel the game, and free admission to see it, early Sunday morning.
Understand that last year, Juarez, a two-time Olympian, won Vision Quest as well as several other endurance races.
Film and music industry watchers were shocked on Tuesday to find that only two songs got Oscar nominations in the song category, "Man or Muppet" from "The Muppets" and "Real in Rio" from "Rio," both films aimed at family audiences.
After my visit, I was sitting at Café 1511 next door, drinking a cup of strong, rich Malaysian coffee, thinking about the Malacca that is no more.
The bill sparked outrage from teacher groups. Part of the criticism related to the fact most lawmakers would get more generous retiree health care benefits than teachers would under the bill, even after legislation in October that reduced those benefits for lawmakers.
LINE STARTED TUESDAY
Taken into custody at his Flemington home, Hsia remained in the custody of the United States Marshal Service Tuesday on federal charges of conspiracy to distribute and dispense Oxycodone, which carry penalties of 20-years to life in prison. Seven others, including John DeChiara, 19, of Edison, who is a clerk at Hsia’s pharmacy on Lincoln Highway, face the same federal charges.
Yet no picture of Clemons appears in the Jays’ programs for the 1969 season. No article written about the team mentions him. Like so many of the stories that surround Clemons, the one that finds him in a three-point stance for the Jersey Jays is glorious in the telling, but difficult to prove.
Participants in the program receive $46 to $126 worth of food every month. WIC serves 170,000 women, infants and children statewide.
Eric drove from Cupertino to San Francisco. He parked his car near the phone booth at Vista Point and placed his car keys and a note with his wife's name and number on the driver's seat.
The young guns are still having fun at one of Center City’s longstanding BYO hits, where weekly themed- tasting menus (five pork courses this week for $45!), sophisticated lunches (snapper with peanut sambal; chestnut soup with duck confit), and the world’s best coconut cream pie are always a draw.
"We believe this is something that is long overdue," said Nicholas Schorsch, chief executive of American Realty Capital, which sponsors seven nontraded REITs.
The Denver Post survey suggests two-thirds of our readers will be disappointed if Manning picks the Titans, but, if I may, I think the fan base is segmented into three groups.
Credit cards are not accepted at most stores, restaurants and hotels. That may change, but for now, work out payments with your tour operator and bring cash and traveler's checks. Guides can help with changing foreign currencies at banks, and there are some ATM machines in Paro and Thimphu.
The effort has brought together an Arnold historian, a former campaign adviser to Ronald Reagan and Boris N. Yeltsin, and the chairman of the House Select Committee on Intelligence.The loose group has legislation pending in Congress and a Libyan lobbying the new leadership in Tripoli.
"He's got the energy to talk about what needs to be done, and he's not afraid to step on toes," said Bob Balerna of Willingboro.
Fri: 12:30 p.m. The "Books 'n Brown Bag Book Club" discussion series continues. call 720-865-0955 for this month's title.
In total, Phillip Alberternst, 46, of Warren County, is to receive $70,000.
Obama's two campaign speeches at the Old State Capitol -- in February 2007 to announce his presidential bid and in August to introduce Joe Biden as his running mate -- are just the beginning, Farley said. The future president spent nearly eight years in the Legislature, and parallels with Abraham Lincoln are strong.
In the 10 days since Grace's suicide and the death of another Baltimore-area teen, he has received some 1,500 emails and Facebook messages on the subject. Most messages were from the Baltimore area, but some came from as far away as England and New Zealand, Poquette said.
That and other behind-the-scenes details of the closing flurry of activity that led to agreement on a 10-year labor deal were described to The Associated Press by three people familiar with the negotiations. All spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to reveal the information.
Gold is not the only metal sought by criminals. For years, thieves have broken into houses, stealing copper pipe to sell to scrap dealers. Copper and gold thefts are similar because most of the burglaries are drug-related, Isbell said. They generally are made during the day when the owners aren't home. One difference is the number of copper thefts fluctuate according to the market prices, he said.
Not since Frank Lloyd Wright's futuristic Marin Civic Center was completed in 1970 has the Bay Area seen a significant new civic structure that does not affect a classical or postmodern pose. For architecturally conservative San Francisco, it's the equivalent of St. Louis' 1960s stainless steel arch, a gateway to bigger, more exhilarating ideas in a post-Bilbao Guggenheim age.
The commission recommends rate increases of 7.5 percent in 2012,
Irizarry's attorney, Chad Shell, said Monday that his client was a victim who only refused to pull over because he was under "duress."
"It will make it easier for small businesses to attract investors, to gain access to capital, to become the next big thing," said Tom Quaadman, a vice president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
“Blue Valentine” is the story of one couple tearing each other apart over one long, drunken weekend. Nothing new there. One of the greatest dramas of the past 50 years — “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” — had a similar setup.
Some diners say they welcome the policy as a way to make sure their meal is not interrupted by bad behavior from children. Some parents say the policy is inappropriate.
ø"Nicky wins the faceoff, and I kind of turned and felt like I was going to have some pressure," he said, "but when I turned, I saw that nobody came to me."
It's popular with hairdressers, servers, bartenders and people who live or work in the neighborhood. Why is that? Well, let me tell you: The Nauti Mermaid is more of a corner bar than some sweaty Warehouse District pad.
The 10,850 square-foot store, which has an exterior entrance to the mall, is going into the space formerly occupied by the restaurant Wapango.
A smattering of boos rippled through Assembly Hall. And making matters worse, center Meyers Leonard left the court and retreated briefly to the locker room after being drilled in the back.
This mix of resentment and victimization sold well in South Carolina. But the old poisons drive us apart, not together, and will alienate far more voters than it attracts in most of America. If the Gingrich campaign continues, Republicans are likely to learn the hard way that a party of white sanctuary is a minority party in an America of proud diversity.
He added that one of the many available options for the Big Ten is a stipulation granting a conference champion a berth into the four-team national semifinal if that champion finishes in the top six in the final rankings.
Supporters countered by reminding their colleagues of the pain of losing the Lakers and the North Stars to other states in past decades, and said they were inundated with messages from Vikings fans urging them to keep the team here.
<U+200B>A bit lacking in the decor department — gumball machine, yellow-red booths and funky tilted floor — but they serve a decent plain pizza here. It’s downtown Newark’s best slice, not that the competition is that fierce. Subs, salads and pasta dishes also available.
The document outlining the change said the institute would have a governing board with the city's health director serving as a board member.
Although the home has a transitional Santa Barbara feel, Meyers added punches of color and a contemporary vibe with large artwork - some of it from her downtown Portland loft.
6:28 p.m.: Foo Fighters have won four Grammys already this year.
Groat, a 13-year veteran with the force, then drove himself to Santiam Hospital, where he was treated for a gash on his leg that he suffered while helping pull Nguyen from the water.
"Jazzin' " will be included in the Sacramento Ballet's repertoire as well as Moultrie's.
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): It takes a high level of emotional intelligence to maintain your stellar attitude about all the tasks you have.
But here at the Track, where Seau appeared in many Tracked Downs, we’ll always remember Junior for his fashion sense and lively repartee.
"You wait for a voice like that for a lifetime. ... Was there anything she could not do musically? Is there any performance of The Star-Spangled Banner that even remotely compares with hers?"
Though just a small storefront, Himalayan Cafe aims to coddle patrons with creature comforts: There's a civilized wine display, ice-cream-like Indian kulfi for dessert, table linens and harmoniously arranged artifacts hung on pastel-washed walls the color of a Himalayan evening sky. The setting encourages you to sit back, soak up the serene ambience and imagine you're traveling ever closer to nirvana.
A photograph, taken in the 1940s, shows the Hurstmont Estate in Harding Township.
A second accident in White Marsh further slowed traffic, as did an accident and a fender-bender just north of the tunnel, Sales said.
Although Simon declined Meade’s invitation to debate, the candidates and their supporters aren’t hesitant to criticize each other.
At 1:17 p.m. this afternoon, the end had finally come for Jordan Theodore. His Seton Hall career and magical senior season ended abruptly by Massachusetts, 77-67, in the second round of the NIT, the Pirates point guard was the last player to walk off the court. The small, but loud UMass contingent began their cheers as the sunlight splashed into Walsh Gym, when Theodore headed for the exit.
"You think everything's always taken care for you, but things can happen wherever you are in the world," he said. "It's just something that's sad for our community."
Jim Knaus, a certified financial planner for Global Wealth Advisors in Troy, agrees that it will depend heavily on individual situations.
Cross said five of Lincoln County's six pharmacies are in Troy, the county seat. The sixth is in Elsberry, he said.
The RoboDoves' most recent masterpiece was a roughly 4-foot-tall basketball-playing bot, which will compete in a two-day regional competition at the Baltimore Convention Center this Friday and Saturday. More than 1,000 students, including teams from Baltimore schools, will participate in the 2012 Chesapeake Regional FIRST Robotics Competition, themed "Rebound Rumble."
"I don't know if it's one player; I think it's their size that jumps out at you," he replied. "Our guards have to help out. I'm not saying we have to win the rebounding battle to be successful, but we can't get annihilated."
"When I was with the Giants, all I signed were two-year contracts," said Baker.
Five more Timbers games have been added to the national television schedule.
But the soldier uttered that phrase "in the context that he was in custody in jail and not in the sense of 'I did something terrible,' " said Seattle attorney Lance S. Rosen, who is representing Kari Bales in dealings with the media.
“Carlos called a fantastic game and did a great job blocking balls,” Acta said.
In its lawsuit, Bank of America alleges the Roberts brothers defaulted on the loan, causing "several events of default" to occur under the loan agreement.
Not so fast.
The Cardinals' lull ended with the help of the Diamondbacks' soft underbelly - a bullpen that sported a league-high 7.33 ERA before rupturing Sunday. Pujols tagged Aaron Heilman with a two-run double in the seventh. In the ninth, the Cardinals capitalized on an error by closer Chad Qualls to strafe him for three runs. The tying run scored after Qualls left and when reliever Esmerling Vasquez's second pitch skipped wildly to the backstop.
PJ's Lager House: Outrageous Cherry, with the Crooks and Danny Kroha, 10 p.m. Fri. The Bends, with Brae and DC Rossi, 10 p.m. Sat. Black Dice, with Moon Pool & Dead Band and Turn to Crime, 10 p.m. Sun. Fingers and Brain, with Tony Loduca and Vince Dynamic, 10 p.m. Tue. Pierced Arrows, with Sugarcoats, Growing Pains and Roachclip, 10 p.m. Wed. 1254 Michigan, Detroit. 313-961-4668.
Jeremy A. Walthall, 26, of the 3300 block of Kenyan Avenue in Baltimore, was arrested on a bench warrant Saturday in a case in which he was charged with driving on a suspended license and privilege.
That amount of growth in women's wrestling isn't going to suddenly catapult the sport as a whole. But growth is good, especially when half the population suddenly becomes a target audience.
"[Ruffalo\] signed up for stand-alone pictures and we haven't announced anything yet, so it remains to be seen what his next appearance will be," says Kevin Feige, the head of Marvel Studios. "But one of Joss' big mandates for himself in this movie, and one thing we all wholeheartedly agreed with, was to have people talking about the Hulk after this movie."
The 138th rendition of the Derby drew a record crowd of 165,307 people who crammed into the iconic track to watch the race. The huge throng beat the previous record Derby crowd of 164,858 last year.
He knows a good weeper when he sees it. His latest may be "War Horse," which arrives in movie theaters Christmas Day.
Jim Rossman and Mary Egan of Westlake brought their daughter, Deirdre, to the event in part to celebrate her graduation from high school last week.
If the election was held today who would get your vote – Sherrod Brown, Josh Mandel or another candidate? Cast your vote in the poll below and tell us your thoughts in the comments.
"I thought they were my friends. I thought I was having fun."
The city still foots some costs for major events, but tourism experts say that the lake has raised the Valley's profile and ability to attract out-of-state promoters. P.F. Chang's Rock 'n' Roll Arizona Marathon and 1/2 Marathon and the Ironman Arizona triathlon bring the state thousands of out-of-state visitors.
CHASING EASY COAL
A spokeswoman for the local U.S. Attorney's office declined to say what charges El-Amin may face, but confirmed he is scheduled to appear in court Thursday.
They also made fun at Tiger Woods and Brett Favre, singing, “She caught Tiger with some tail it’s plain to see, and Brett Favre has taken up photography.”
Harry had a great tenor's voice and she said she heard him join in the singing of "Nearer My God To Thee."
5TH WEEK
If Hopewell Township is out of compliance with our COAH obligation by not being able to provide sewers to the affordable housing tract, the township is vulnerable to a builder’s remedy lawsuit, as is happening in Cranford.
Chief Financial Officer Dan Ammann wouldn't predict when Europe would return to profitability and said there won't be any "big bang" moves to get there. "It's an ongoing set of actions," he said.
Asked if the police plan to evict the group, a spokesman, Newark Sgt. Ronald Glover said, “No information is available at this time.”
"They look pretty good, so we're going to have to play one of those games that upsets are all about," Althoff coach Lori Crunk said of Mater Dei. "No silly mistakes, no mental breakdowns. We're going to have to keep it together. Our kids have the ability to win, but I can't do it for them."
In Oregon, Erath figured out what would grow by looking at other hilly, wet climates.
24 Bayport Court, $705,000, 02-28-12, 1,660 SF, 3 BR
In addition to blueberry buttermilk pancakes and a seafood scramble, Alba created a Southern-style take on eggs Benedict, with fried green tomato, pimento cheese, smoked bacon and chive hollandaise, that’s a study in flavors, textures and contemporary presentation.
Born on Sept. 28, 1920, to Irish immigrant parents, Ward grew up near USC and hawked newspapers as a child. He was ordained a priest in 1946 and served in a variety of administrative and pastoral positions before his ordination as bishop in 1963. As a trained canon lawyer, he was assistant presiding judge of the matrimonial tribunal, which determined whether marriages were eligible for annulment.
Last spring, Albarado was charged with wanton endangerment and domestic assault for allegedly assaulting his wife, Kimber Albarado. Those charges later were dismissed and he pleaded guilty to attempting to interfere with a witness.
“There’s clearly a shortage of experienced professionals,” Mancuso said.
Directed by Philippe Falardeau. With Mohamed Fellag, Sophie Nélisse, Émilien Néron, and Danielle Proulx. In French with subtitles. Distributed by Music Box Films.
That's not because they happened to connect with people who aren't raging hypocrites, but because they were able to tell the difference between a warm body and someone special.
Within six weeks, McFarland was sitting at a card table outside the Fred Meyer store in Hillsboro, selling donated bracelets for $2 apiece. She raised nearly $1,000 and earmarked the money for the county's search and rescue team, handing over the cash to Sgt. Diana Olsen, the county's search and rescue coordinator. Then McFarland donated more than 500 remaining bracelets to organizers of a Sept. 1 Godfather's Pizza fundraiser that raised another $14,000.
øQ: China is slowing, and it has been the engine of global growth. What do you expect there?
"We hope Chinese-U.S. trade will continue to grow and the imbalance will shrink. But that takes both of us to achieve," he said.
"If everybody were to pay into the system as the trustees association does, there would not be a retirement issue," Monaghan said. "We are a good funding source if nothing else."
The study highlights actions people can take to make their communities healthier, said Mary Lou Goeke, executive director of the United Way of Santa Cruz County.
Singapore is under pressure to improve the working conditions of foreign maids, who live full-time in one in five households in the city-state of 5.2 million people. In March, the government pledged to mandate at least one day off a week for maids starting next year.
Dr. Yael Halaas, a New York otolaryngologist, says the warm weather "turns the earth into a large greenhouse, allowing allergens to grow and grow."
The family split their time between New York and Virginia where Jackson was a fifth grader and Meriwether a first grader at St. Anne’s-Belfield School in Charlottesville. According to the couple’s friend, Landis Cox Best, the family had recently decided to move back to the South permanently. Corinne Buckalew, she said, "was particularly excited" about relocating so as to be closer to her parents.
DETAILS: "YMI" girls' hooded sweatshirts with drawstrings imported by YMI Jeanswear, of Los Angeles, Calif.; sold exclusively at dd's Discounts stores nationwide from December 2011 through January 2012. The sweatshirts have a front zipper and a fur-lined hood with a drawstring stitched to each side. "YMI" is printed on the label at the neck. The sweatshirts were sold in gray, purple, pink and black, with either a snowflake or a flower design on the front and back. A heart charm with "YMI" engraved on it is attached to the zipper. The sweatshirts were sold in children's sizes six through 16. The sweatshirts were manufactured in Cambodia.
It seems Nick has been framed, and his ledge-based stance is a desperate last shot at clearing his name. While a crowd gathers below and a seasoned detective (Ed Burns) cracks wise about sending this guy to the nuthouse, the pacing Nick demands the presence of Lydia Mercer (Banks), whose last assignment, to talk down a suicidal cop on the Brooklyn Bridge, didn’t end so well.
Along the way, the Magic Fund also supported the Princeton Laptop Orchestra, equipment for field work exploring the symbolic meaning of fire in Africa and the opportunity for students studying French theater to actually spend a week with the Comedie Francaise in Paris.
Stern made his comments shortly after a somber Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson announced that he and the Kings' owners, the Maloof family, had failed to reach agreement after two days of last-ditch talks <U+0096> and that the two sides are too far apart to keep talking about building a facility in the downtown railyard.
SONGS: "Walk This Way," "Dream On," "Jaded"
<U+0095> The Metro Chamber raised long-standing concerns about rules on overtime, meal breaks and rest periods. Restaurants and retailers want more flexible work schedules to, for instance, allow employees to work more hours on fewer days.
"We are trying to showcase <U+0096> really make it visible what is happening downtown," said Megan MacPherson, a spokeswoman for the city. "It's going to be like the community living room."
TRENTON — As mayors told of having to cut service “to the bone” to head off raising property taxes, Assembly Budget Committee Chairman Lou Greenwald said the biggest problem is the state’s “addiction” to that form of taxation.
This is whimsy for whimsy’s sake, and Harper is so annoying that she’s less a character than a combo of nails on a blackboard and a car alarm.
Projecting talent in linemen has been a success for Oregon regardless of where they come from.
Understand Rap: Explanations of Confusing Rap Lyrics You and Your Grandma Can Understand, by William Buckholz (Abrams Image; 181 pages; $12.95 paperback). Although it's probably best to spare Grandma the literal translation of "I'm about to get my Bill Clinton on."
he and his wife have two sons, 19 and 21, to put through college, and Wyard, 61, sees that pushing back retirement for several years.
Since the Cardinals left Florida for the regular season, Craig's rehab has been designed to strengthen his right leg. That has meant a regimen of weightlifting, agility, and running workouts. Craig started at designated hitter in the first five games of his rehab assignment in part because of the strenuous workouts before the game.
"I make him come back and show the kids stuff," Hansel said. "He's a legend in the wrestling room and hasn't even graduated yet.
So far, the race is expected to go off as planned. The intrepid professionals are skilled at racing on skinny tires down wet mountainsides.
As NASCAR drivers take their warm-up lap around the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on Feb. 28, a shiny Shelby GT350 will lead the way.
Our latest story further delves into the problems with the exam and looks at an alternative test used by nearly 1,000 departments across the country, including many in suburban Chicago.
At one point, Nikkel stepped out onto the House balcony above the rally to listen to what was happening. An observer called it an "Evita-like moment."
It was more of the same in the third, and then some. After Andrus reached on a chopper off the plate, Hamilton lined an opposite-field drive into the left-field seats. Beltre followed with this sixth home run, the fourth time in 30 games that Texas has homered in successive at-bats.
"The fact that they've looked at the (data) does not mean that there have not been any serious adverse events," said Rodney Young, chief financial officer of StemCells Inc. Passing the review does mean no problems have been serious enough to stall the trial, which is mainly meant to judge the treatment's safety. Full information on safety and possible hints about the treatment's effectiveness won't be available until after the trial ends in late 2008 or 2009.
It might not seem that way because his solo album -- under the moniker OBNOX -- was finished in a week. The entire process: bashing out the tunes, recording, mixing.
As if that wasn't enough testing to think about, we recently had to write a $200 check for AP testing as well, both to try to get college credit and to bulk up my college application. At almost $100 per test, it is not cheap. An actual college course is more expensive than the test, so assuming that you pass it (with the aid of study guides and books that you also must pay for), you do save money later on.
The Holland Tunnel’s north tube, which handles traffic heading from New York to New Jersey, will be closed for road maintenance from 1 to 8 a.m. on Saturday and Sunday.
Seto and Eveny Pagan, the district's director of assessment, said the goal is to teach the crucial subject material, not teach to the test. "The tactics aren't just to focus on the test scores, because that would be a mistake," Seto said.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 26.25, or 2.2 percent, to 1,161.79. All 10 industry groups fell sharply, led by energy companies, materials makers and banks. The index is headed for its sixth straight decline, the longest losing streak since August.
The latest report from Multnomah County puts Kitzhaber up, 49 percent to 48 percent, a 6,000 vote margin against Dudley.
"Just thinking about it right now, I could start crying," Elissa Morgante said. "There's no chance of not sharing how upset I'll be. But I'm so incredibly happy for her."
1. Combine wine, apple and orange in a small bowl. Let sit for at least 10 minutes.
The City Hall meeting included Mark Barbash, assistant director of the Ohio Department of Development; Summit County Executive Russell Pry; U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown; Nick Ciofani from U.S. Rep. Steve LaTourette's staff; and Edward Montgomery, the White House Director of Recovery for Auto Communities and Workers, as well as Procop and Finch.
Christie's November win in a blue state and combative tone with public workers unions has earned him national media attention and plaudits from conservative pundits, leading Tapper to call him a "rising Republican star" in the leadup to the interview.
— Brittany McShane, Worth
Brian Elliott made 26 saves for the Blues, who had a franchise-record 30 home victories during the regular season.
Mr. Champion, who was previously healthy, died within an hour of the alleged hazing incident, according to the medical examiner's report. An autopsy found "extensive contusions of his chest, arms, shoulder and back," the report said.
As for the second week of the season, Waterloo's schedule remains hard. The Bulldogs got a breather on Tuesday, slugging Cahokia 21-0 in four innings. But they play at New Athens (4-2) on Thursday and travel to Collinsville on Saturday to face the Kahoks and Rock Falls in a round robin.
When KDKB went on the air, two rival "rock" stations on the AM dial in the Phoenix area, KRIZ and KRUX, played Top-40 music.
"We are keeping a close eye on this system and it appears there is a pretty good shot of getting this wintry mix," said Shawn Weagle, a forecaster for the National Weather Service in Portland. "Predicting any kind of frozen precipitation for this area is a huge challenge."
"This is an area that needs some attention," she said. "There may be some training, or greater level of accountability needed on this front."
He is old-school and cutting edge, someone who knows when to employ tried-and-true technique and when to reach into his bag of tricks to pull off something that dazzles and delights.
94. RHP Tyrell Jenkins -- ETA: 2014
Like many long-time homeowners, Gerry Rock and Todd Pagenhart had outgrown their house, but didn't want to leave the familiarity of their neighborhood or deal with the hassles of moving to a larger one.
Holding a weapon as a "prop" at a convention is no replacement for prudence, polite yielding and listening to the needs of all of the people. Let's not fall for flattery in a political beauty contest. Let us aim well and vote in the best interests of our country.
When it comes to fundraising, "If I don't love the project, I can't sell it,'' she said. "If I love the project, I can do it and do it and do it. And I really loved this project.''
Geoffrey Rush in "The King's Speech"
Both studies were presented at the annual meeting of the Pediatric Academic Societies in Boston.
The defendants are Mantra Films Inc. and MRA Holding LLC. Their attorney, David Dalton, said Thursday, "I'm kind of shocked and surprised." He noted, "It was a pretty cleanly tried case, and the plaintiff got to present all the information they wanted. I was disappointed. I thought the jury did a great job in listening to all the evidence and making their verdict."
He sent Laugh Track an e-mail explaining why he picked Cleveland for the taping over New York. He'll shoot an opening and the Rock Hall, for one. He loves club owner Nick Kostis.
Calming techniques for colicky babies, as popularized by Dr. Harvey Karp, pediatrician to the stars, have now been shown to reduce pain measurably in infants receiving routine vaccinations at 2 months and 4 months.
Q: Were those your first holes in one?
Even Sal Russo, the longtime California Republican political operative who helps fund the Tea Party Express, acknowledges that the Arizona law creates problems for the party.
But as with a guy who's shaved off his beard after 10 years, what's new -- even if it's familiar -- can look pretty strange, until we learn how to adapt.
So here's something to think about: Sure, Stewart was involved in a wreck at Talladega. But it's his response to it — not the accident itself — that's got everyone talking.
Dry out slices of bread to process into fine breadcrumbs.
At People's Health, he said, "If they can't pay, we don't turn them away."
Tedesco, who is getting a full pension, was on the Nassau force for 17 years.
Richard, the Southland's leading scorer, went 3-for-11 from the field and coughed up three turnovers in the first half. McNeese went 9 for 30 from the field overall and was outrebounded 20-15.
Five people, including two children, died from injuries related to a suspected tornado in the northwest Oklahoma town of Woodward early Sunday morning, said Amy Elliott of the state Medical Examiner's Office.
But consumers will be able to put some cash back into their wallets with a new law on gift cards.
Authorities believe that, like the Christmas bomb and the printer bombs, this latest device is the handiwork of either al-Qaida's master bomb maker in Yemen, Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, or one of his students.
On a day of heavy diplomacy, the president also was looking to contain deepening worries over Iran amid a fresh United Nations atomic agency report that Iran is working secretly on a nuclear weapon.
In fact, though, the opposite is true: Princeton is at its finest when the crowds are elsewhere. This tiny harbor town north of Half Moon Bay feels like a drowsy New England fishing village, a laid-back destination with just enough diversions for a quick and low-stress getaway.
7. A lemonade stand is a fun way to teach kids about money while they get to show off their entrepreneurial skills. Let them build a table or stand and make the advertisement signs. All you need to do is provide coins for change and a watchful eye.
She then finished with an exclamation point, scoring a 9.6 on uneven bars to pass teammate and close friend Hailey Gilleland, Cherry Creek freshman Sela Buted and Thornton's Haley Burke for the all-around crown.
“8 o’clock! It’s 8 o’clock and he hasn’t woken up for food!” I yelled at my husband as I rolled over and entered panic mode.
Moreover, just because A&M moved its regents meeting ahead of a Texas legislature review of the matter scheduled for Tuesday doesn't mean the legislature can't still have say in the outcome.
Los Angeles Lakers' TV play-by-play voice was not renewed. The Lakers had planned to move Spero Dedes from the radio job into Meyers' slot, but after the sides reached a verbal agreement Dedes bolted to a broadcasting job with the New York Knicks. Then the New York Post reported that he was arrested over the weekend in New York for drunken driving. Longtime Southern California sportscaster Bill Macdonald ends up with Meyers' old job.
Sudan denies ever supporting Kony.
"I have a fascination with Mexican flavors and ingredients," says Richman. "And getting the chance to create with them and explore them further has something I've been thinking about for a while."
Principal: Douglas Wood, senior vice president, academic affairs.
In recent congressional testimony, Chu committed the classic Washington gaffe of inadvertently telling the truth when, asked if lowering gas prices was an administration goal, he said no, reducing oil imports was. Soon he was backpedaling, saying keeping the lid on gas prices was necessary in times of economic stress like now.
Investors pulled money from U.S. stock mutual funds and added to bond funds in April as the stock market had its first losing month of the year. But investors were clearly willing to take on some risk, as funds investing in foreign stocks attracted new cash.
Police Officers Association have agreed to put differences aside and proceed with a new election, nullifying an earlier vote that some accused of being tainted.
Don’t forget to do a post-wedding "trash the dress" photography session by jumping into a crystal clear underground cenote in full costume.
Lenny Hunt was air-lifted by helicopter ambulance to OHSU Hospital, where he was treated and released Sunday afternoon. Thorne said he is recovering from his injuries.
In a case involving a developmentally disabled Forest Grove High School student, her special education teacher started having sex with her after she turned 18. The state revoked his license, but he was not charged with a crime because of her age.
Drawing on the concept of "Duck-on-a-Rock," a game Naismith played as a boy in which players lofted rocks in order to knock other rocks off a base stone, Naismith attached two peach baskets to the opposite ends of a gymnasium ten feet above the floor (a measurement which remarkably holds true today), posted thirteen rules (almost all of which are outdated), and brought out a leather soccer ball (the "dribble" had not yet been invented). On December 21, 1891, the first "Basket Ball" game was played, and the sport that would come to capture the imagination of millions was born.
Inside, there’s new lighting levels and fixtures as well as modern seating and furniture, including booths, chairs, high-seated community tables and lounge-style seating areas.
B. Wiseman
Prius drivers in Japan and the U.S. have complained of a short delay before the brakes kick in -- a flaw Toyota says can be fixed with a software programming change. The lag occurs as the car is switching between brakes for the gas engine and the electric motor -- a process that is key to the hybrid's increased mileage.
And make no mistake: Daytona Beach has been dangerous long before Ellie's death this past weekend.
"We have made some lifelong friends and made some incredible relationships with people in the central-Phoenix area," Brad Moore said. "That's been the most amazing thing for us. It's a neat culture event."
Portantino said the speaker's actions "proved my point" that he was never over budget to begin with and that the speaker controls the purse strings. He said he believed following through with the threat would have put Pérez in a legally tenuous situation.
Fran Martin, the father of St. Charles West coach Craig Martin, died Dec. 27 at age 71.
Already, courts have overturned the sentences of three men who spent years, even decades, behind bars for crimes they didn't commit. There may be others, because the same fraudulent — and later discredited — "expert witness" who helped convict them also testified in dozens of other cases. Some are still in prison, while others who are out now have felony records.
Economic developers have persuasive arguments. Foreign companies setting up shop here will be closer to a large base of American customers, including the large California and Texas markets. They can avoid the cost of shipping products overseas. Arizona has a relative absence of natural disasters, lots of inexpensive real estate and a ready pool of workers skilled in a variety of fields.
The idea was born in early 2010, when Squires and his wife, Michelle, were watching the television show "The Biggest Loser" and lamenting America's growing girth. Michelle Squires, a former school teacher and aerobics instructor, challenged her husband to do something about childhood obesity.
The move was likely to allay at least some Western concerns over Tymoshenko's health and handling in prison. Top EU officials and some EU governments have vowed to boycott the European football championship matches co-hosted by Ukraine in June, and Ukraine had to cancel a regional cooperation summit this weekend after most heads of central and eastern European states canceled their visits over the Tymoshenko case.
Something extra: Every Wednesday at Source is paella night. In addition to the full tapas menu, the restaurant offers diners a special treat. For $20 per person, they serve up a large bowl of paella, freshly prepared in their massive 3-foot paella pan, along with the choice of either a glass of sangria or one of their beers. It all begins at 7 p.m.
The popular summertime vacation resort of Fire Island is actually a 30-mile strip of villages located just east of Cedar Beach. While some parts of western Fire Island are accessible by motor vehicle, most visitors travel there by ferry.
The U.S. government has ordered the deportation of 16-year-old Eugene Kotelnikov, an honors student at Washington High School, and his 37-year-old mother Tatiana Miroshnik.
State PBA president Anthony Wieners says the ad is a last resort.
The style icon is no stranger to high-end marketing, earlier this year the International Brand Ambassador debuted her second collaboration with Coach with a series of fashionable print commercials.
Creation of the special commission would require legislative approval. State House Speaker Frank McNulty, R-Highlands Ranch, said Tuesday that Republicans are finalizing details of the commission and working on a bill to implement it. A McNulty spokesman said today the bill could be introduced this week.
FREMONT
When the big event occurred, the controller said to the shuttle craft: "Welcome to New York, and thanks for the show."
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Family members will hold a vigil at 6 p.m. Saturday at East 66th Street and Wren Avenue for Steven Harte, who was shot in the head while inside his house in the 2900 block of East 66th Street. The house was set on fire.
Back to the running game. Here’s what the Giants gained on rushes after Bradshaw ran for 13 and 5 on their first drive: 3, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, minus-2, 2, 3, 3, 0 (fumbled snap), 0, minus-1, 8, minus-5 (safety), 3, 2, 3, 3, 9, 9, 3. Gah!
Carolyn Beauchamp of the Mental Health Association in New Jersey called the decision "right on target."
He was "built like a small tank and when he laughs, he rumbles," the Times of London said in 1989 and postulated that Reagan had seen in him "another born communicator."
Sounds at the Station
Now, lawmakers are making a procedural move to have them heard by a conference committee made up of members of the Assembly and the Senate. Whatever they come up with will go directly to the floor of each house of the Legislature and skip the regular committee process altogether.
Lewandowski would reopen her case in a second, if it were up to her. But it may not be possible, if Merzbacher is offered and accepts the original plea deal, which included a provision to drop those known cases.
The governor's office has shone the spotlight on school districts where teachers accepted wage freezes, holding press conferences in schools in Boonton and Montclair.
Mexican officials seize $2.1 million near border
Royce, second grade
Not just the logo, everything else looks familiar too. The Roman red walls. The milky glass light fixtures. The bare wood tables. The pounding rock music track. And the brown paper place mats printed with Italian cartoons or diagrams of office products in Italian. The menu itself is virtually identical to that of the original locale, which is what we all were hoping, isn't it?
<U+0095> 11. Atlanta (7): Jeff Teague's play at point guard could help take pressure off Joe Johnson.
O'Neal knows something about cultivating a prolific career. His basketball resume: 19 seasons with the NBA. Aside from the Heat, his other teams have included the Orlando Magic, Los Angeles Lakers, Phoenix Suns and the Cleveland Cavaliers. He competed for the Boston Celtics for one season before retiring June.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution asked the state attorney general Friday to investigate Atlanta Public Schools for withholding a critical report largely confirming the newspaper’s findings last year that test results in a dozen schools were highly suspicious.
As they say, stay tuned.
HOURS: 11:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. for lunch, 5 p.m.-10 p.m. for dinner.
As businesses repay their loans, the county will use that money to make new loans. A small percentage of loans could be forgiven, however. Other loans could be made directly from banks, with the county guaranteeing repayment.
Incandescent light bulbs will be changed to more energy- and cost-efficient LED lights; the City Council unanimously approved the change at its April 9 meeting.
Colorado Rockies
It's a physical competition, but a large portion of it is mental, Reed said.
After high school, Bales attended Ohio State University for three years without graduating, according to local news reports, then moved to Florida, where he tried to start up a financial business before deciding in 2001, in the wake of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, to enlist in the Army.
"I don’t get it. I’m not going to claim there was politics involved here ... but that to me raises questions," said Nunnally.
"I've just been a lucky girl," she says. "The challenge is to make sure I'm not referred to as 'singer Julianne Johnson.' That's too minimizing for what I do. I am an entertainer. I have to do all of these things for you to see me completely as an artist. But I think the one-woman show may be the way to show that."
Galleries began to proliferate in the early 1960s and '70s, blossoming to a thriving gallery district in Old Town Scottsdale in the '80s. In 1975, "King of the Road" country star Roger Miller sang at the opening of the Scottsdale Center for the Arts.
sign up this year. But as of this week, a little more than 8,000 had enrolled, officials said.
What's your favorite Cleveland bridge?
Meyers, 27, of Douglasville., Ga., had pushed sleds that won a bronze medal in the 2010 Olympics and a silver medal in the 2009 world meet. Last year, in her first worlds as a driver, Meyers had finished ninth with a different pusher.
Crews smoothed out a pothole-packed portion of Nottingham under a railroad bridge between East 185th Street and St. Clair Avenue. Road Rant shared a few complaints about the rough stretch in Wednesday's column.
"We are not here to criticize the NYPD, but rather thank them for monitoring extremists — a job that Muslims should be doing," said the narrator, Dr. Zudhi Jasser.
The authority has also sought proposals to privatize toll collection on the Turnpike and Parkway, a move that would affect the jobs of more than 850 employees. Toll collectors have indicated they may be willing to give millions of dollars in wage and other concessions if their jobs are not privatized.
Since the 2010 election ushered in the supermajority, the state budget has been a Republican-only affair.
Some winners, such as Chrysler and Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne, featured on today's Free Press front page as Executive of the Year, are well known. Others are beginning to make their mark. They range from a marketing specialist who made Detroiters feel proud to engineers who led rapidly expanding technologies to high school students poised to be our engineers of the future. All are profiled in this special expanded Business section.
One of the most irresistibly idiotic films of the festival, "Codependent" is about a bunch of aliens who come to Earth to observe our culture and fix the ecosystem, when one of them falls in love with a lonely store clerk named Jane (Lisa Haas). The special effects are hysterically rudimentary and the aliens make "SNL's" Coneheads look like CGI masterpieces. Shamelessly charming fun.
After Enron's collapse in 2002 and subsequent liquidation efforts, city leaders attempted to take control of the plant. The Beaverton City Council approved an aggressive purchase plan in March 2004, claiming they intended to own it temporarily and would sell it to private industry as soon as possible.
On every given Sunday, Cleveland, in particular, turns to pro football. Also on Saturdays late in the season. And selected Thursday nights. Monday nights, too, especially if ESPN decides to risk it with the Browns. Fans here need football, even when it is the dog days of the baseball season. It is part of their lives, from high schools to the NFL.
"This issue will be addressed in our normal agreement-state consultations scheduled for this month," NRC spokesman David McIntyre said.
The attrition would keep the department from having to assume the cost of 50 officers, supported by Justice Department funding, when a federal grant runs out. Terms of the grant preclude reductions in force while it is in effect, but Slay said he has received indications that the federal funding will continue regardless.
The boat will stay that way until the river recedes, Strobbe said. Then a skeleton crew will haul out the slot machines and furniture, clean the place up and batten it down for an uncertain future.
In both cases, the cause of the problem is the same: workers not correctly installing critical parts on the car.
For years, Al Richmond has been collecting - schedules, pamphlets, photos, even locomotives - things that would tell railroad's story as it unfolded in Arizona.
Activities: Cardinal Ritter Brotherhood Induction ... Intern Leadership Program ... National Medical Association ... National African-American Youth Initiative Scholar ... Jack and Jill of America
EWING -- Starting May 2, township trash collection will be cut in half: Residents will have garbage pickup once a week instead of twice.
Silvertones Music Group: Musicians and singers get together to practice and plan programs for special events. New members welcome. Weekly 10 a.m. Mon and Wed.
Hough said 77kids has a floral-smock top with colors that match solid bottoms.
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. — A psychologist who looked into a 1998 allegation against former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky told police at the time that his behavior fit the profile of a likely pedophile, NBC News reported today.
Casta<U+FFFD>eda, director of secondary-language development at Phoenix's Creighton School District, recalls one saying, "It's somebody from your church who did this." Another, according to Casta<U+FFFD>eda, said, "Your (Mormon) brother did this."
"The first leg of the tour -- I'm talking about the deep black South, right? -- we didn't know how black people were going to receive these white rappers," D.M.C. said.
Dressler said that if the council had voted the project down, it would still have likely won approval from the state Department of Environmental Protection, and the Highlands Council would have had less control over it. Approving the project means the environmental-mitigation plan Highlands Council staff developed in cooperation with Tennessee Gas will become effective, he pointed out.
Dittoe said office space for the apportionment process was approved by both Batchelder and Senate Minority Leader Capri Cafaro, a Youngstown-area Democrat ,and that the law was never violated.
Talbott and Larry James, a lawyer who represented Pryor through his NCAA issues, both said that money never changed hands between the photographer and the quarterback.
At the time, Merck said the cuts would not start in earnest until next year.
Today, she is a stay-at-home mom in the Arcadia district of east Phoenix, taking her 11-year-old daughter Alex and 9-year-old son Jaxx to their sports functions.
While it might have seemed that Smith would be tied to the bench for a stretch, it wasn't long before Pitino re-inserted him in the game.
That's fundamentally unfair, both to older jurists whose skills remain sharp and to the people they serve. It also ignores two key facts.
Tannenbaum indicated the futures of Drew Stanton and Greg McElroy are uncertain. Stanton signed a one-year, $1.25 million contract last week, with a $500,000 signing bonus guaranteed, to be the team’s No. 2 quarterback. Tannenbaum said keeping four quarterbacks is an option, but that is certainly not what Stanton hoped for.
"Building on home retention and payment assistance programs already in place, we are meeting our obligation to deliver this additional relief to our customers following the completion of the recent global mortgage settlement," Ron Sturzenegger, legacy asset servicing executive, said in a statement. "To the extent principal reduction and other modification tools help us turn mortgages headed for possible foreclosure into long-term performing loans, it will be positive for homeowners, mortgage investors and communities."
Other seed investors include actor Ashton Kutcher and Palo Alto-based Felicis Ventures.
As in past years, this collaborative effort is sponsored by Merrick House, Tremont West Development Corporation and Cleveland Ward 3 Councilman Joe Cimperman. Event sponsors also include Target, Cuyahoga Arts & Culture and local businesses.
Baroni said in his opening statement that the Port Authority was forced to raise tolls after "decades of excessive spending" and a recession-related $2.6 billion decline in revenues, in order to move ahead with urgent projects that would also create 16,000 construction jobs.
It was in stark contrast to the horrific events witnessed from that same area little more than 10 years ago when low-flying jets battered the Twin Towers in the wrenching 9/11 terrorist attacks.
The agency recommended, among other things, that the CFBAI develop consistent and high-quality nutritional standards and extend them to all advertising and promotional techniques, including product packaging and point-of-sale advertising.
Judge Miriam Span, sitting in Elizabeth, said the confession could not be allowed because it occurred after Diaz-Bridges had asked to speak to his mother, which was akin to asserting his rights to speak with a lawyer or remain silent.
In place of that system, Romney would give Americans a tax break to buy their own health plans, regardless of whether their employers offered coverage.
The dispute has sucked up untold man-hours and legal fees as the agency has tried to navigate a course that satisfies both sides and passes legal muster.
"There's a risk of not compartmentalizing all the pain you experience with your client," he said.
It was with much puzzlement that I read David Brooks's discussion (9/14/11) of evidence that the great majority of American young adults are depressingly -- indeed, alarmingly -- unable to distinguish right from wrong, confront moral dilemmas or interpret the meaning of life. Puzzlement because of the famous religiousness which so conspicuously distinguishes Amertican culture from that of western Europe.
budget presentation a week ago, city schools Superintendent Kelvin Adams laid out a plan Wednesday that includes closing Beaumont High over three years and opening Sumner High as a charter school in 2012.
The National Enquirer may have broken the story this week, but the Portland Tribune got the first hot tip in early 2007.
Quinnipiac surveyed 1,437 Ohio voters between Nov. 28 and Dec. 5, and the results have a margin of error of 2.8 percentage points. Five hundred of those voters were Republicans, and the smaller sample results in a larger margin of error, 4.4 percentage points.
Records: No. 12 seed Eastern Michigan 23-8, 13-3 Mid-American; No. 5 seed South Carolina 23-9, 10-6 SEC.
NEWARK — The leader of a New Jersey mosque that was listed in a secret NYPD surveillance report is using the incident to try and recruit new members.
(05-03) 16:41 PDT San Francisco (AP) --
Fernandez, who had multiple dazzling drives and even a four-point play, said he felt confident and played as aggressively as he has all season, in part because he had the ball in his hands more often.
A previous chart published June 13, 2010, in The Oregonian based on data collected from July 2008-June 2009 ranked Tuality 15th out 15 hospitals. In comparing the two charts, Tuality has improved three places in hospital rankings and has shown improvement, some dramatic, in 9 of 10 categories.
I asked Schikora what it meant.
<U+0093>We see a direct link between them and the girls,<U+0094> he said, declining to go into specifics.
"I want to share with you that just as you have all these people out here tonight, all this support against it, we have twice as much in Ridgefield in support of it," Vincentz told the crowd. "Because we want the light rail."
Seton Hall was also playing a second consecutive game without its senior point guard and leader Eugene Harvey against one of the conference’s longest and more physical defenses, the result being 12 assists and 16 turnovers.
Rocky River reached the end zone in the fourth before Scholle concluded the game’s scoring with a 3-yard touchdown run.
Colorado Gonzalez has also been named in a U.S. federal indictment filed Friday in the District of Columbia. He is accused of criminal association in the production and distribution of cocaine in the U.S. The U.S. is seeking his extradition.
"We don't need CarGo and Tulo to do anything special or more than they are capable of," veteran first baseman Todd Helton said. "We just need (them) to do what they've done. Sometimes it's easy to forget how hard the game is. You have to grind your way through it, and this team has a chance to do that more than in the past."
Miller, in my book, is classified as a "hanging judge." She metes out the severest penalties and is not one to sit around wasting taxpayers' time, discussing the sentence.
It is a young-adult fantasy trilogy that has sold millions of copies. It has a teen heroine, a torn-between-two-boys subplot and plenty of gruesome action.
Good for Tebow -- he was a big hit.
View full size"The Opposite Field" is about Jesse Katz's life as his son Max's baseball coach in Monterey Park, Calif., starting with T-ball and ending when Max made the high-school varsity team as a freshman. Jesse Katz inherited more than a little of his mother's do-gooder, save-the-world qualities and ended up spending four years as commissioner of the Little League, an experience he writes about with candor and good humor.
For those in Dexter Village and Dexter Township affected by Thursday night<U+0092>s tornado, dumpsters are being delivered. Please haul debris to the curb, but do not place it in the street. If you have a contractor or restoration company coming to assess your home, they will not be allowed by security checkpoints without a work order that has the resident<U+0092>s name address and description of work. Emergency management crews are handling issues as they are brought to their attention.
But this team can make a lot of happy noise in May, first by knocking off their likely first-round opponent, the Dwight Howard-less and (maybe) Hedo Turkoglu-less Orlando Magic, then by challenging their next likely opponent, the Miami Heat.
The Games are held once every two years. Organizers say this year’s theme is twofold - remembering the victims of the 9/11 attacks and thanking people the world over for the outpouring of empathy and support following the attacks.
All three runs scored with two out against Carmona. After Gordon's leadoff double, Carmona retired the next two batters, but Eric Hosmer singled home Gordon. After a single by Jeff Francoeur, Mike Moustakas hit a two-run double to right center. It could have been worse, but Duncan chased down a long drive by Johnny Giavotella just in front of the left-field wall for the third out.
Superior Court Judge Jerome St. John sentenced Fernandez to 40 years in prison on counts of first degree murder, attempted murder and weapons charges.
Unfortunately, the politics could prove a distraction from unexplored concerns raised by Swanson's work. Accretive didn't just collect bills, it was helping Fairview become an accountable care organization (ACO).
-- Casino operator Wynn Resorts reported a disappointing drop in first-quarter earnings, sending its stock down 4.8 percent.
Bigger, deadlier disasters followed, but they all borrowed from the storylines — morality plays, really — established by the Titanic's sinking: The high-profile investigations ... wall-to-wall news coverage ... issues of blame, technological hubris, ignored warnings and economic fairness — all were themes that played out in the BP oil spill, the space shuttle disasters, Hurricane Katrina, the Exxon Valdez and the recent grounding of the Costa Concordia.
"I'm so proud of him. When you see the courage in this kid who was in that vehicle and had to fight for his family," she said. "He did a damn good job!"
Steve Templeton
David Edwards, who resigned last month from his $110,000-a-year job in the department of technology, was charged in a criminal information today. Edwards is expected to plead guilty, said Gina Balaya, a spokewoman for the U.S. Attorney's office.
Northrup had years of clinical experience as a doctor and as the director of a health center she co-founded in Portland, Maine, called "Women to Women." She had helped many female patients navigate the aptly named "change" and the upheaval it can bring.
BEND -- A judge has convicted a former Redmond police officer of assault and harassment in a 2006 traffic stop.
Because of its proximity to the river, downtown Portland and Portland State University, each piece of the Schnitzer Campus will face major scrutiny.
There have been some displays of bipartisanship on the bills that must be passed just to keep government running. As for bigger issues, legislators still have a chance to act on a lot of important bills moving through the chambers, and plenty of colleagues outside leadership who have demonstrated their willingness to work together. In the House, Republican Tom Massey of Poncha Springs remains a welcome source of independent thought. In the Senate, Fort Collins Democrat Bob Bacon's thoughtful approach, willingness to compromise and patience in committee hearings remain a model for how to be an effective legislator.
The industry leader during the 1980s, Mentor stumbled early in the '90s and started running third in the sector -- behind industry leader Synopsys and Cadence Design Systems. Sales have grown slowly and after years of ups and downs, Mentor shares today are below where they were when Rhines took over 17 years ago.
øAt least at the moment, inflation doesn't seem like it's going to rear its ugly head. Yes, the Federal Reserve has pumped a lot of money into the system. But that money is largely sitting in bank reserves, because loan demand is so low.
DENVER — Even in what was considered a rebuilding season, Connecticut remained a serious title threat right down to the wire.
Milner, the Frozen Four's most outstanding player, made 27 of his 33 saves in the final two periods.
However, Matheny said if the regulatory bill is not approved, she hopes the county will keep the proposal's educational component, such as a road map and signs alerting bicyclists about dangerous roads and safer routes.
The attorneys said officers withheld crucial information from paramedics and jail medical staff about Chasse's injuries and the use of force used against him, and made false statements about Chasse, planting bread crumbs to look like drug evidence.
A SURVIVAL SPORT
“We all walked out of the U.S. District Court with the mantra, the matter has been resolved to the satisfaction of all parties,” Friedman said.
Jon Hilkevitch
Well, I probably should keep my trap shut or things may get crowded, but I stumbled across a neighborhood parade a few years back that would light your sparkler.
Our AAA bond rating is based on the credit rating agencies' belief that the risk of Maryland defaulting on our state debt is not much greater than the risk that the US government will not pay back its bondholders.
The body keeps cool by increasing blood flow to the skin and sweating. Listed below are drugs that disturb the body's natural cooling mechanism and how they may cause you to overheat.
p.m. when giving him his medication.
Obama called on Congress to provide more money for regulators and increase penalties for market manipulators. The president, flanked by Treasury SecretaryTimothy F. Geithnerand Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr., suggested that traders and speculators are affecting the price of oil and digging into Americans' pocketbooks.
Maricopa said crews leave the station to meet training requirements, on-duty calls and off-site needs like grocery shopping.
When I caught up with Lananna and Co., they were squeezed into a corner of the Deschutes Public House bar. A local television crew was interviewing Williams and Hostetler.
“Everyone believes in each other. Everyone knows we’re in this locker room for a reason: We can all play. They made a big deal of having nine homegrown players on the field to start the game. It’s nine pretty good players that a lot of clubs would be happy to have on their team.’’
Kristina Torres joined The Atlanta Journal-Constitution in 2003. She has covered many issues involving metro Atlanta schools, including Cobb County's aborted effort to give students laptops, Sembler Co.'s negotiations with the DeKalb County school system over a mammoth mixed-use project and last year's statewide test-cheating scandal that saw 13 educators banned from Georgia's schools for 90 days or more. A Colorado native, Torres graduated from the University of Colorado in 1994.
Three of the city's most prominent arts leaders arrived in the same year, 2003 -- bringing with them new ideas, new visions and new personalities. A fourth leader, Chris Coleman, had arrived in 2000 to lead Portland Center Stage.
As I've been reporting recently, "flash" or "private sale" is the current "big thing" in travel deals. You have a very short time to buy the deal, but it's usually good over several weeks to months. And some of the deals are, in fact, really good. But the flash sale system also entails some caveats.
Computer desks, file cabinets, rocking and upholstered chairs, office supplies, and "tons and tons of kitchen stuff and other church items" will be sold from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at 2000 S.W. Country Club Road.
Jack Arsenault, the Chatham attorney representing Gartland, indicated his client has cooperated with prosecutors. Arsenault said Gartland has spoken with investigators for four or five hours and turned over 30,000 pages of documents.
And, again, with profits of just 2.2 percent of revenues, they can't eat many costs. So rates will go through the roof.
"Saturday night and holidays the place really jumped," Balch wrote. "Men wore tuxedoes, the women their newest evening gowns and wraps."
As we watched Ryan Porter go 4-for-4 with two home runs and three runs batted in during a 13-10 victory over Indianapolis, I asked Whitey if he was in the process of preparing a speech for Cooperstown.
it a point to intrude into our lives, and I am not sure how we can manage this.
Edrick's name will soon be added.
"The Amazing Race" (CBS)
A: The new onset of floaters may indicate a detachment of the vitreous gel from the retina. In some patients, this tears the retina, which can lead to a retinal detachment. A dilated eye exam is recommended to be sure there is no retinal tear or detachment. It should be done as soon as possible if new floaters appear in abundance or if the person's vision is obscured. If a tear or detachment is ruled out, occasional floaters are not a serious phenomenon. In some patients, however, they can be very disturbing. If the troublesome floaters do not subside, surgery can be performed to remove them, but in the majority of patients, this is not necessary.
The plane and shuttle headed south and made one last flight over the beaches of Cape Canaveral - thousands jammed the shore for a glimpse of Discovery - then returned to the space center in a final salute. Cheers erupted once more as the pair came in low over the runway before finally turning toward the north.
… the inspirational/humorous sayings on the message boards on a church's lawn. For instance: “God answers knee mail.”
As I watch in horror, she is ruining something in the cast-iron frying pan in which thousands of bad meals have been prepared over the years. I intuitively know she is following her habit of cooking in oil never quite hot enough, which will result in chicken both soggy and undercooked. As her older son, I also know from experience that if I'm smart I will eat this masterpiece with a grateful smile.
"Kids who are raised in poverty and hardship have more disease. This might explain why," said Dr. Owen Wolkowitz, a psychiatrist at UC San Francisco who has studied the link between depression and telomere length in adults. He was not involved in the Duke study.
Besides Baylor's win over Notre Dame for the women's title, Drew's team won a school-record 30 games and reached the NCAA regional finals.
Trading down is risky, but it can work if you don't trade down very far. For example, if the players ranked No. 25 through No. 38 on the draft board have similar grades, it might make sense to trade down to select the 38th-ranked player. But you need to acquire more picks in return for making that move.
three-time NL Most Valuable Player Albert Pujols will be among several honorees at a highly publicized and potentially politically charged Saturday morning rally expected to draw more than 20,000 to The Mall.
To crush! To lift the lean of that black bluff!
Egypt's ruling military council promised Sunday to reshuffle the Cabinet, hours after the Islamist-dominated parliament suspended sessions to protest the panel's failure to heed repeated calls for the government's dismissal.
Smith said Freeport was devastated by hurricanes in 2004 and 2005 and has been eclipsed by Nassau in recent years, after the opening of the Atlantis mega-resort helped set off a hotel-building boom on New Providence Island. New Providence, where Nassau is located, is linked to Paradise Island — site of the Atlantis — by a causeway.
For more than 40 years, John "Jack" D. Mooney, served up fried chicken, his special "jo-jo" potatoes and a side of one-liners that often had people lined up on Penn Avenue N. as they waited for a table inside the small pub on Minneapolis' North Side known as Mooney's.
These bleak figures point to the danger of losing a generation due to the prolonged downturn in the economy. Teens are competing with adults for whatever jobs they can find.
The suspense is whether Nate will indeed use his father’s gun to take revenge and shoot Victor. Eliot takes a moment to deliver a speech about how this isn’t a good idea, and he should know – he’s killed people before, and Nate hasn’t.
It figured to be a low-scoring game, based on the run support the two pitchers have been receiving. Smyly has now made a quality start in each of his last five starts, but he<U+0092>s won only one. The other four have been no-decisions, and in those four games, the Tigers have scored a total of six runs while he<U+0092>s been in the game.
Pillsbury set up a research fund in his name and pioneered - with the help of many others, she insisted - philanthropic activities like the Diamond Ball which has earned close to $3 million since 1986 for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
Bousman is best known for "Saw" installments II, III and IV, and although his latest is a decidedly less bloody genre offering, it's still a trap: a torturously dull waiting game of fake shocks, an incessant "something's coming!" soundtrack of chanting and moody orchestral noodling, dreary investigating into cultishness surrounding "11" and repetitive bickering between the brothers on faith, God, the devil and insanity. All until Bousman reveals the unstimulating twist ending.
Fresh rosemary sprigs (optional for garnish)
The Ducks made national headlines in other ways, too. They unveiled a gigantic Joey Harrington billboard in Times Square to promote the UO quarterback's 2001 Heisman Trophy campaign, pushed the envelope with a dizzying number of uniform combinations and began a building campaign that resulted in some of college football's most posh facilities.
Both Schweich and Montee pledge to serve out the full four-year term if elected.
More information is available at www.firefighteraid.org.
Water experts now say that if Orme had been built, there's no assurance the Verde would have filled it. During the recent drought, Horseshoe Lake, the smaller of the two existing reservoirs on the river, sat empty for months at a time.
"Two months ago, we were talking about a double-dip recession. Now consumer confidence is growing," said Ryan Detrick, senior technical strategist for Schaffer's Investment Research. "A major milestone like 13,000 wakes up a lot of investors who have missed a lot of this rally."
Other fashion moments:
James S. Wright, 33, pleaded guilty to transporting stolen currency across lines in March and admitted he accepted thousands of dollars of the money and helped others count and hide the money.
"If you live in an area where the winters get extremely cold, an all-electric vehicle will have to be garaged and equipped with some kind of plug-in battery warmer for it to be effective in the coldest months of the year."
"We all look forward to the symphony performances," Botti said recently by phone. "That's because when we're playing with an orchestra, almost always we're performing in great venues with wonderful acoustics."
The Newark Fire Department has lost 125 members out of roughly 550 since December of 2009, according to Centanni. He said the department will remain involved in Essex County mutual aid and the state’s Metro Strike Team — a regional confined space rescue unit — despite its reduced size.
"You can use three," running backs coach Dick Tressel said, ruling out four backs getting into a rotation. "There's a role for one in certain situations, and then a pair that works together or takes turns or whatever. That's how we see it playing out."
Two other house favorites are pork ribs and wings. The baby-back ribs are grilled, then slathered with Ed’s special chipotle-barbecue sauce. Half slabs are $8; full slabs are $16. They are fall-off-the-bone tender.
“He’s obviously very well thought of in the organization,” said Carlilse, who spent three years as a Blazers assistant in the 1990s. “He’s done a terrific job since he’s taken over. He changed a few things, they’ve made a couple major roster moves, and he’s integrated guys.
Dry, gusty weather pushed small wildfires across parts of Colorado, including several in the foothills in Jefferson County, as well as fires in Summit, Larimer, Weld and Logan counties.
May 2 Augusta, GA
"It really is kind of nutty here," Jackson affirms, as we wind down a short path from the campground to a quieter cove along the craggy, wave-blasted shore, where miles of foaming coast undulate into the horizon and a bare-chested man bathing in an icy rock pool with a hand-carved trident in his hand smiles genially at us like a retired Neptune. "But it's still really nice," Jackson adds.
Three members of the board would have to vote for clemency for the sentence to be commuted. The panel plans to announce its decision Monday.
The same everlasting Father who cares for you today
peter.hermann@baltsun.com
Council has pressed for the deal ahead of the June 12 adoption of the upcoming year's budget.
The Wilsons lived at 207 Wegman Parkway, which has an alternate address at 185 Martin Luther King Drive. The man who called 911 gave the address as 185 Wegman Parkway, according to yesterday’s ruling. When the police went to that address, they found an unoccupied home, and left.
In wooden buildings, pieces of lumber might fly up in the air, sometimes for great distances. Often, and especially if black powder were used, the lumber would be aflame, like skyrockets.
øYes, this takes time and research.
After you've categorized, organize your clothes by color within each category. Use closet tab dividers between categories if you want to go the extra mile. These can be particularly helpful with look-alike items -- no more struggling to distinguish skinny jeans from bootcut at 6 in the morning.
"This is a textbook example of an aftershock," said Mooney.
Quigley crossed the line 18 minutes and 49 seconds. For her outstanding efforts she is the Journal Athlete of the Week.
Robinson made the formal announcement today, with coach Bill Self by his side.
Why they won’t: Sullinger is struggling to deal with taller centers, and it’s unlikely he’ll avoid a size differential all the way through the championship. In a one-and-done scenario, the chances guard William Buford will overdo it on a tough shooting night is too great.
Outside the courtroom, Benedict said he expects to go to trial, in part because he has yet to see evidence of a crime.
PG, for some mature themes. 88 minutes.
"The banks have finally turned that tobacco corner," he said. "I think they very much have learned how to play the PR game. They're telling consumers the risks. They're saying, 'This product can cost you.' "
1329, David Allara, South Plainfield, 3:00:32.
This is the equivalent to the shopper who pushes an overflowing shopping cart through the 10-items-or-less line at the grocery store. Rule of thumb: The more harried you are when you drive up to the window at your bank or fast-food joint, the more inevitable it is that you will get stuck behind someone counting out pennies or ordering for the office. Never fails.
Since Carimi played left tackle at Wisconsin and Webb started 12 games at right tackle as a rookie last season, keeping them in the spots they played last year also makes sense. But many believe Webb would be more able to matchup against elite pass rushers on the left side because he's more athletic.
"He's big with long arms, played left tackle and he's athletic," Miami general manager Jeff Ireland told Dolphins.com. "He's a very good kid and a high-character guy who was a three-year starter there at Stanford. ... He's young at 22 years old, and there are not a lot of things not to like about the kid."
In its wake, Paul becomes permanently estranged from Warren and does not watch another baseball game for 30 years --until he learns that his dad is dying and designs a scheme to ignite "the restorative powers of forgiveness."
Bummer!
WASHINGTON - The 10-year security compact that President Barack Obama signed with Afghan President Hamid Karzai contains promises the United States and Afghanistan cannot guarantee they will keep, and loopholes for both nations.
Q. What is state government doing, under Governor Kitzhaber, to create jobs?
Chrome browser, and Apple's iTunes.
Hazelwood West trailed by one after the first half but rallied for a 2-1 double overtime win over Hazelwood Central Wednesday at Florissant Civic Center.
“You almost messed up the church’s money,” was the best one, according to the spiritual Cruz.
Hill's legislation on adopting the National Transportation Safety Board's gas safety recommendations, AB578, comes five months after the federal agency issued about a dozen recommendations to PG&E and the utilities commission in response to the San Bruno disaster. The board said a long history of mismanagement by PG&E of its gas system had caused the fatal explosion, and that the PUC hadn't done enough to police the company.
In St. Louis, frozen custard means Ted Drewes. And why not? With lightning fast lines and iconic delights such as the Flying Dutchman and the Terramizzou, Ted Drewes is a tradition. But frozen custard in St. Louis also means being faithful to the stand closest to home. Becoming a regular. Ordering your favorite. And it means sharing a summer night on a hot, sticky parking lot with your kids, friends and neighbors. Some favorites:
The case exploded in the media late last year as Spain was buffeted by Europe's debt crisis, its economic growth grinding to a halt and already huge jobless numbers swelling.
Dudamel will return in March to conduct Bruckner's Seventh Symphony and a program of Tchaikovsky's Shakespeare-inspired scores. Throughout May and in early June, he will continue the "unbound" series, which Salonen began to place classical composers in 21st century contexts, with "Brahms Unbound."
patients.
"They are really willing to challenge the status quo," said Fleming.
Best age: 6 months and older
5234, Benjamin Jann, Hillsboro, 3:24:38.
Davis rolled his ankle in his previous at-bat, limping off the field. He missed most of last season after sustaining a bone bruise in the same ankle.
Today, two of the most prominent will take the field at MetLife Stadium when Cruz, who identifies as half black and half Puerto Rican, lines up at wide receiver for the Giants and tight end Tony Gonzalez, a Mexican-American, suits up for the Falcons.
Atop the Turnpike
Sheen's last saving grace was calling Simon Rex to the stage for backup to rap. When that tanked, "Winning," the track Snoop Dogg recorded for Sheen was played.
The federal government began the bailout of savings-and-loan institutions, which through deregulation and bad real-estate loans began to fail in the mid-1980s. One of the largest thrifts to fail was Lincoln Savings, a major element of Valley resident Charles H Keating Jr.'s empire. Another was Western Savings, Phoenix base of the Driggs family, which was prominent in politics and business.
During those major Portland police callouts, the bureau relied on mutual aid agreements with other police agencies, calling in agencies such as Oregon State Police, Clackamas County Sheriff's Office, and Multnomah County Sheriff's Office, to help cover Portland patrol calls. Other days, Portland police are directing patrol to focus on priority 1 and priority 2 emergency calls, meaning that a host of other non-emergency calls may stack up for who knows how long, Reese said.
Ideally, there would be a solid pace up front that would help Went the Day Well later in the race. He isn't expected to be way back in the 20-horse field but should be in the second tier.
“One of my roles,” Earling added, “is to do whatever we can to make sure the budget is fiscally sound ... And it is a frugal budget. I hope the public understands that when they decide to vote.”
Jon Jay flied deep to left but Ryan Theriot doubled over Heisey's head for anothe run. Skip Schumaker walked and righthander Logan Ondrusek was summoned to faced righthanded-hitting Albert Pujols.
Of course, deeper troubles may be prompting Citi's change.
Last Friday at 3 p.m., with fresh snow on the ground, she strapped little Tatiana Manning in her car seat and headed west, all with her sister's blessing. She stopped only to sleep a few hours at rest stops, arriving back home on Monday around 9 a.m. <U+0096> a 2,790-mile trip.
The finalists, six women and two men, represented the diversity of the Garden State. From public and private schools, the group of Asian-, African-American and white students hailed from North Bergen to Vineland. They performed before several hundred students — many of whom had competed in their school contests — and as many more who watched a live web stream of the three-hour event.
Berger was 0-3 with a 4.37 ERA in five starts with Class AA Akron before being called up.
Graduation was hard on the Bombers offense. Gone are quarterback Sam Van Doren (3,210 yards passing, 42 touchdowns), wide receiver Grant Wallace (81 catches, 1,141 yards, 24 TDs) and running back Karlos Bledsoe (1,132 yards, 17 TDs).
"What's pushing the wealth of whites is the rebound in the stock market and corporate savings, while younger Hispanics and African-Americans who bought homes in the last decade — because that was the American dream — are seeing big declines," said Timothy Smeeding, a University of Wisconsin-Madison professor who specializes in income inequality.
Doherty is trying to change that. He’s been traveling the state promoting his plan to distribute money equally among school districts, sending less money to urban schools and more to suburban and rural areas.
Did I do something wrong, or should I just cut my losses and not go to conciliation court?
"It really addresses the needs of all kids," coordinator Mike Savage said about the literacy blocks.
We dominate a vacuum of power. The Air Force's only rival in the air is the U.S. Navy, owner of the world's second-largest air force. On the seas, the Navy is unrivaled but continues to add ships to the fleet. In this vacuum, members of Congress challenge each service to outspend each other, far beyond what is feasible for true national security. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta noted, "you've also got to take into consideration the national security threat that comes from the huge deficits and the huge debt that we're running." We cannot afford to avoid tough decisions when it comes to our budget. We certainly can't afford to give each branch of the military a blank check for weapons systems we don't need.
A common feature in today's kitchens is the granite-top peninsula. This one was designed to divide the new kitchen from the old, which was converted into the breakfast room.
Police said the rear of the top of the truck was damaged but there were no injuries and no interruption to the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail service.
North, perhaps, to Alton, where Azcon Corp. operates a scrap yard near the Mississippi River, several observers said.
FDIC Acting Chairman Martin Gruenberg outlined the agency's strategy in a speech Thursday. Under the 2010 financial overhaul law, the agency has the authority to seize and dismantle big financial firms that could collapse and threaten the broader system. The aim is to avoid another taxpayer bailout of Wall Street banks in another financial crisis. The FDIC's power extends to financial firms other than banks, such as insurance companies.
"We don't know how they got out there, where the pigs came from," Small said, but animal control officers are working as hard as they can to "provide for them a safe environment."
That June, I volunteered to help with that year's senior party at my old high school. (I was in the video production program in school, and decided to help the next class with their video coverage of the events.)
If the proposal passes the council, it would be the second consecutive year the city has raised fees. Water and sewer fees would increase by 2 percent after rising by 75 percent last year. Bus fare would increase to $2 — representing a $1 increase over the past two years. Service would expand to Edgewater and Eastport.
Other traffic officers saw the incident and stopped Vonhaz as he tried to drive away, police said.
Call it eating for a cause. Plan your menu in a way that helps knock out the third-leading cancer for both men and women: colorectal. Here's how to tune up your meals:
Moffitt didn't know where Seattle would be using him on the line, but said his interest in the Seahawks was piqued a few days ago when Seattle called asking if he was comfortable with the idea of living and playing in the Pacific Northwest.
The main New York power company, Consolidated Edison, didn’t have to go through with a plan to cut electricity to lower Manhattan to protect its equipment. Engineers had worried that salty seawater would damage the wiring.
"Addictive would mean you would have to continue to take more and more to get the same effect, and you'd take it day and night, and you'd get kind of crazy about taking more," Moul explains.
ø"His training was very innovative. He trained dry land with a former gymnast and once a week they would literally run a mountain. He was into roller skiing and cross trained a lot. He made due with the facilities (in Norway) and never thought he was at a disadvantage."
After raising billions for other people's movies as an outside financier, he is building a full-service media company he describes as an "anti-studio" that can revolutionize the entertainment business.
If you opt to share your experience with coworkers, it's a good idea to be prepared for a variety of reactions, Stump-Sutliff says. While some people may respond with understanding and offers of help, others may react awkwardly out of a vague uneasiness about cancer, resent that they had to take on extra duties because of your absence, ask inappropriate questions, or avoid you because they're afraid of saying the wrong thing.
Northa J. Johnson,
Mendenhall was one of two sergeants who helped lead the Hot Spot Enforcement Action Team, known as HEAT, a hard-charging group of officers created in the summer of 2008 to move across the city and target gang-related violence. Most recently, he was assigned to the transit division.
We keep saying it -- Willa's gone, Willa's gone -- but the mantra won't stick. We run into another person rocked by the loss, and we lapse into the language of disbelief: "I can't believe that Willa's gone."
But their Friulian roots still called. Recalling his work with Krankl, Bertoz found some Viognier in Russian River Valley and hauled it back to Napa in a decrepit 1972 El Camino. Then he discovered grapes familiar from their childhoods, Pinot Bianco and Malvasia, in Sonoma's fastidiously farmed Saralee's Vineyard. In 2007, he called owner Saralee Kunde and secured enough for a first vintage. Arbe Garbe - it means "bad weeds" in Friulian dialect - was born.
mitchell.landsberg@latimes.com
AYP is unpopular with some educators and parents because schools are deemed failures if any demographic or academic subgroup falls short of expectations. And boy, do they. In Ohio, only 1,466 of 3,716 schools met AYP standards in the 2008-09 school year.
2776 KEEBLER $129,900
(Seven new shows)
PDQ joins a growing lineup of startups launched locally by teams of former Outback executives. Basham and Chris Sullivan, another Outback co-founder, remain directors with minority ownership stakes in the privately held 1,400 store parent they once led. But both are busy creating their own new concepts beyond the umbrella of OSI Restaurant Partners Inc.
Stocks edged higher Monday and posted bigger gains Tuesday after the Fed left its benchmark interest rate at a record low, as expected. Policymakers said rates would remain low because inflation was in check. The central bank also said there was modest improvement in the job market and that businesses were spending more on equipment and software.
But it's remarkable I'm doing it, and it feels like they're listening and reacting. Like any good piece of fiction, "Binary Domain" makes you believe in fantasy, but the emotions it elicits are real.
Day 4. We are like two ghosts passing through the ether, who cannot see themselves or each other. She makes Caleb and Harry breakfast. I go to the parent-teacher conference. We carry on. But for how long?
The Essex County Prosecutor's Office said said it is eager to retry the case.
The economy grew at a 2.4 percent pace in the second quarter, about half as fast as it was growing late last year. And it may turn out, as the manufacturing sector is hurt by declining exports, that growth right now is even slower than we think.
_ HOW MANY HOME RUNS WILL ALBERT PUJOLS HIT? After ending the longest power drought of his career, the three-time NL MVP was still hitting in the .190s. He's in a new, better league, facing many pitchers he's never seen, playing in a park that's not ultra-homer friendly. His $240 million contract draws a lot of attention, but these are the numbers worth noticing — 47 homers in 2009, down to 42 in 2010, down to 37 last year with St. Louis. The call: Pujols drops again, and finishes with 33.
An Iraq War veteran undergoing treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder pleaded guilty Monday in Minneapolis to lying to federal investigators who were searching for some of the loot from Trevor Cook's $194 million Ponzi scheme.
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/cliffbruntap
— Bishop T.D. Jakes
Opponents attack Prop. 19's provision allowing cities and counties to decide whether to allow commercial pot enterprises and if they do, how much to tax them. They say there should be a uniform state law for regulating sales, as there is for alcohol and tobacco.
To participate in Call of the Wild Dog Camp, dogs should be:
Stein said the correspondence he received "reveals that, in private, GOP lawmakers have pressed for tens of millions of dollars in federal help for their districts, even while decrying federal spending in front of the national press corps." Johnson is the second of 12 lawmakers named in Stein's story.
"My wife and I have had those conversations," former Arizona State safety Riccardo Stewart said. "What's our role in exposing our kids to sports but also protecting them?"
Asked about New York's legalization of same-sex marriage last summer, Ms. Hayworth said: "That's an established fact now in the state of New York, and my job is to think about what the federal role should be. Certainly the state of New York has made its choice."
Civil rights leaders protested the event and scheduled a 3-mile plus march from a high school to the site of a planned King memorial near the Tidal Basin and not far from Beck's gathering.
It was Carroll who finally found out what was going on after first talking with Schneider.
If the bond measure were approved in the fall, West Linn homeowners would have to pay about 16 cents a year more in property taxes for every $1,000 of assessed value. For example, the owner of a home with an assessed value of $285,000 will pay roughly an extra $46 a year in property taxes.
“I feel — inasmuch as this is to appoint a new councilperson for an unexpired term which is not a long time from now — I can step right onto council and do a good job,” Wetzel said Monday. “I’ve always received good reports from my constituents, and I’ve always enjoyed being on council and being in local government.
But, this being the Golden Age of Tin Pan Alley music, Broadway musicals were also how hot new Jazz Age hits were introduced to the public. Eddie Cantor's "Makin' Whoopee" and Cole Porter's "Let's Do It" both debuted in 1928 musicals.
1474, Deborah Putnam, Bend, 3:30:41.
Prominent shareholder Brigade Capital Management, a New York hedge fund, says in proxy filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it wants seats on the board of the casino's parent company, Greektown Superholdings.
$20,447 — A first edition of J.R.R. Tolkein's "The Hobbit," with a correction on the back cover. The first printing, in 1937, was of just 1,500 copies.
Nor for the private sector to get us back into orbit, as Obama assumes it will. True, hauling MREs up and trash back down could be done by private vehicles. But manned flight is infinitely more complex and risky, requiring massive redundancy and inevitably larger expenditures. Can private entities really handle that? And within the next lost decade or two?
"We do not see how investing in an athletics department instead of an academic department furthers the goal of making Rutgers a respected and competitive institution of higher learning," the students said in a letter delivered to McCormick.
Part of the reason for the mistrust of the federal government's ability to manage comprehensive reform is that the nature of immigration across the southern border has changed. In years past, groups of illegal aliens crossing the border tied to human smuggling or drug cartels were the exception to the rule. Today, such ties are the rule. The vast majority of illegal border crossers now have paid to be smuggled across, and an increasing number of these crossers are carrying drugs to subsidize the cost of their passage.
But the pastor, John Lanza, said Friday there have been emails of support from other students at the central Pennsylvania church, 200 miles east of Pittsburgh, Pa., because the intent was to prepare them for what they might encounter as missionaries. He didn't disclose the names of those involved but said the mock kidnappers included an off-duty police officer and a retired Army captain.
"I had been a cowardly father, a scared father, a drunk father," he writes, "and even when I was okay, when I was just a dad who hugged and played with his kids, it was with the backdrop of absence, being too busy, unavailable. In a weird way I became my dad." Even after "Always Running" was published, and he was being feted on "The Oprah Winfrey Show," performing slam poetry in Berlin and counseling members of the fearsome Mara Salvatrucha gang in El Salvador, his family life was in danger of imploding.
Location is a consideration in the decision to approve new centers, but it’s not the most important one, Vigil said.
Walmart, Old Navy, which is part of Gap Inc and Kmart, owned by Sears Holdings', are among the few retailers open on Thanksgiving. Toys R Us opens Thursday evening.
Kennedy (3-1) gave up a season-low four hits, struck out four and walked one while matching his longest outing of the year. It was his first loss in 13 starts, snapping a personal nine-game win streak.
Tri-City’s Justin Feser scored the go-ahead goal with 51 seconds to play and goaltender Ty Rimmer made 17 of his 48 saves in the third period, lifting the Americans to a 4-3 Western Hockey League victory over the Winterhawks before a crowd of 10,224 at the Rose Garden.
For Democrats, keeping their majority intact is crucial. But if they can get just one more from their party elected to reach 48 seats in the Assembly while holding onto their 24 seats in the 40-member Senate, they will have enough votes to put constitutional amendments directly on the ballot, rather than have to pass them twice in two years.
Contributing: Erin Kelly, Gannett Washington Bureau.
1 teaspoon cinnamon
"We'll figure something out," he said.
"The Biggest Loser," season finale
The person said the UAE is pressing the company to install a data server inside the Gulf federation. That move is motivated by a desire to ensure that information sent on the devices remains protected, not to stifle the flow of information as some critics have charged, according to the person.
As a first-year coach in St. Louis, Fisher and the Rams get to begin their offseason program early. But under the new CBA, "early" means April 2, which is still 2½ weeks away.
The Malibu will compete favorably with the Toyota Camry, Ford Fusion, Kia Optima and Hyundai Sonata and will carry an MSRP base of $25,995. Our upgraded model 2SA is $29,230.
Afghan Express Be sure to order mantu. No one in L.A. makes these chubby, meat-filled dumplings like Laila Shinwari. The mantu, their translucent skins pinched into four-corner hat shapes, loll under three strata of brilliantly seasoned sauces that tempt you to keep the whole plate to yourself. Their garlic-laced tomato sauce is topped with a scattering of sunshine-yellow stewed pigeon peas. Then the whole construction gets a drizzle of tart yogurt swirled with sautéed dry mint that slices into the richness like a hot knife through butter.
The nominees would replace former Justice John Wallace Jr., whom Christie declined to reappoint in 2010, and Justice Virginia Long, who faces mandatory retirement on March 1.
White is quick to credit former coach Martin Jenkins for a lot of the success the school's girls basketball team had. White took over the program three years ago after assisting Jenkins.
"I grew five or six inches in a period of two or three months," Howell said. "Once I got my shoulder and all that back and conditioned right, I started working with my pitching coach and he really used my body to help me out to the best of my advantage. I was 85-86 (miles per hour) my junior year off the mound. Once he transformed me, I've been throwing anywhere from 91 to 93."
The house edge is 1 - (100/113.65), which, when multiplied by 100 to convert to percent, gives us a house edge of 10.11 percent. That's pretty hefty, and I've often seen futures books with more than double the house edge.
Fan support is going to take a while when familiarity is a work in progress in a rebuilding season fueled by the lowest payroll in the division. With a 2-and-5 record, these Indians are not likely to fill Progressive Field again for some time.
Violent anti-war extremism
The three-member appeals panel accepted the newspaper’s contention that the public had a right to know how the agency was spending public funds to lure big acts to the 30-year-old arena in the Meadowlands operated by the authority.
Today, we call it the stimulus package. Yesterday, figuratively speaking, it was Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal, the collection of Depression-era aid plans that did more than help steady a staggering nation: They forever changed Oregon's landscape and ways of life.
Similarly, Clevelanders -- who already are prohibited from smoking inside restaurants or bars -- will be further restricted from doing so in certain locations outdoors, including parks, public recreation areas and adjacent to city-owned buildings used by the public.
The Wildcats know they're talented — there are three, maybe as many as five NBA lottery picks on the Kentucky roster — but they play without ego or cockiness, choosing instead to let their superior play overwhelm their opponents.
"We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care," Kasich said. "Almost everyone in Ohio has sacrificed. The leadership of those public employees unions don't want to pay anything."
It's the first time in the 14-year history of the BCS that the same conference had to top three teams in the standings.
He was then driven back to City Hall and those who left the tour at the same time on foot beat him back to City Hall.
When the Jewish Community Center of Cleveland discontinued its adult theater program two years ago, it left a gap in the local theater scene -- and a hole in the Jewish community's soul.
Superior opposes it because of worries it would exacerbate traffic problems in town and stir up plutonium from the long-defunct Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant. Beltway proponents say an unfinished loop around Denver harms the local economy and impinges mobility in the region.
Verna McClain, 30, is charged with capital murder after confessing to killing the new mother and grabbing tiny Keegan Golden from outside a pediatrician's office in suburban Houston. Keegan was found unharmed hours later with McClain's sister.
"Any person, any creature on this earth would have fear at that point," Rackauckas told the court during the preliminary hearing.
If you have to spend time outdoors, schedule your activities later in the day, since pollen is more prominent in the morning and dissipates as the day wears on. This is particularly true if your activity involves physical exertion, like riding a bike or playing tennis. Breathing hard means inhaling more allergens - which means more misery. After spending time outside, to avoid bringing the pollen indoors, you should remove your shoes, change clothes and take a shower.
Jo Ann Gora told the University Senate on Thursday that its faculty salaries have become increasingly less competitive and that legislators are "incredibly unsympathetic."
Mesa is a city dripping with history. From a band of early settlers to a set of disappearing city landmarks.
University presidents and their boards usually have to approve what coaches are paid, so if the complaint is that salaries have gotten out of hand, they have only themselves to blame.
All four officers will remain on paid administrative leave while the investigation is complete. The shooting will go to a grand jury to determine whether it was justified.
Girls 4x400 meter Relay ............................. 5:38 5:46 5:54
They are parts of how I have to conduct my office. If meetings that I have — I have a senior staff meeting every day. That's probably the most important meeting of the day, but that's not going to be something you're going to get because I can't have them say, Hey we have this issue here this is what we're doing, OK, and I've got to be able to have that conversation.
Minutes later, the board voted unanimously to fire Lariviere. He had 30 days to pack.
The teen allegedly provided the detectives with a false name and address, but was eventually charged with weapons offenses and multiple drug crimes, including possession with intent to distribute. He was transported to the Essex County Juvenile Detention Center, where he awaits a hearing in Family Court.
Bin Laden's contribution was to take a global approach. In earlier times, terrorist and guerrilla groups had largely operated in one area. The Viet Cong did not try to hit New York. The IRA did not attack Paris. But Bin Laden envisioned and developed an insurgency that reached to Europe, Africa, Asia and North America.
"There are only so many buyers who are going to be in such a hurry, so we're hoping it'll top off soon," she says. On Monday, they offered to pay more than the $1.2 million list price for a four-bedroom, bank-owned foreclosure. They haven't found out if they made the top bid.
The new regime uses the more conventional approach to college scouting. New Browns General Manager Tom Heckert seldom goes on the road.
The trial, before Judge Daniel Guerin, is expected to continue until the middle of next week.
3 medium carrots, peeled and diced
Then there was James. Not only was he successful in driving the ball and finding teammates but at getting into the paint and finishing with hooks, up-and-under-moves and pure power layups.
With shows such as “The Last Cargo Cult” (about money) and “If You See Something Say Something” (about Homeland Security), the popular monologuist has acquired the reputation of a big-mouthed firebrand.
On the Democratic side, Terri Sewell became the first black woman elected to Congress in Alabama.
The pizza company has four varieties of the artisan pie, which now include a new Chicken & Bacon Carbonara version. But want pepperoni on that? Or maybe anchovies? Not a chance.
3 Ashika Charan Texas A&M
While Gabbert, a typical pro-style QB, is the name guy with whom many UCF fans are already familiar given that he visited last August, many may not know much about Wallace. He is a stud athlete who is bigger than Godfrey, has a better arm than Godfrey and is definitely suited to play in a run option and/or a drop-back passer role. He was formerly committed to Southern Mississippi and he led his high-school team to an average of 38 points per game. He can run too, and scored 19 touchdowns on the ground during this junior season.
I don't mean to dismiss the questions surrounding Siegel's residency. She may indeed be short a couple of months to run. She has yet to provide proof of her length of residency to reporters.
Among the problems cited in the report:
Consider the current trend: Gibson Ranch will shutter next Monday as supervisors consider proposals to lease it to outside groups, including a private developer who hopes to make money off the park. Unable to find funds for the Effie Yeaw Nature Center in the American River Parkway, the county turned it over to the American River Natural History Association earlier this year.
The head coach, dedicating the championship trophy to his paralyzed player after a convincing bowl win. The players, dancing in center field at Yankee Stadium with their cell phone cameras. A few thousand fans, singing along to the alma mater as they soaked up the scene.
I continue to be one of the most Christmas-loving chaps you'll ever meet — at home, at church and with my friends.
"Oregon City would not use the money for teacher incentives," Nancy Noice said. "There's no way that Oregon City is going to go there."
And of course there had to be news involving Kevin Slaten, the market's rabble-rousing sports-talk host, and it was threefold. First he settled his wrongful termination suit against KFNS' former owners, who fired him in 2008 after his much-ballyhooed on-air run-in with Cardinals pitching coach Dave Duncan. Then KFNS' new ownership said recently he'll return to the station starting next week, and it later was announced that he'll work with Ashlee Feldman, a 24-year-old former reality TV cast member who has no significant professional broadcasting experience.
Christie supported Lesniak’s focus on drug treatment, saying, "I’d like to work with him to come up with a bipartisan approach to this issue."
Johnson, a partner in the same sports management agency with Rosa, said that Paterno's achievements — his Division I-A record of 409 wins, his high graduation rate and the fact that he gave millions of dollars of his own money to help build a school library — shouldn't be clouded by the scandal that has enveloped a place long known as Happy Valley.
The postseason surgery two years ago was supposed to have taken care of that issue. But by the time he strapped that restricting piece of equipment on again, he had “gotten over all of the mental anguish of this season. It was just one more thing.”
Timothy Vercellotti, associate professor of political science and polling director at Western New England College, chalks up the string of would-be Massachusetts presidential hopefuls to a number of factors - from the state’s obsession with politics, to the potential brain power supplied by local institutions like Harvard University and MIT, to its location on the Northeast corridor linking Washington, New York and Boston.
Cage found himself incarcerated -- although he actually was never put in a cell -- for a late-night disturbance involving a feud between the actor and his wife over which house they were renting while he's in town filming a movie.
East River 3, Boone 1
In the end, the measure was rejected even in the Emerald Triangle of Mendocino, Trinity and Humboldt counties, where pot is the biggest economic engine.
Delve deeper into Yarvin's book and you may find yourself looking at beef suet, parsnips and lamb kidneys in a new light.
Jimenez, who has struggled with control problems this season, walked five, hit a batter with a pitch and allowed nine hits over 4 1-3 innings. He has walked 30 batters in 40 innings this season.
Hours after losing a match at Key Biscayne, Fla., on March 29, the No. 9-ranked Fish went to be checked by a doctor, then saw another doctor the next day. The diagnosis was fatigue, and he was ordered to take some time off. He pulled out of the U.S. Davis Cup team's quarterfinal against France the following week.
Nonetheless, the "billions" figure has migrated from the Senate Republicans' news release into the political arena and is now being bandied around in blogs, talk radio and in the back-and-forth on ballot Measures 66 and 67 -- the proposed tax increases.
Oz, who continues to see patients and operate in New York in addition to hosting his daily TV show, stressed the importance of preventative medicine in his hourlong talk that was followed by a question-and-answer session.
"By not performing in Arizona," Levy argued, "artists are harming the very people and places that foster free speech and the open exchange of ideas that serve to counter the closed-mindedness recently displayed by the new law."
It's been inside his body, causing cramps that force him to double over at times. He's missed school due to hospital stays, some as long as two weeks. He's weathered the side effects of medication, sometimes ingesting as many as 22 pills in a day.
RESERVE HIKES: The so-called Basel III deal reached in 2008 would force banks gradually to increase the amount held in equity and reserves from 2 percent of the risky assets they hold to 7 percent by 2019.
Get out the hook for Newt Gingrich if he loses in Georgia, the state he represented in the U.S. House for two decades.
3,200 -- Bishop (Monta Vista) 9:04.70c; 2, Estifanos (Milpitas) 9:08.06; 3, McCabe (Willow Glen) 9:10.77; 4, Foster (Los Gatos) 9:12.57; 5, Ho (Leland) 9:13.41; 6, Beyer (Aragon) 9:21.03; 7, Hicks (San Lorenzo Valley) 9:29.07; 8, Vasquez (Andrew Hill) 9:29.80; 9, DeAnda (Bellarmine College Prep) 9:30.10; 10, Beckwith (Menlo-Atherton) 9:34.04.
Bank officials said they needed to see photo identification before access would be permitted.
“This is from savings that were negotiated plus savings throughout the budget,” Rizzo said.
Trendell, 25, said the couple had been living together and eventually planned to buy a house. The tax-credit offer encouraged them to buy now. They signed a contract in January and closed their purchase last month. They plan to use part of the $8,000 for furniture and put the rest toward their wedding, scheduled for May 2011.
Cherry Island - Excellent greens, except for new No. 10 <U+0096> a beautiful and challenging par 3 from any tee whose green isn't up to par with rest; fairways lush, tees not
"It's uncontrollable, and most of the ad wars are being conducted by groups or forces totally outside of Indiana, who really are using us as a playground to enforce their own clout," Lugar said Monday after the same GOP fundraiser, criticizing outside groups that are spending money in the race even though some are working to help him win a seventh term.
The caller watched Greer pull into a nearby church parking lot and get out of the car. He was arrested and refused to perform sobriety and breath tests.
2 tsp. chocolate extract
"It depends on what kind of incentives are utilized," he said.
øFor graduates who are out of work,, a lower-than-expected salary my seem like a nice problem to have. Even for the unemployed, though, default is avoidable. Two options for borrowers experiencing temporary hardship:
MISSION VIEJO – Saddleback College's Department of Theatre Arts' production of "Rent" recently played to full houses with standing ovations for each performance. In keeping with the Broadway tradition, cast member Philip Bushell told the audience at the end of each performance that cast members would collect money for the AIDS Services Foundation's AIDS Walk Orange County. The cast collected $3,462.
Pascrell, the state’s only representative on the Homeland Security Committee, also warned that others will step up to fill the hole left in the wake of Bin Laden’s death.
Whooping cough has claimed four lives in Oregon since 2003, and it's been on the rise in the state since 2006. About 50 percent of children who come down with it are hospitalized.
In a bowl, mix the melted butter and honey. Brush the honey mixture over the cut surface of the pears. Sprinkle the pears with the crumbled blue cheese.
~ Sharptown United Methodist Church, 24 Church St., in Pilesgrove
So each day his dispensary is open, Pino is served a citation to appear in court, which could turn expensive if a judge rules against him.
In the case of one fugitive, gang member Oscar Hernandez, located in Mexico by reporters, U.S. authorities said they would take steps to confirm his whereabouts in hopes of seeking his extradition. When reporters returned to Hernandez's town two months after their first visit, they found he was still at large.
Those who worked on the film say the transformation is remarkable.
The transportation component of the Arch project includes elevating a 1.2-mile stretch of Leonor K. Sullivan Boulevard 2 1/2 feet out of the flood plain. That would be part of the $33 million riverfront improvements.
506 S. Grand Ave., Los Angeles
"When he came in he was still at the point where he should have been with his mother," says Lytwyn. His mother would have been teaching him how to forage, how to groom, all the normal stuff to survive. If they would have released him, his chances of surviving would have been very, very slim."
Sure enough, Hurricane Rita redrew the coastline and slapped Severance's homes so close to the shoreline they stood smack in the middle of what Texas beachgoers have always considered public property.
"If every potato chip company in the country wants to put on a scanning device that shows Farmer John harvesting the potatoes, that's great," he said. "I'm going to want to know when it was harvested, how long it was stored, what chemicals were sprayed. But I'm not going to get that."
øPaterno family spokesman Dan McGinn said he had no information about the documents and referred questions to Penn State, which declined comment.
"Everything," Holmes replies. "It is my curse."
Do not hesitate to notify the admissions offices that you are deciding between two schools and that finances might be the deciding factor. They are working overtime right now to ensure that potential students have the most accurate information, but with the clock ticking it does not hurt to give them a call.
"I really haven't been thinking about it at all," Aldridge told NBA.com on Wednesday. "The city of Portland and the organization were putting more emphasis on it than me. My whole goal was just to be solid this year, try to become more of a leader and to grow on the court physically and mentally.
Deng, however, has shown he can play with the wrist injury, often at a high level. And he said he "most likely should be able to go" against the Heat.
Smith faces current Commissioner Jamie Damon, Dan Holladay and John Swanson in the race for Position 4.
It took Pam, an Atlantic City resident who did not want her last name published, 12 hours to get to Trenton, which included one at a rest stop on the Atlantic City Expressway for 2 1/2 hours.
Goldman's board agreed on Sept. 23 to the Berkshire deal in a call that ended at 3:53 p.m. After speaking with Gupta, Rajaratnam bought 175,000 more Goldman shares before the market closed. His firm sold the shares the next day for a $900,000 profit.
Wegner notes visitors are not allowed in the mines when the commercial work is under way. But, as at the Coleman and other mines with commercial operations, tailings, which also yield good material, can be "mined" by youngsters ($6.50) and adults ($10.50), and there is no time limit. The mine also rents buckets and digging tools.
“With all the condemnation of our nation, and the cynicism and the criticisms, there are those of us who want to be like King David and show kindness in the name of God,” Bailey said. “I pray that through God we turn this nation around, and find a way to be a kinder and gentler nation.”
Learn to act onstage and on-screen, and have fun singing and dancing to songs from musicals at Life's a Stage Acting Studio in Phoenix. Also participate in theater games, improvisation, on-camera commercials and more. Campers present a performance for family and friends on Friday. A DVD of on-camera work is included. Camps are open for ages 6-16 and cost between $200 and $250, depending on when students register.
"Unstoppable," Mark P. Stoeckinger
Relatives of the victims confirmed Monday that they received $29.1 million from the railroad in a settlement in late March, initiated the day after the Minnesota Supreme Court denied the railroad's appeal for a new trial.
"Any time the county can take a leading role in an issue as important as this, it's something we should take advantage of," he said.
"There's legitimate cause for concern," Kerr said. "But to say that job isn't coveted is the convenient thing to say right now. If someone was interested in a GM job, Portland still stands out. It's still desirable.
St. Louis' economy won't turn around until we get out of the Edifice Complex mindset and focus on generating demand for real estate instead of more supply. If we educate and train top-notch workers, companies will want to hire them. If we nurture entrepreneurs and help them establish thriving companies, developers will build space to house them.
For the 5 Browns, a quintet of sibling piano virtuosos who will play Mozart, Saint-Saëns and Mussorgsky in Irvine, classical music skill is all in the family.
Also scoring points for the Midpark boys were Jerry Hopkins (18-4.75; 13th), Marcus Ruiz (18-2.25; 16th) and Joe Phillip (17-8.25; 23rd) in the long jump relay, Nick Murray (41-5.75; 14th), Zach Lemon (38-1.75; 29th) and Dan Proffitt (36-2; 34th) in the shot put relay, Brandon Pasela (135-8; ninth), Murray (135-6; 10th) and Proffitt (128-1; 15th) in the discus relay, Hopkins in the pole vault relay (13-0; second), the 800 sprint medley team of Repasy, Owens, Anfernee Myers and Brenon Crofford (1:38.12; seventh), the 400 relay team of Repasy, Crofford, Hopkins and Owens (45.77; fifth), the 3,200 relay team of Terry Duncan, Tyler Higgins, Zach Myers and Chad Ellis (8:45.65; sixth), the 800 relay team of Crofford, Marcus Ruiz, Canon Abbenhaus and Anfernee Myers (1:35.05; seventh), the 1,600 relay team of Crofford, Joe Hurst, Eric Duke and Anfernee Myers (3:45.47; ninth) and the 7,400 relay team of Ellis, Zach Myers, Higgins and Styles (19:46.44; seventh).
For most of the first generation Muslims in America this happy occasion also brings sadness as most of our family is abroad.
2. Hotchkiss beat Paonia 48-0
Hiring improved in the second half of 2011. In December, employers added 200,000 jobs. That marked the sixth straight month in which the economy added at least 100,000 jobs. And the unemployment rate fell to 8.5 percent, a three-year low.
"My original thought was that I wasn't crazy about it, but where everybody is, I don't think it's so bad," Union Rags trainer Michael Matz said.
The goal, as articulated by Film Commission Executive Director Ivan Schwarz, the driving force behind the tax credit, is to create sustainable employment for actors, accountants, attorneys, set designers, construction crews and caterers.
"I think we'd be foolish making promises about that," says Read, a chief sponsor.
From CDOT's standpoint, there are more cons than pros, Hunt said. Building below grade is more complicated than building a bigger viaduct. The cost rises from an estimated $767 million to about $917 million. CDOT will have to buy about 87 homes, roughly 30 more than in the proposed north expansion. These are preliminary numbers.
The Eagles will visit Cleveland twice in just over two weeks, including a preseason game Aug. 24.
In initial court appearances Tuesday, U.S. Magistrate Judge Kendall J. Newman ordered Singh released on his own recognizance, and Johl released on a $50,000 unsecured appearance bond co-signed by his daughter. The other three were held pending hearings on detention today.
McCulloch agreed there was a delay in charging Roberts. He said he has since directed specific lawyers in his office to to examine all new illegal day care cases. The decision to prosecute could depend on whether the provider willfully broke the law or didn't know the rules.
Red Bud is not a stranger to lottery success. In late 2010, James "Jerry" Hentis, of Red Bud, and a fellow Ameren lineman, Gerard "Jerry" Schallom, of St. Louis, shared $829,986 they won in a Show Me Cash lottery drawing on a ticket purchased in Missouri.
10106 NE Shaver St; 2,328 square feet; $314,950
Schlichter<U+0092>s original plea deal last year in federal court called for him to serve eight years in prison, to run at the same time as a 10-year state prison sentence on related charges.
Breakthrough pain describes a temporary pain that cancer patients may experience even if they are on other pain pills. The pain can flare from just a few seconds to several hours.
Each one of them, save for Robert Darnell of Holly, won via pin. Darnell beat Meeker's J.C. Henderson on a major decision, 16-3.
With highly complex technology, energy projects have very large upfront costs. As the American Energy Innovation Council points out, "It is one thing to prototype a new smartphone; it is quite another to prototype a new nuclear reactor." That means that government support also is needed for:
<U+0093>He was looking for that first goal of the tourney,<U+0094> Joe said of his son. <U+0093>I don<U+0092>t usually vote on those things. This time, I said, <U+0091>I<U+0092>m going to vote.<U+0092><U+0094>
The series' rubber match is set for tomorrow at 1 p.m. LMU won Friday's opener 5-3.
No worries: “These ‘clinics’ usually started at midnight and ended up at the diner — the Candlewyck in East Rutherford, the Clairmont in Verona,” Suhr said, and they’d all shuffle salt shakers and sugar packets around until 3 in the morning.
But that doesn't mean you have to stick with the classic blend of lemon juice, sugar and water.
Now he is in demand as a prospect. He said coaches like his versatility as both a runner and a pass-catcher out of the backfield.
Cream-pie throwing, water-gun fights and face-painting were only a few of the carnival games that members of a sorority and a fraternity played Sunday with kids at the University of Denver.
One such outlet is tonight's Loop Underground event. This will mark the third time Nite Owl has performed there on New Year's Eve.
"The uniquely identifying personality characteristic of George was he was always upfront and honest," said the Rev. Constantine Pappademos of St. Katherine church. "He didn't mince words. That's what made him such a pleasure to work with."
Friday night at the Count Basie Theatre in Red Bank, he paid tribute to heroes of his like drummer Buddy Rich (“the Frank Sinatra and the Picasso of drums,” he said) and Count Basie himself, while also touching, briefly, on the E Street repertoire. Springsteen didn’t show up, but E Street organist Charles Giordano did, to play on a big-band arrangement of Springsteen’s jazziest song: “Kitty’s Back,” the show’s first encore.
Despite Grant's first-quarter hat trick, Colorado (8-3) has dropped two in a row and is tied with Calgary for the West lead. The Roughnecks can move alone atop the division with a win over Buffalo tonight. The Mammoth and Wings (7-4) meet again Sunday afternoon in Philadelphia.
1 cup sour cream
For Curlin, an evangelical Christian who also serves as a hospice and palliative care physician, the pursuit is a labor of love and a calling. For Sulmasy, it is an application of lessons learned as a medical ethicist who found that doctors were coming to him for help with existential dilemmas in addition to ethical ones.
Until it and its parent corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Wilmington on July 29, Liberty State Benefits of Pennsylvania was in the business of purchasing so-called life settlements.
“There were so many,” he said. “It was every day, multiple times a day.”
The increase wasn't enough to break the string of year-over-year drops. Prices were down 2.6 percent from a year earlier, the company said. But the decline is more modest than it had been.
Tensions quickly emerged between the newcomers and the other Marines. A master sergeant later said the reservists were ordered "not to go more than 100 meters" off the road. The platoon had a reputation for "not knowing where their guys are located," he said.
"Even in a down economy, people want to get their nails done," says Trakas, and they might be looking for a place that offers the best price.
"All season, there have just been lapses where we've fallen off and it's hurt us," Blues forward Matt D'Agostini said. "We had a couple of shifts, our line especially, where we couldn't get it going. We were hemmed in our end. Those are going to happen. But you have to take away the scoring chances. We gave them one too many chances. Jaro played great for us tonight. We just didn't give him enough."
Educators at the school rounded up kids at random and held focus-group discussions on what might better motivate them to give it their all.
"Even a little time scrutinizing a group can greatly increase the good of your contribution," Borochoff said.
Joe Bologna Trattoria: Brunch has chicken piccata, meat lasagna, Italian sausage. Tilapia Calabrese, baked ham, Joe's pastas with authentic sauces, omelets, waffles, bacon, vegetables, fruits, breads and dessert table. 11 a. m.-3 p.m. 2135 Seventeen Mile, Sterling Heights. 586-939-5700. Prices vary. Reservations. Dinner menu available 5-8 p.m.
On the eve of Veteran’s Day, the International Longshoremen’s Association union and the New York Shipping Association, made of port employers, announced that veterans returning from the two conflicts will receive preferential treatment in hiring as jobs become available at the Port of New York and New Jersey.
In mid-April, the Oceanic Society plans to launch a study on whales in the bay to determine which areas they are going to most.
Although all of the thickeners set up the filling for slicing, each has its characteristics and strengths.
And the state needs to stop the revolving door that taxpayers not only fund, but which often ends up smacking them in the face.
John Basilone (1916-1945) — Once called a "one-man army" by Gen. Douglas MacArthur, United States Marine Gunnery Sgt. John Basilone was the only enlisted marine during World War II to to receive the Medal of Honor, Navy Cross and Purple Heart. He fought in the battle of Guadalcanal, and was killed in the battle of Iwo Jima on Feb. 19, 1945, at age 28.
"I'm trying again to be a team player, and learning how to be a lieutenant governor," he said.
Among his other novels are "The Hound of Earth," "The Violated," "The Man Who Knew Kennedy," "Now Playing at Canterbury," "The Great Fake Book," "A Game Men Play" and "Brill Among the Ruins," which was nominated for a National Book Award.
To get a good base volume for those just starting out, Wisoff recommends:
Deputies responded to the same high school Tuesday after receiving reports of a person armed with a rifle who was possibly a sniper and a bomb threat, Maxim said.
Pick: Third round
Anwar Albuzz, a clerk at Winner Gas on 25th Avenue S., testified he was closing the gas station at 11 p.m. when he saw a man, later identified as Phanthavong, knock on the door asking to fill up a container with gas. Albuzz turned on the pumps and helped Phanthavong fill the canister. Phanthavong then paid him for about 2 gallons' worth of gas, he said.
Environment New Jersey lauded Christie for championing the development of off-shore wind power, siding against a coal-fired power plant in Linden, signing bills to reduce fertilizer run off into Barnegat Bay and opposing natural gas ports off the coast.
Automobiles are a loaded subject, especially in the decades following World War II in the United States, which has led some observers to ascribe specific social meanings to Chamberlain's art. The crushed automobiles have been connected to the violent death of Abstract Expressionist painter Jackson Pollock, who wrapped his car around a tree in 1956, and then to the slightly later, 1960s car-crash paintings of Pop artist Andy Warhol. Chamberlain was skeptical. Of his choice of automobile sheet metal, the artist once said, "Michelangelo had a lot of marble in his backyard, so to speak; I had a lot of this stuff."
» Year/height/weight: Jr./6-2/210.
But why the city? Because some of the work -- including a rear addition -- failed inspection when city permits staff checked on it, something he wishes he knew before he signed on the dotted line. And a rooftop deck was built without a permit at all.
6-6 junior guard
NEW YORK — You’re down two starters, your remaining scorer is giving a time-capsule performance that evokes images from the Chris Dudley Rim Bender Collection, and you’re facing a defense that is eminently capable of strangling every set you might pull off your eraserboard.
Myers said -- after watching the Warriors get pounded on the boards all season -- he's going to try to add depth this offseason, get more size in the frontcourt. He also has to find a fifth starter to add to the four already penciled in (Curry, Thompson, Lee and Bogut). He said that could be one of the small forwards on the roster -- incumbent Dorell Wright or reserves Brandon Rush and Dominic McGuire.
In high school, Walla finished in the top 10 in Class 4A all four years, including runner-up as a senior (to Tait). Jacques won two 5A titles, is regarded as one of the finest ever as an Oklahoma Sooner and was on the Golf Channel's "Big Break Ireland." Shockley was a regular contributor for Denver's Pioneers, has earned exempt status on the Symetra and was 13th on the money list in 2011.
After firefighters determined the man was dead, authorities backed away, Martos said. A Phoenix police crime unit is processing the scene, and a helicopter is taking pictures.
Shawn Rohlin, an economics professor at the University of Akron, said the big investments by Goodyear and Bridgestone are important because both tie the companies to Akron's future. State incentives offered to the companies call for 15-20 year commitments.
Whoa, talk about getting your wires crossed! It sounds as if there was a completely preventable breakdown in communication between you and your travel agent.
Timberline Lodge will celebrate its 75th anniversary in 2012. It was created in 1937 under President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal policies during the Great Depression, a work project to boost the economy and cut unemployment.
"As we look to offer less expensive ways to provide health care, we are going to have to start intervening sooner, before patients need acute care," he said. "We'll need to develop more physician extenders - nurse practitioners and nurse anesthetists - who will keep costs down and get health care started earlier."
The Congressional Budget Office in December 2007 released an analysis of 29 various reports over 15 years. The federal office concluded that "state and local governments incur costs for providing services to unauthorized immigrants and have limited options for avoiding or minimizing these costs."
According to ADOT:
As an apology to trafficking victims for what happened to them on U.S. soil, Congress created a special visa status allowing those who came here illegally to remain.
It was made between September 2009 and February 2011.
"They know it's important... because it earns money for things they like to do," she says.
But facing his disability and a marriage already frayed from pre-shooting issues, Matt Crosby concluded just three weeks short of his release from rehab that summer, "I can't deal with that and deal with this at the same time." He decided the answer would be divorce.
An ensuing double by Mike Carp brought home a second run that inning off Pavano, and looked to be more than enough for Vargas. The left-hander had allowed just three hits before the seventh inning, but was pulled by Wedge after his 103rd pitch was drilled for a double by Chris Parmalee with one out in the seventh.
WEST SIDE 'CHEFS FOR CHARDON' . . .
The Missouri Gaming Commission, which regulates the casino, said Wednesday it was up to the county and Lemay board to resolve the matter.
Probably the DLC's high-water mark came here in Cleveland in May 1991, when its national conference attracted a parade of potential presidential candidates. Democrats were not an especially happy crew in those days -- President George H.W. Bush's approval ratings were soaring after the Gulf War and few of the Democrats who trooped through the old Convention Center -- including Richard Gephardt, Sam Nunn and Jay Rockefeller -- seemed terribly exciting or terribly excited about the prospect of running (ultimately none of those three did). Clinton stole the show by detailing the New Democratic thinking on welfare reform, crime and federal spending that helped him win the White House twice. The moment was right for the young governor -- who was still little known, if at all, outside of Arkansas for delivering a long, rambling speech nominating Michael Dukakis in 1988 -- and he made the most of it.
"Being No. 1 in the world in developing new ideas is no longer enough," said Sridhar Kota, assistant director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. He added that American businesses too often develop the big ideas and then have them built overseas. "A lot of product and process innovations come up as you go from idea to product, and we're losing that."
So the Knicks were already coming home to a Madison Square Garden that wasn’t going to be half as alive, half as hopeful, as it had been last year. Then, the Knicks had gone 0-for-2 in Boston but easily could have come back 1-1 or even 2-0. The sweep that followed was almost surprising.
-- Current price in Asia: $15.90
18866 Addison Dr., $67,000
"Les Cahan got me on Dick Clark's 'American Bandstand,' " Lewis says.
He watched as his roommate spotted a rabbit and, as predictably unpredictable as he is, chase it down.
But they're also doing chores. They're being taught compassion with visits to soup kitchens. And when traveling around the world, it's not just sightseeing and shopping.
A week before the layoffs went into effect, civil service intervened and said the trio should be bumped down to water meter readers.
Leach said he expected many donors to stay on the sidelines until a frontrunner emerged.
Police arrested their first target, 23-year-old Audubon man Cesar Salgado-Maya, on March 1 when they discovered he was living in a house attached to a child daycare center, according to Jones.
5. Orlando Magic
Kucinich: Impatience was justified
2. Consider solar power, particularly a solar water heater. Much of your energy bill comes from heating water, which is why a rooftop solar water heater can make sense.
Anthony Brown: less than 1 percent
7. Black Patriots and Loyalists: Fighting for Emancipation in the War for Independence, by Alan Gilbert, $30
Rick Perry continued to barnstorm his way across Iowa on Wednesday, frenetically trying to locate some last-minute momentum that would keep his rollercoaster campaign on track.
All right, now, let me just see if I<U+0092>ve got this right. We<U+0092>ve got the First Infantry Division in the house. (Hooah!) We<U+0092>ve got the 455th Air Expeditionary Wing. (Hooah!) We<U+0092>ve got the Task Force Muleskinner. (Hooah!) We<U+0092>ve got the 101st Army Field Sustainment Brigade.
"We're not executing on special teams, offense or defense. You could look at every play where one thing went wrong."
As for Hall, it's hard to know what to make of his future at Arizona.
The student at Butler University in Indianapolis said her pills change color as she gets closer to the placebo. Mifflin, who has been taking them for about six months, said she thinks she would notice if the color was out of order, but she'll probably pay closer attention now.
Now, drivers heading north or west descend from the freeway at Market Street and are greeted by the most attractive entrance into the city after the Golden Gate Bridge: a boulevard with poplar trees in the middle and Chinese elms on each side of the four-lane thoroughfare between faux historic lampposts.
Then there are people like Alla Maryash of Solon, who last week panicked after the bankruptcy of AmTrust's parent company. Maryash cashed out nearly $140,000 in CDs, costing her $3,000. She is among the groups of people emerging as losing out in the aftermath of Friday's failure of AmTrust, the nation's 92nd-largest bank.
Since his first Derby try in 1981, Lukas has saddled more entries, 44 coming into this race, and has had more finish out of the money (35) than Thompson had starters (24), and more than three times as many as Jones (11). He entered five horses in the 1996 race and won with Grindstone. He no longer pulls the deepest-pocketed owners and rarely gets any client's best horse. Still, one more win on the first Saturday in May would make Lukas, four months of his 77th birthday, the oldest winning trainer ever.
Two years ago, when SFMade started out as a manufacturers' organization, it had just 12 member companies. Now, it has 325 members, with a combined workforce of 3,500, a pop-up shop inside the Banana Republic store in Union Square, another outlet scheduled to open at SFO next year and a bulging file of press clips, courtesy of write-ups in the New York Times, Fast Company magazine and British newspaper the Guardian, among others.
This isn't your grandmother's scoop selection. Baskin-Robbins, once considered ice cream cornucopia, is mere child's play these days.
But which one do you choose? Please vote and leave a comment.
That lesson will be lost if we start this so-called performance funding. Lowering standards will not fix higher education.
“I would say if it is not the biggest win in the program’s history, it’s up there,’’ Sperbeck said. “As far as my tenure, it’s definitely the biggest win.’’
Hometown: San Diego.
<U+0093>I was in a very intense relationship for a long time,<U+0094> he said on ABC, <U+0093>and my partner ended it, saying that, quite frankly, he was impatient with my sexual performance.
"It's the biggest game of anyone's life. To get hurt in it and can't contribute in the end when the game's on the line, it's like a nightmare," he said. "But they came through in the end and we still got that ring."
The new boat will help the fire department manage such events, as well as respond to capsized boats and other emergencies. What now takes an hour to patrol will take half the time.
Lundqvist stopped a long shot from Sykora at 7:44.
The jobs data come six months before Americans head to the polls to either re-elect President Barack Obama or choose Republican Mitt Romney, who has said White House policies have done little to help U.S. workers.
Here again, the problem is Missouri's unique propensity to coddle cigarette manufacturers and vendors.
District of Columbia Mayor Vincent Gray will join relatives of crash victims, first responders and the chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board to unveil the plaque on June 22.
16435 SW Cinnabar Ct; 2,767 square feet; on 8/17/2010 for $385,000
Beatrice McCardle sold her car when she moved from California into a South Waterfront condo. She said she'd take the streetcar to Lake Oswego to visit friends.
Tickets are on sale for The New Jersey Hall of Fame's second annual induction ceremony, which will be held May 3 at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark.
However, the most disturbing aspect of this affair is not the scent of a possible scandal, but Imagine's standard business practices.
He was paralyzed from the midchest down and "devastated" when hospital doctors told him he would spend his life in a wheelchair. Hope returned 30 days later when he transferred to the rehab center and was soon able to wiggle his big toe. His new doctor proclaimed, "You have a chance to walk."
Hougan’s shop motto is “Every skein tells a story.” One example of this motto isthe fact that the owners of The Artful Alpaca, also located in Chagrin Falls, made Cathy’s store the exclusive retail outlet for the alpaca yarns produced by their company.
Last year the park drew more than 314,000 visitors, the vast majority from California.
Ferrell spoke of his commitment to continue the special relationship between the military community of APG and the greater Aberdeen community.
Schneiderman accuses the TRF board of engaging in "a series of financially irresponsible transactions" to balance the books. The group
He is survived by a son, Andy, whose great joy in life was to tell his father he was to be a grandfather. Twice. Jordana and Shira.
It reached far beyond Arizona's controversial Senate Bill 1070 with a series of extreme measures -- some of which have been put on hold by a federal judge.
Earlier this month, Judge John Gallagher ordered Roy Kaylor to clean up his approximately 150-acre property, remove dozens of cars and assorted parts, and pay thousands of dollars in fines to the county. The ruling came after a lawsuit brought on by the county in 2010, which accused Kaylor of numerous code violations at the property.
Boulder (25-3) was in it until the final seconds, just like George Washington was with the Raiders two seasons ago and Fairview in 2010.
Besides his Parkinson's disease, Welch has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and diabetes, which the Veterans Administration includes on its list of Agent Orange-related coverage.
signed off on it; no word if he's actually tried any.)
Todd Lassa, Detroit editor for Motor Trend magazine, said GM clearly hit its targets. The Cruze offers more space, comfort and features than the class-leading Civic and Corolla. But he added that GM might have had its eye on the wrong targets.
The Flemington-Raritan school district and the teachers' union, which has been without a new contract since June 30, 2010, appear to have reached an agreement.
For his community service, Jiang’s work included “sweeping and picking up paper, cutting the grass and maintaining lots, and performing necessary duties at the city garage,” said Marvin Adames, Newark’s chief municipal prosecutor.
The plea agreement says Nugent illegally shot and killed the bear in May 2009 on Sukkwan Island in southeast Alaska days after he wounded a bear in a bow hunt, which counted toward a state seasonal limit of one bear for that location. The agreement says Nugent knowingly possessed and transported the bear in misdemeanor violation of the Lacey Act.
Former colleagues say Mr. Shuvalov had no inside information on the decision-making process and didn't use his official position to try to affect the share price. But while the Shuvalov trust was invested in Gazprom, he made numerous public comments on Kremlin policy toward the gas giant on issues such as outlining plans to raise state-regulated gas prices.
No. 2 Texas vs. No. 3 Cincinnati
Rask, meanwhile, said in no uncertain terms that he wants to return and that it wouldn’t be a problem for him if Thomas came back as well.
Monta Vista's win at Fremont during spring break evened the season series, after the Firebirds scored a 4-3, 10-inning decision a week earlier.
Bernanke didn't stray far from remarks he made last week after the Fed's policy meeting. He said the economy has shown improvement, but that the pace has been frustratingly slow. He noted that many threats remain, including Europe's debt crisis and the nation's rising debt.
The Association of American Medical Colleges estimates there is a shortage of 13,700 doctors nationwide in all specialties. That number is predicted to hit 63,000 by 2015, and more than double, reaching 130,000, by 2025.
Clinton said he's here because he loves New Orleans, but mostly, "I'm here because you represent the future of this country."
GM said sales of two new vehicles, the subcompact Chevrolet Sonic and the Buick Verano, did well in the month. Sonic and Verano sales have climbed each month since it was introduced in late November.
A major-label pop star — and that’s what Nicki Minaj has become, no matter how strenuously she denies it — can afford the most expensive beats and backing musicians. To take prime hooks and choruses and make an unholy mess of them is hard to do. It requires shuffling the deck so thoroughly that you can’t make a decent hand out of what you’re dealt, no matter how many good cards you’ve got.
Now Dow wants to turn the 10,000-square-foot building into a retail attraction in a growing neighborhood.
You need to realize and understand the pressure this imposes on him. You also need to realize that if you break up over this, any subsequent relationship will be under even more pressure.
Smart still emphasizes the Kings are far from a finished product. But what he does like is the improvement. After being the worst shooting and assist team in the NBA most of the season, the Kings have crept to 29th in shooting and 28th in assists.
Every day, it seems, they are revealing their true identities in 140 idiotic characters or less.
Bruce Johnson is a soft-spoken man who's drawn to extremes.
In the NFL, there's revenue sharing, and the Vikings get one of the biggest shares of any team. Owners of teams such as the Cowboys, Redskins and Broncos, unhappy with contributing a lot of money to the pot, have been trying to eliminate revenue sharing. And if the Vikings moved to Los Angeles, certainly those other teams would have to contribute less because the Vikings would be contributing to the pot instead of taking from it.
How come every summer in Chicago, when the weather gets nice and lovely, the death and crime increases in black and brown communities? How can students feel comfortable walking home or waiting on the bus stop wondering if some gang member is going to walk up to them and jump them or steal anything? Gang members walk up and down the main street that students walk down, looking for trouble, and cops are nowhere to be found. Gangs, drugs and bad influences ruin our community and our younger generation when they are taught it is OK to carry a handgun and do drugs.
Next: Talkin' 'bout my moderation (with apologies to the Who)
Before the tragedy, the two split their time among Texas, Arizona and Washington, hooking up on as many weekends as possible. The shooting brought them together practically every day, until Friday. As is the custom one week before liftoff, Kelly and his crew went into quarantine.
Dr. Sean Porbin, a family practitioner in Avella, thinks natural gas development could revive many struggling towns in Pennsylvania. "We need to ask questions," he said. "It's not about shutting down industry, but fixing it. And if the data show what they're doing is safe, then we need to defend them."
NJ Transit has asked the North Jersey Transportation Planning Authority to let it spend $75 million for 100 multilevel coaches.
The statute also orders the agency to "develop and disseminate to the public reports based on data compiled for a period of twelve months" for each hospital and ambulatory surgical center, and to update the reports quarterly. It says nothing about deleting and withholding the data as the records get older.
Chemical injections can spare ash trees, but the treatments are costly and must be repeated each year. Some cities elect to preserve a handful of prized specimens, but most trees are simply removed.
After climbing an aisle to the top seats of the upper deck and then back down, he took one last look up at Section 317.
2. Stay informed. Constantly updated lists of drug shortages are available online. Check both the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (www.fda.gov/drugs) and the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists (www.ashp.org/shortages). Its list includes some meds the FDA's doesn't.
4. Avoid thermal printed receipts: one receipt made from this coated paper delivers about 2 percent of your daily exposure to BPA.
Cathy’s song about doing summer stock and Jamie’s lament about single women finding him attractive now that he’s married are new classics.
"Maybe it turns out the people over 60 are in administrative roles and the others are in revenue generating positions. Whatever it is, just make sure you're not missing something. If you don't re-evaluate, you're asking for a lawsuit."
"I was embarrassed to death."
Ms. Suu Kyi's decision to travel overseas is especially important because it shows she is growing more confident about the economic and political reforms in Myanmar over the past year. Before that, Ms. Suu Kyi refused to leave Myanmar because she feared the country's military leaders wouldn't let her return home. She famously declined to leave in 1999 when her husband was dying of cancer of in London.
A fire in Edgewood Tuesday caused minimal damage to a residence.
Alan Lightman writes in "The Accidental Universe" in Harper's that the existence of life is so incredibly improbable that there can be only two realistic explanations: Either there is a God who designed all this, or there exist many, many different universes, a vast majority of which are lifeless. Many physicists are gravitating to the latter theory. Our universe is just one of many. The universal laws of physics aren't really universal. They are just the arbitrary arrangements that happen to prevail in our own little universe.
“They were on to my pitches. I’m not going to lie about that. I’m not just going to sit out there and get my butt kicked. I’m going to fight back a little bit.”
The Big Roads
A newer Bible, The Expanded Bible, also gives alternate translations. They add the idea of equivalent ways to understand phrases and usages, in addition to meanings of words. How does the expanded Bible understand the act of creation? It opens with: "In the beginning (or In the beginning when) God created..." The Catholic Study Bible chooses that second set of words—"In the beginning, when God created." Is that the same meaning?" Does God create the beginning and create time when God creates the heavens and the earth? Or was something already happening before God began to create the world?
Chen sustained numerous injuries while making the 300-mile journey to Beijing from his home in Yinan county, Fu said.
The state government does not track the number of road rage incidents on New Jersey roadways, but legislators consider the problem serious enough to stiffen the penalties when it leads to accidents that leave people injured.
*3B Pedro Feliz
With: Riccardo Muti, conductor
Attending this would not be impossible, but it would be very difficult. My husband thinks we should make a $200 donation and not attend the event. Is this a fair compromise? Do I even have to compromise? - Friend's Benefit
"In Cambodia there was a girl who escaped from a brothel and went to law enforcement and then law enforcement returned her to the same brothel where they punished her severely," she says.
Richardson knows what it takes to win a Heisman Trophy. As a freshman, he played alongside Alabama’s first Heisman winner, Mark Ingram.
4809 Hamburg Av, $29,500
Wright then began speaking to investigators, but repeatedly lied to them about the location of the most of the remainder, Assistant U.S. Attorney Tom Mehan said in court.
Get kids to help: Now, what about the problem when your child refuses to eat a food, or suddenly stops eating something that had been a favorite?
2. Mix egg with potatoes. Place potato and egg mixture in a 1-inch-thick layer on a floured surface. Sprinkle dry ingredients evenly over the surface, starting with 3/4 cup of the flour. Mix by hand, forming the dough into a log. Add more flour if necessary to hold the dough together. Let the dough log cool, then cut into even, 2-inch segments.
Billy Graham's daughter, Anne Graham Lotz, also has said she supports the amendment.
So, how is the habitat being managed in the face of development pressure?
An email from an imprisoned friend of the Saints coaching staff with a postscript saying, "put me down for $5,000" on Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers has become another sore point between players being punished for New Orleans' bounty system and the NFL.
First-time visitors to Mendoza hoping to sample lots of wines are often disappointed to learn how far apart the wineries are and how limited their hours can be. Visiting four or five wineries in a weekend is an ambitious agenda, which is why I strongly urge staying longer.
Q. Was there someone you admired when you entered the business?
In 2009, Bober held a citywide contest, offering $500 of non-public funds to whoever collected the most signs. The signs were gone overnight, with the winning resident collecting nearly 500 signs. But over time, the city was again littered with them. "For two years, I've kind of pondered what to do," the mayor said.
The entry box closed this morning, with the draw to determine post positions set for later in the afternoon. The field is limited to the top 20 horses based on earnings in graded stakes races.
Later, Ronnie says, "That was way too much fun." "Yeah," JWoww agrees. "It was." Hmmm, didn't we learn from last week's episode that violence is never the answer?
His opponents do have some big problems.
"I'm glad I got the work in," Baffert said. "I was a little bit leery last night with the rain and all the stuff. I was afraid how the track was going to be. It turned out the track was in just perfect shape."
I probably mention MacGuffins half a dozen times a year. I wonder if there's anyone left who doesn't know what one is. First defined by Alfred Hitchcock, the MacGuffin is whatever everyone in the movie is in a lather about. All we need to know is that Snow has it and the Secret Service wants it. It doesn't matter in the slightest what's in the briefcase; Snow doesn't know, so why should we?
Cain told officers he knew he was over the limit and asked for "professional courtesy," claiming he was the designated driver after telling police he drank three beers that night, then changing his story to three Red Bull and vodkas, the Press of Atlantic City found. Cain also name-dropped the police chief and flaunted his political position, the report said, and grew incredulous, telling officers to "shut up" multiple times after refusing a second breath test.
Later in the first period, Ovechkin nearly scored one of his YouTube-ready, "How did he do that?" goals, somehow managing to lift the puck past Lundqvist while belly-flopping onto the ice. But the puck hit the crossbar. Then, at the opposite end of the rink, Ovechkin used his back to block a shot by McDonagh, preventing the puck from even approaching Holtby — the sort of thing the Russian wing is not known for, but his teammates have turned into an art form this postseason.
At least 30,000 customers were without power Thursday night, according to Alfonso Quiroz, a spokesman for Consolidated Edison. He said hardest hit was Queens, with 27,000 outages.
Her brilliant and entertaining thoughts about the 20th century's Studio Craft movement and the dissolution of the hierarchy of fine art, decorative art and craft curatorial made me see contemporary craft in a whole new way.
"It's a game you have to be able to play well to play," he said, "and I'm not sure what the end point of that game is."
Pre's Trail, like the Adidas Trail across town, uses finely mulched wood chips to line a wending, 4.84-mile path. Sure, people can stop and read up on Pre at a kiosk near the southwest entrance, but most just do what Pre undoubtedly would've wanted them to do <U+0096> run.
Howard, who has 12 IndyCar starts, including a stint with Roth Racing, qualified 20th for last year's 500 and finished 30th in a Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing car. In 2010, he had a fast enough car, but it was withdrawn by Sarah Fisher Racing amid concerns it would be bumped. It would not have been.
7680 SW 92nd Pl; 2,104 square feet; on 8/16/2010 for $345,000
After "a decade under the dark cloud of war ... we can see the light of a new day on the horizon," he said. "As we emerge from a decade of conflict abroad and economic crisis at home, it is time to renew America -- an America ... where sunlight glistens off soaring new towers in downtown Manhattan."
"That money is paid by Comcast subscribers for public access television,” he said. “Why should that money be taken and used for another purpose and why should Comcast subscribers be paying this extra tax for whatever the cities of Oregon City and West Linn want.”
In all, 12 scholarship football players had been punished for infractions, former head coach Jim Tressel had been fired and a long-time program booster had been exiled.
Public safety workers plan to protest outside the Statehouse on Thursday.
In corporate news, prescription benefits manager Express Scripts Inc. said it will buy the pharmaceutical benefit management subsidiaries of health insurer WellPoint Inc. for $4.68 billion. Shares of both companies rose in premarket dealings - Wellpoint was up $3.93, or 9.7 percent, to $44.27 while Express Scripts rose $1.73, or 3.5 percent, to $50.90.
For the next six months, Myers will focus heavily on completing the initiative.
"What we learned is that it wasn't enough just to give them the gift," she said. "Most of them don't know the difference between the plants and seedlings from trees. You do have to get out there and pull tree seedlings."
Proponents have been "talking to Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee and groups like Coloradans for Freedom and others from the grassroots in hopes of finding Republican votes," he said. But to date, there's no indication they have the critical support needed to move the bill from committee to the floor.
In 2005, Congress passed the Presidential $1 Coin Act, which mandated that the United States Mint issue four new coins each year from 2007 to 2016.
"The costs incurred by our children and grandchildren as a result of this bill will be a crushing blow to their futures," Voinovich said. "What we are saying to them is we are putting the cost on their credit card."
Warning sirens started wailing within minutes, and officers rushed along the riverbed to try to warn anyone of the approaching flood.
29. Harold Lee, Vanessa Fanning, Jesus Christ
Founding member Dom Flemons said the band digs deep into history and rescues North Carolina black string band and minstrel show music from obscurity and present it for new generations.
"The only thing we did right in this game was win," said Guillen.
The $1.5 million contract will be canceled, Withers wrote. Tien has 15 days to submit to the city a final accounting of his completed work for a calculation of how much he is owed.
David Nguyen, Cadet of the Year
What Jones has shown, and what I have tried to convince the great political geniuses in this state, is that a new Vikings roof-covered stadium might be scheduled to hold only 10 Vikings games a year, but having that stadium available for other events sure would benefit both the Vikings and the community. If, according to reliable figures, a Vikings game brings in $9 million in spending to this area, how much more revenue would be generated by a new facility?
2007-08 graduation rate: 91.5 percent
Prior to sentencing, the judge heard from Steve Fagbewesa’s 10-year-old son, Femi, who broke down sobbing, his head in his hands.
Two stocks fell for every one that rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Volume came to 1.2 billion shares.
Robert Garton, a former president of the Indiana Senate, lives in Columbus, and he's been watching the debate unfold. With Pence out after having served 12 years, Garton says one of the candidates has the chance to lock up a congressional seat for what's likely to be a long time.
Today, however, many Americans are personally uncomfortable with Islam. One kind of discomfort is actual Islamophobia — and it is usually easy to spot. There are many more voices that decry obvious anti-Muslim statements and actions than support them. The second kind is more subtle but still hurtful. It includes the behavior of my friends, who are not anti-Muslim at all but nevertheless say unkind things sometimes.
He is entered in both the 800 and 1,500 meters. His coach, Vin Lananna, hinted to me a couple weeks ago, that Wheating could run both.
Roy Halladay is doing things he has never done before in a Phillies uniform.
“Coming back to Cleveland allowed me to return to my first love which is the arts,” Shames said. “I was fortunate to come to a university that always does groundbreaking work in the arts.”
What were the biggest challenges?
WASHINGTON — The tally of newly laid-off people requesting jobless benefits fell last week, the government said Thursday, a sign that companies are cutting fewer workers.
Because I was on a Royal Caribbean cruise, I had only one day.
The invitations - handsome red and black postcards with stylish Art Deco lettering, "greener" than those formal stuffed envelopes and much cheaper to mail - went out weeks ago.
Knox was approached by two men -- one armed -- outside his home on Marlowe in northwest Detroit, Stephens said. Knox struggled with the attackers, who escaped with some personal items. His wife said Knox was unharmed.
Chicago's event resembled something between a family festival - food vendors strolled through with pushcarts - and a political demonstration with protesters chanting "Si se puede," Spanish for "Yes we can." A group of undocumented students stood on a stage at the park and "came out" regarding their immigration status.
12:15 p.m.: About 50 protesters had gathered in Pioneer Courthouse Square, where Occupy Portland had planned to hold a general assembly. The meeting was moved to Chapman Square in the meantime, so the protesters at Pioneer were heading back to the main protest site.
1506 S Warson Rd, $362,000
Conner knows that selling at least 330 of the voucher packs over the next week is a daunting task.
Among the few positive notes for this school year, Tigard-Tualatin returned its elementary physical education program to full time and students will have new math books.
Alex Garcia-Mendoza matched his career high with 21 points for Arkansas-Little Rock (19-17). The Trojans played overtime without Solomon Bozeman, the Sun Belt’s player of the year who fouled out in the final minute of regulation. He finished with 18 points.
"At first glance, it sounds great, but it takes $1 billion out of our revenue stream," she said at a news conference after Christie's speech.
“I did plenty of movies that felt like pure commerce, like just a piece of business,” he admits. “I have no tolerance for that now. It’s like where you go all your life eating peanut butter sandwiches and suddenly you develop a peanut allergy? That’s where I am right now. It’s like I’m allergic to those sorts of movies”
His own irritability drove him to brilliance against archrival Clemson, when Tigers quarterback Tahj Boyd supposedly tweeted that the Gamecocks D-line was "just average." Boyd denied it later, but Ingram hit him 10 times in the game and, with each blow, advised him, "You need to quit tweeting."
Medieval historian Nicola Barbatelli, who found the painting, said carbon-14 analysis of the wood supporting the canvas dated the material to the late 15th or early 16th century, when da Vinci (1452-1519) was alive.
private at St. Paul Lutheran Church Cemetery in Wildwood.
Although you can’t offer any solutions that work for your wife, you do see a number of alternatives that work for you: not having kids, having no kids, remaining childless. There is one other alternative: Getting divorced so your wife can try to find a man who’s interested in being a dad…as dim a prospect as that may be for a fertility-challenged 40-year-old woman competing with pert-breasted, fertility-iconish 20-somethings. Obviously, this option is not exactly the fast track to happily ever after. Then again, that’s probably not in the cards here unless you two can somehow find some wiggle room in how she “sees no purpose to life without children” and how you aren’t up for adopting anything you can’t pat on the head and leave tied to a chain-link fence.
convictions came in Kansas. Because of that criminal history, Darain Atkinson could face up to life in prison on the current charges, according to the AG's release.
For about the last three years, Mozeliak has kept a list of manager candidates written on a sheet of paper that he keeps in his desk. He updates it. He crosses names out. And now, for the first time, he's going to use it.
"Early that day or the day before, he had gone to the DMV and obtained a driver's license with Jerome's name (and his own photo)," Cooper said.
7884, Meg M. Frampton, West Trenton, 4:31:04.
If there are no further changes to the map — and Frank said history shows there rarely are — it will become law on the 45th day of the legislative session, and go into effect for the 2014 election.
The few positive moments for the administration came when the law's opponents got their turn to argue. Kennedy and Roberts pressed them to address the unique dynamics of the healthcare market, in which people who do not get health coverage affect everyone's costs.
Q: I have a small desert garden in my yard that is overrun with Bermuda grass. I don't like to use herbicides, so it seems the only way to get rid of it is to dig everything up and put down weed barriers. Is it possible to dig up and replant the cactuses that are growing there? We have a beautiful agave, a golden barrel cactus and a totem pole, among others.
As an officer finished taking fingernail clippings from Cipriano for evidence after his arrest, the gravity of his situation was apparently sinking in, a report indicates.
The tradition continues Saturday, Jan. 28, when the family will host 500 people at the Orlando Banquet Center, 4300 Hoffmeister Ave.
Cheers: To the angler in the back of his boat about 11 a.m. Thursday chatting on his cell phone in the Willamette River beneath the Steel Bridge and watching the traffic go by above him -- for finally noticing his rod was pumping madly toward the water.
2 (32-ounce) cans whole, peeled tomatoes (see note)
The site, called Insurance Watch, is hosted on the Internet by the medical society. Its primary purpose is to allow doctors to more easily "help patients when legitimate health insurance claims have been denied," according to the attorney general's office. But it also contains information for patients about filing insurance complaints on their own and allows MedChi to track doctors' complaints.
The bounty probe is unrelated to the investigation a joint Louisiana state police and FBI task force opened after being made aware of anonymous allegations from an ESPN report that Loomis was able eavesdrop on opposing coaches' radio communications from 2002 to 2004.
The Postal Service wants to test the idea of letting greeting card companies preprint postage on the envelopes they include with their cards.
At 21, I was still too self-absorbed to busy myself with a famine ravaging the African continent like ahyena on the prowl.
For the fifth consecutive year, the Baltimore Running Festival has sold out all five races — the marathon, half-marathon, relay, 5K and kids fun run. Officials expect 24 countries and all 50 states to be represented among the runners, who will compete for the largest purse in race history — $145,000.
Vocal standouts include Susan E. Hughes in "No Room" and Eva Blount in a number of different songs. And the dancers who portray Joseph and Mary (Kevin D. Marr and Laura Johnson) speak volumes with their evocative movement.
"I'm fine now," Nelson said. "I'm not going to use that as an excuse."
Madison vs. Hamlin at Hayti
"The guy says he picked her up at school," Pozner pointed out. JonBenét's body was found in the Ramsey's basement on the day after Christmas 1996.
To serve, cut in wedges and sprinkle with confectioner's sugar. Pass jelly and mustard sauce.
Indeed, according to a recent Pew Research Center poll, 59% of voters called terrorism "very important" to their vote this fall, compared with 75% who said so in August 2004. Eighty-six percent said that of the economy today.
Role model: "Dwayne Wade, because he has had to work very hard, and I love the way he plays the game of basketball."
Meshanko divides companies he's worked with into equal thirds: "Some do it well. Some are middle of the road. And a third just botch it completely.
To be fair, some of the independents have lowered fixed-rate contract prices in recent weeks.
Museum of the African Diaspora
The Detroit City Council questioned on Tuesday the proposed pay for the new positions of chief financial officer and program management director. Here are base salaries for various elected and appointed officials in Detroit and Lansing; the figures do not include the costs of health care and retiree benefits:
"We have been working with the former Imagine board members - the local board members - to talk about the ideas you see here and to work with them on a strategy on acclimating the students into our schools," Adams said.
Thank goodness there are the after-parties, where those who can't rustle up an invite to the big dance and who can't afford $10,000-a-day stylists -- or, apparently, mirrors -- hang out.
Eliot Caroom
Jacob Maldonado was 18 when authorities charged him with gunning down his mother's boyfriend and fleeing to Mexico in May 2000.
A couple of things make their sibling rivalry stand out: They are 44 and 40 years old, respectively, and are rookies playing for the Sacramento Sirens women's semipro football team.
policy that kept confidential the names of police officers involved in shootings. The names of officers facing trials before the Police Board also will be made public.
On the accusation that prosecutors are purposely seeking the death penalty, the brigadier general said their goal is simply to submit the case to a jury of 12 U.S. military service members. "That's what we want," he said.
All three defendants have been released on $75,000 bond.
Residents and businesses have filed 7,229 claims against SDG&E, requesting total compensation of about $7 million. The utility has not acted on those claims while liabilities for the outage are clarified among all the electrical operators involved.
Warren, Evangelical pastor of the Saddleback Church in Orange County, was a chief proponent of Proposition 8, the California ballot measure approved last year that bars gays and lesbians from marrying.
“I’ve rarely heard veterans use the word ‘hero,’ and never in relation to themselves. Veterans don’t really talk about their combat experiences much — they talk about it with each other, or perhaps during therapy, but it’s not something they often speak of. And in a way I wish they would.”
We might also ask why the mother who made the emergency call did so even though she admitted to the dispatcher that the male did not appear to be armed and that her 12-year-old boy had an "active imagination."
Kid friendliness: Moody, original art work, somewhat dim lighting and high noise levels all suggest this is a place for adults, but the kitchen will accommodate requests.
Who paid for this low-intellect, worthless makeover, how much, and who made the money?
As the show's producer and head writer, Howard said, Ruben "was relentless in trying to fulfill the potential of a story or a scene or a moment."
"The information was requested, and the treasurer is actively seeking this information," Dilan said. "Upon receiving it, we will amend the information to add the occupation."
The utility is asking the Kansas Corporation Commission to allow a 12.9 percent jump in rates for its nearly 250,000 Kansas-side customers. If granted, the increase would cost the average residential customer an additional $150 a year.
Himes went 3 for 3 with three RBIs and two doubles. Jayo was 2 for 4 with a double. Lindsay Campbell went 2 for 3 for Liberty. Lysandra Gomez went 1 for 4 with a double, and Lyzette Creason was 1 for 2 for Sahuarita.
JetBlue suspended Slater after the incident, and he resigned in September, leaving him unemployed. He had worked at JetBlue for about three years, though he spent nearly two decades in the airline industry.
They can't stop if they want to get the league crown. The Vikings (21-3-1, 4-0) will host Howell Central Monday. The Spartans have won the conference title the last two seasons.
By my count, Oregon's tech recovery began last December and picked up steam during the summer -- annual job growth was 6.8 percent in each of the past two months. That's the fastest growth in a decade. Still, Oregon tech jobs remain well below their dot-com era peaks and are still off from highs the reached during the middle of the last decade.
L.A. stadiums available
Elway was a master of the dramatic rally, leading the Broncos to
"As Catholics," another passage says, "we are led to raise questions for political life other than 'Are you better off than you were two or four years ago?' Our focus is not on party affiliation, ideology, economics, or even competence and capacity to perform duties, as important as such issues are. Rather, we focus on what protects or threatens human life and dignity."
Those who remained moved into hovels fashioned out of Hesco barriers -- essentially reinforced containers filled with dirt -- with sheets of plywood stacked on top.
<U+0093>On behalf of everyone at Marian University, I want to express my heartfelt condolences to Tanner<U+0092>s family and friends,<U+0094> the school<U+0092>s president, Daniel Elsener, said a statement. <U+0093>The loss of such a promising student and athlete deeply saddens and affects us all. He will be greatly missed by his coaches, professors, and many friends.<U+0094>
But Thomas wasn’t about to pat himself on the back. Though he acknowledged that Saturday was probably his best game of the season, he also said something that Kelly and Helfrich would have agreed with: The Ducks, and Thomas, still have work to do.
Take our poll, and then comment below.
Spanish and Italian equity markets were the worst hit, with Spain's IBEX 35 dropping sharply, down 3.3% at 6783.20—its lowest since March 2009—while Italy's FTSE MIB was 2.6% lower at 14221.37.
"So I've been told," he said.
Thirty-five percent prefer the compromise that caps property tax growth at 2 percent but allows exceptions for expenses such as employee pensions and health care costs.
Following his son's death, Netanyahu returned to Israel full-time. His middle son, Benjamin, entered politics and was elected prime minister of Israel in 1996 and again in 2009. Iddo, the youngest of the three, is a radiologist and writer.
Comment: A better-than-expected athlete with good bulk, Allen has the size and foot quickness to be a solid pass protector at the next level. He plays low with excellent leverage and a strong base that makes it tough for defenders to knock him off balance.
It reminds me of a celestial Rorschach inkblot test: Look at those shapes in the sky and tell me what you see. A bear? A set of twins? If you say so.
Discussion now is about whether to rebuild St. Joseph. Not surprisingly, everyone who grew up at St. Joseph - whose parents married there, whose kids were confirmed there, who hoped one day to be buried there - have voted to rebuild.
(Not available this week.)
We've got two riveting stories to share this morning, beginning with a riveting one about the mysterious disappearance of Portland man last seen while volunteering with Cycle Oregon in Riddle
In the weeks leading up to JazzFest, Tri-C will tie-in concerts by several artists, including trumpeter Dominick Farinacci (artist in residence with the college's Young Visiting Artists Program) on Monday, Feb. 20, at Tri-C's Mainstage Theatre and organist Eddie Baccus Sr. on Tuesday, Feb. 21, at Karamu House.
The new program allows students to earn both baccalaureate and law degrees in a timeframe of six or seven years, beginning this September.
Later in 2007, Valentin called in his chips, asking Dimora to help a friend from Romania -- a natural healer -- to come to the United States. The man had encountered problems obtaining a visa, so Dimora agreed to contact then-U.S. Sen. George Voinovich's office for assistance. What they didn't know at the time was that the Romanian natural healer had treated former Cuban dictator Fidel Castro -- which ended all hopes of a tourist visa.
In corporate news, Kinder Morgan said late Sunday that it would buy El Paso Corp. for $20.7 billion. The deal would create America's largest natural gas pipeline operator. El Paso jumped 24.8 percent. Kinder Morgan Inc., gained 4.8 percent.
"Hi-ho, Hi-ho!" she wrote in 1938. "How does it go? It would be good to see and hear -- . Night school is over about 9 so if you are through with club meeting perhaps I'll see you?"
"Within about 15 minutes, I'd arranged to have someone hook his TV up. I'd called Comcast," Mahla said. "The next time I talked to his son, he said, 'I don't know what you're doing, but my father absolutely loves you.'"
If he's trying to put the skirt-chasing scandal behind him, could he do worse than Byron Bell? I mean since Benny Hill is not alive?
But prospects for reconsidering the vote are dim because several commissioners who are not on the committee said they could not support the effort. There are 13 total commissioners, but only eight voting members on the economic development committee.
The meeting was often contentious and combative. Several attendees interrupted board members by blurting out statements and some speakers disregarded Bitzer's request to stop speaking because their allotted five minute time limit had been met.
Thomas Austin "Amarillo Slim" Preston Jr., a poker champion whose brash style, fast talking and love of the spotlight helped broaden the professional game's appeal and made him one of its most recognizable characters, has died. He was 83.
The proposed legislation would be a significant step for education reform, said spokesman for the New Jersey School Boards’ Association Frank Belluscio.
Johnston said the reason is simple: "He's never been wrong." Phil is "incapable of error," he said, because the groundhog smartly avoids being site-specific in his prognostications.
At the conclusion of a prayer he had written — "I am going to the Lordy, I'm so glad" —Guiteau dropped the poem, and the executioner sprang the trap.
Don't get "routine" ECGs. Plenty of docs order electrocardiograms for people over 40 as part of a routine checkup, no matter how healthy they are.
Edwin Luna's soccer coach at Lincoln, Ryan Edwards, believes the senior could potentially be a world-class player.
Deputy District Attorney Erik Hasselman said the crime was a murder, but he accepted a manslaughter conviction because it was the best way to ensure Meadows went to prison. He said the defense might have raised enough doubt about a key prosecution witness to convince at least one juror to vote for acquittal.
But then she introduced the pesky element of water. Right. That's when the problems began. When we got the actual windsurfing thingie out on the water, well, that introduced a slipperiness I had not counted on. And that slipperiness introduced my butt into the water on several occasions. When it wasn't unceremoniously dumping me into lovely Lakes Bay, the sail was straining muscles I never would have considered necessary to windsurfing. Certainly the cool young guys flying up on a breeze barely hanging on to their sails didn't seem to have screaming hamstrings. (For goodness' sakes, even John Kerry can do this windsurfing thing!) My quad muscles, already burning from a particularly intense kickboxing lesson of the day before, burned, protested and, eventually, made me lose my balance so that the mast smacked my shin and dumped me backwards into the bay.
Americans pay at least 50 percent more than Europeans for health care, often with less satisfactory outcomes, because the federal government pays for more than half of health care but does not impose price and access controls as effective as those in Europe.
The aquarium froze wages to endure the recession, but avoided layoffs. Still, a handful of employees who got a 2 percent cost of living adjustment in 2010 donated it back to the aquarium.
"There are lots of people complaining. I'm not going to point at one versus the other," he said. "I'm not going to get into it. What I would prefer not to happen is to have this personalized."
Despite those efforts and years of acquisitions, Microsoft continues to generate more than 85% of its annual operating income from the Windows software and services, and its Office software suite.
The veteran lawmaker was placed under citizen's arrest by security officers outside Neiman Marcus after leaving the store without paying for clothing items, said Officer Carlos Manfredi of the San Francisco Police Department.
øMinnesota closed the postseason with six consecutive wins, including sweeps of Phoenix in the Western Conference finals and Atlanta in the championship series.
"We got a phone call on July 6 from one of the enforcement inspectors," she recalled. "He said, 'You have to stop advertising, and you cannot take any new reservations.' "
"We were never at any significant financial risk," said Bass, "We kept saying, 'We have to be prepared for this thing to stop, literally a day or two before.'"
Frank Zaveckas 3rd, 36, was located in the Burlington County Jail in Mount Holly Township, police said.
Both men were wearing helmets.
Hands-on Rye Bread Baking: Class with Alan Maniscalco demonstrates five breads. Supply list provided upon registration. 4-6:30 p.m. Thu, May 19. Bob's Red Mill, 5000 S.E. International Way, Milwaukie; $50; www.bobsredmill.com or 503-607-6455
PENSION PICK-UPS
Q: I enjoyed the songs you wrote on Kelly Clarkson's new album. Do you foresee writing more songs for other artists?
PRODUCT OF THE YEAR
Corzine, Coscia and U.S. Senators Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez toured a new seven-car train at the Journal Square PATH station Friday before it began a trip to Hoboken.
"Yes, yes, God," she cried as she heard the verdicts.
Coronado 003 400 — 7 7 0
Rape is a notoriously difficult crime to prosecute. Of every 100 rapes nationwide, 46 are reported, 12 lead to arrests and three result in prison sentences.
The sales information will be updated at about the middle of each month, with all transactions for the previous month.
The quake could also create a shortage for silicon wafers, the foundation upon which semiconductors are built.
Education: Bachelor's degree and master's in business administration from Balboa University (later renamed California Western University)
"Hypocrisy, my friends, is the most obvious of political sins -- and the people will punish it," McCain said. "We were elected to reduce the size of government and enlarge the sphere of free and private initiative. We increased the size of government in the false hope that we could bribe the public into keeping us in office.
Last season: Played for Partizan Belgrade in the Serbian league.
“Beer,” says Victor Rallo, owner of Basil T’s, “has been good to me.” The Red Bank restaurant/brew pub, across the street from the Molly Pitcher Inn, boasts the state’s biggest mug club and Maxwell’s Dry Stout, a 2002 Great American Beer Festival gold medal winner. Basil T’s brews about 1,000 barrels a year; the head brewer is Gretchen Schmidhausler, a former newspaper reporter, of all things. When Rallo and his since-deceased father, also Victor Rallo, stopped serving other beer in 1997, distributors predicted they’d be out of business in no time. Basil T’s is going strong. The food may be the best at any of the state’s brew pubs. The menu runs from pizza and antipasti to pasta, chicken and fish dishes. Every Sunday means Big Vic’s Sunday Sauce — homemade braciole, Italian sausage and meatballs, with house-made rigatoni, fresh peas, ricotta cheese and filetto pomodoro. My favorite brews here: Rosie’s Pale Ale and the XXX Summer Ale.
"It's the most beautiful city in the world,'' his friend said.
The most recent case involved a rookie quietly dismissed after firing three shots Jan. 9, 2010, while off-duty at home, at a group of teens he believed were trying to break into his car. That officer, whose name was redacted in reports made public, waited a half hour to report the incident and gave differing stories, officials said.
The walk is spotlighting the Ripley's Believe it or Not Odditorium scheduled to open June 1. Tim O'Brien, a spokesman for Ripley's said Wallenda would perform the walk in light rain conditions, but heavy rain and winds -- and, of course, lightning -- would be unsafe.
When Maricela Pedroza was 2, a coyote brought her across the border with a fake birth certificate. Her father landed in prison, her mother in a cloud of drugs. By 13, she was smoking and drinking with the Long Beach street gang Barrio Pobre. The gang members called her "Danger." Before her 16th birthday, she was pregnant.
The following are places to hear new hip-hop artists from New Jersey:
As Lohan unhappily sat in the courtroom, the judge told defense lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley that not only would Lohan have to wear the bracelet, but she would have to submit to random drug testing weekly in Los Angeles, not in Texas, where Lohan is shooting a film (presumably "Machete," a Robert Rodriguez film that co-stars Jessica Alba and Robert DeNiro, and which, according to IMDB.com, has been shot in Austin).
"It's a kick I've kicked a thousand times in my career. I just went out there and didn't convert," Cundiff said.
Still, her disappearance remains a mystery.
For those reasons, there is a degree of sympathy for the soldier in custody in the Afghanistan shootings.
Dimora, convicted Friday of racketeering and 32 other corruption-related charges, returned to federal court Monday to watch his lawyers argue with prosecutors over how much of his estate will be forfeited to the government.
Now approaching his two-year anniversary in Deptford come December, Ross, along with Deptford BOE President Walter “Butch” Berglund, are hoping to keep things as they are.
"We care about the product we've put out, we care about our residents and we think this is going to make a terrific option for the people of Fremont," he said.
"Guy is exactly what you'd want in a coach," Manuel said. "And he doesn't age. When he visited me when I was managing the Mets, I'd introduce him, 'That's my high school coach!' and people would look at me and say, 'Damn, he looks better than you, Jerry!' "
It has a great collection of oddball and classic vintage paperbacks on the wall. One group has a lot of World War II themes: "Coral and Brass," "Escape From Colditz" and "The Fleet That Had To Die." Another featured pulpy titles and classics juxtaposed – "Lassie Come Home" near "The Homicidal Virgin."
That network has dispatched Stacey Dales to town to report on the Rams. Former Ram D'Marco Farr, now the analyst on the team's radio broadcasts, will provide some commentary. Rich Eisen is the NFL Network host for Round 1 and is joined by former Rams running back Marshall Faulk as an analyst. Also contributing will be Michael Irvin, Jason La Canfora, Steve Mariucci, Mike Mayock and Deion Sanders. Friday's lineup has Eisen working with Brian Billick, Corey Chavous, Davis, La Canfora and Mayock. Saturday it's Eisen, Billick Chavous, Davis, La Canfora and Mayock.
At 5, he recalled being the smallest kid at his father's basketball camp at Ball State.
To which you could add, with far less debate, that most of our modern, melodramatic romances come from one book by Charlotte Brontë called “Jane Eyre.”
“Well, I know Cory Booker understood that having the Nets in Newark was temporary, and I think the results were mixed — in large part because the team was not performing optimally on the court,’’ Silver said. “But Newark did everything it promised to do; it’s a fantastic arena, and while there’s no NBA team looking to relocate at the moment, I think Newark demonstrated that it has viability as a stand-alone market in the NBA.”
It was a mutually beneficial arrangement. Arnold published several more books, "Marilyn Monroe: An Appreciation" and "Marilyn for Ever," both in 1987. She exhibited and sold the images repeatedly, for decades.
That kind of endorsement has helped the Virginia-based Imagine Schools Inc. persuade thousands of parents and grandparents to enroll their children at its six charter schools in St. Louis. Imagine has done so year after year despite those schools posting among the worst standardized exam scores in the city.
No. 10 Oregon (2-1) and Arizona (1-2) play a Pacific-12 Conference game at 7:15 p.m. tonight.
Popovich denied Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau a chance to become the first coach in history to win the honor in back-to-back seasons.
Tim Kniffin ("Trouble in Mind") masters the art of the dry retort as Anatol's buddy, Max. The ultimate wing man, Max seems to have nothing better to do than to narrate Anatol's love life, but he does that with great finesse.
To save a coral reef from destruction, you have to build with a light footprint. This is something we held as true. Silt, wastewater, golf course fertilizers -- all kill reefs. But the developers and their scientists disagreed, saying they had a plan like none before them.
The father, Sam Driessen, filed a wrongful death lawsuit seeking more than $1.5 million.
"We don't sit here admiring the problem," said Principal Teresa Stetler, who began working at Harvey as a resource teacher in 1995 and has headed the campus for five years. "I hold them to the highest standard as I would for my own children. Some of them don't agree, but they don't leave."
Officers and directors acquire stock in their companies to capture a deal for themselves and, perhaps more importantly, to inform potential investors that they view the stock as a good buy.
Also missing out were four-time All-Star Maurice Cheeks, former Celtics and Rockets coach Bill Fitch, four-time All-Star Bernard King and longtime college and NBA coach Dick Motta.
The play came on a pas from Darron Thomas in the first quarter. De'Anthony Thomas gained 17 yards on the play before being hit by UCLA freshman safety Tevin McDonald. Thomas fumbled and the ball was recovered by linebacker Patrick Larimore.
Green grabbed her son by the shoulders. She tried to rouse life from his rigid body. "Colton! Colton!" she hollered in his face. "Son, what did you take?"
jackpot: $42 million
Franklin, 69, is the honoree for the 16th annual American Music Masters series, presented by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum and Case Western Reserve University. It culminates Saturday evening with an all-star tribute concert at PlayhouseSquare's State Theatre, featuring Lauryn Hill, Dennis Edwards of the Temptations, Ronald Isley and others.
"I felt that the band clicked right away. But it wasn't as if, out of nowhere, we had 150 people at a show. But we always had people telling us that they liked it. That's the kind of thing that keeps a band going. When we started playing together, we felt something special, something promising, that was worth our time.
The effort to protect the unemployed has drawn praise from workers' rights advocates, but business groups say it will just stir up needless litigation by frustrated job applicants. The provision would give those claiming discrimination a right to sue, and violators would face fines of up to $1,000 per day, plus attorney fees and costs.
Bob Lamb, who operates Lamb's Markets five stores, agrees. Even before the recession, he ended up closing his Troutdale grocery in 2005 after opening within a week of the Wood Village Fred Meyer and the Gresham WinCo. That same year, the Wood Village Walmart added a grocery section.
At least he has the sense to settle the Chasse lawsuit before the scheduled June trial. But that's not enough. Next, City Council members and city lawyers should follow through on their pledge to release all the details -- every interview, every report -- that would have come out in court. Show anybody who wonders exactly how this happened so maybe we'll understand why.
OCEAN CITY — Ocean City promotes itself as America's Greatest Family Resort. Supporters say a big part of that appeal is the fact that alcohol is not sold in town.
The strategy has become so intricate that Sen. Julie Rosen, R-Fairmont, the chief Senate author of stadium legislation, said on Tuesday that she is still unsure whether she would sponsor two proposals or have another legislator lead one of the efforts to make them appear separate.
Under the deal that brought him out of the embassy, the family was reunited and taken to Chaoyang Hospital, where Chen was treated for a foot injured in his escape.
They left North Carolina on Feb. 8 and on their second day on the road were in a traffic accident that destroyed their vehicles.
One 46-year-old Philadelphia woman, who called herself "Jihad Jane," is accused of trolling online for recruits willing to kill overseas. She was arraigned on federal terrorism charges Thursday.
Adrian Casy, a security guard at the Olympic Stadium, said Saturday's events were among the main rehearsals for the games, particularly in moving and managing the crowds of spectators from the Park and from one venue to another.
"My mom was my best friend," he said. "She was everything to us."
The race to avoid the drop could not be tighter after Zaragoza downed the already-relegated Racing Santander 2-1 and Sporting Gijon beat Betis 1-0. Second-to-last place Sporting has 37 points. Zaragoza and Rayo Vallecano both have 40, while Villarreal has 41 and Granada 42.
A Salem woman who had 16 neglected horses seized from her farm last year has been sentenced to two years in prison.
The St. Louis ribs are dry-rubbed, slow-cooked until tender, then char-grilled and basted with house-made barbecue sauce. A full slab is $16.95; a half slab is $11.95, and a half slab with barbecued chicken breast is $16.75. Ribs are served with coleslaw and choice of potatoes or vegetables.
"My daughter asked me if I ever thought about getting into politics," Pickett says. "I said 'No.'
"It's extremely disturbing to even have the allegations - it's hard to believe - but if true, it's a sign they (PG&E) may never get their act together," Hill said.
For now, Kathryn Noles, 29, a server at Schu's, is glad she has two years to decide what to do about insurance.
Monday's event for Paul, a medical doctor, was co-sponsored by the Arab Student Union at the University of Michigan-Dearborn and Doctors for Ron Paul.
Vitals: 320 Village Lane (near North Santa Cruz Avenue), Los Gatos; (408) 354-4330. manresarestaurant.com. Dinner Wednesday-Sunday. Beer and wine. Reservations and credit cards accepted.
In the end, Cassell said he realized, "there's no place like home."
After finishing as a runner-up in January's Australian Open, Li signed endorsement deals with watch brand Rolex, ice-cream maker Haagen-Dazs and medical tape developer SpiderTech.
“I’d like to do anything,” Butcher told city council members of assisting the fire department.
Council President Marty O’Donnell said killing the proposal altogether was not an option but that council’s Collective Committee could discuss whether to move forward with one amendment or to decouple the issues and propose a second charter amendment.
Those with low income would receive a sales tax rebate. Those earning $45,000 or less would pay no income taxes. The working middle class with incomes up to $95,000 would pay only 2 percent. The homeowners and renters credit would be doubled. Those making more than $95,000 would pay 7.5 percent. Because of the 1 percent surcharge on mental health on millionaires, they would pay a top rate of 8.5 percent.
"It's another step toward me coming home."
The starters continue to keep the team in games, but the Nationals now can't get enough hits and the struggle to score runs has magnified into the current five-game losing streak.
The crash which resulted in Kerns’ death occurred during a 10-day exercise which will end April 17 and involves about 1,200 U.S. military personnel.
C Brian McCann, 29 ($12 million option)
On Saturdays and Sundays, the farm sells greenhouse produce, heirloom eggs, herbs, and pork from pasture-raised hogs. Part of its growth has come as del Campo and her daughter, Laura, create educational programs for the public.
In this economy, he said firmly, "You can't keep holding your hand out."
The Beauchamps' rusty magic seems to be causing mysterious and bad happenings in the rarefied, sprawling lands of North Hampton, leading the trio to fear they will be persecuted like the suspected witches of Salem, Mass. And that's when this book begins to turn into a bit of a brew. Just as it reaches its climax and North Hampton is going haywire, a whole cast of otherworldly creatures appears. A zombie, a Blue Blood and a warlock all wander into a story that toward the end reads like a crash course in Norse mythology as De la Cruz tries to pull together her plot strings and set up the next book.
Norman's meticulous research includes Aunt Mimi's papers and interviews with Ono, Beatles producer George Martin and McCartney. Each is positively represented, particularly Ono. Rather than an opportunist who managed to break up the Beatles as she took over John's life -- leaving him a housewife, in the description of George Harrison -- Norman presents her as the unwilling object of John's attentions.
For apartment-seekers, the hot market means enduring heavy competition and high move-in costs.
At the time, Will Auther and Allison Wiener didn't realize how much they also would fall in love with the home's rich history.
Cool it, Denver, today is going to feel like the dog days of August.
Farmiga, a sympathetic director of other actresses, elicits a tremulous performance from sister Taissa as the young Corinne and an electric one from Dagmara Dominczyk as Annika, Corinne's bosom friend.
Dr. Lee Graber, an orthodontist in Vernon Hills, Ill., and past president of the AAO, would agree. He's had orthodontic patients ranging from 3 to 88 years of age.
Oleg Saprykin paid cash for a 4,065-square-foot, four-bedroom, 3 1/2-bath condo in the Landmark at Kierland in Scottsdale. The split-master floor plan, designed by Donna Decker, features a home theater and three balconies with views of the Westin Kierland Golf Course. . Oleg Saprykin is a professional hockey player who played for the Phoenix Coyotes from 2004 until he was traded to the Ottawa Senators in 2007. The home was sold by Ed Lewis as president of Centennial Homes Inc., the managing member of Butte Landmark LLC of Scottsdale.
After she wandered away from the police station, Eilman was lured into the last standing high-rise of the Robert Taylor Homes, where she was assaulted before plummeting from a seventh-floor window. She suffered massive trauma, including a severe brain injury, shattered pelvis and numerous broken bones. She now lives with her parents near Sacramento and requires around-the-clock care.
Asked why Man Church meets at such an early hour, Rauscher replied: "Because it doesn't disrupt family time."
"I'm glad we had already done that," she said. "It would have been a lot more exciting if we had been way up there at the top."
Naturally, George and Linda start to realize they may have bitten off more than they can chew as we are peppered with jokes about drugs, lack of privacy and free love that would have seemed more outrageous and inventive in the 1970s.
The sheriff’s website also describes Donovan as "chief of the law enforcement division," where a job description says he "is in charge of 115 sworn law enforcement personnel, 30 civilian employees" and oversees a budget of more than $11 million.
For young vegetarians, health consequences are less straightforward. Few researchers have focused specifically on vegetarian kids, and outcomes are hard to measure because chronic diseases just aren't common in young people.
Marylanders and the nation voted against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in 2006, 2008 and 2010. But our presidents and Congress have nonetheless gone their own merry way by ignoring the only polls that matter — the voters.
But the script is riddled with cliches; Shepard in particular has to utter some groaners that must have pained him greatly. Vera Farmiga finds herself in a similar situation, as a professional rival of Gleeson's Barlow.
Walking through both parks, attendees get a behind-the-scenes look at Disney's back lot. Those remaining after the event receive a 30 percent discount on park tickets.
"He was a funeral director, and this was a great diversion. He'd come home from work and start working on it. The first thing he did at Thanksgiving was to start making bows," she said.
SATSUKI INA, 67
Brown said she was misled growing up, thinking enemies were people far, far away.
This year, her work with jail diversion became even more personal. She visits her 19-year-old son, William Rhymes, in the Wayne County Jail, where he awaits trial for armed robbery. Charleston believes her son is -- like her -- bipolar, but he hasn't been diagnosed or treated. He attempted suicide in 2008, according to court records.
4:28 p.m. -- This is why the Cardinals receiving corps has gotten so much attention this year. QB Kurt Warner has three sizeable completions to three different receivers on Arizona's opening drive: 17 yards to Steve Breaston, 15 yards to Larry Fitzgerald and 17 yards to Anquan Boldin.
TODAY Jared Carter: 4 to 6 p.m., Flat 12 Bierwerks, 414 Dorman St. Book launch for "A Dance in the Street," the Indiana poet's fifth collection of poems. Visit www.the-growler.com.
Martini, a former trucker who was once an FBI informant, kidnapped Flax and extracted a $25,000 ransom from Flax’s wife before shooting him three times in the back of the head.
Overall, about 170 teachers have been notified that their contracts have not been renewed for next year, school district spokesman David Waller said. Of those, about 20 are CTAE teachers.
2004 Lavradores de
Feb. 16, 2005, Army Spc. Justin B. Carter, 21, Mansfield
FERTILIZE
On Capitol Hill, Republicans braced for Lugar loss throughout the day.
South Suburban Parks and Recreation is offering a Summer Adventure Pass that may be used at four outdoor pools and recreation centers from May 26 to Sept. 3. Fees range from $102 for a child (resident) to $356 for a household (non-resident). Purchase the pass at any South Suburban recreation center. Passes purchased by Monday include additional free items. 303-347-5999, sspr.org
As the millionaires tax debate simmered, Democrats held hearings to highlight the impact of Christie’s far-reaching cuts to education, social programs, even services for the blind. But attention fixated on a different spectacle: the governor’s nasty and colorful fight with the New Jersey Education Association, the powerful teachers union that became Christie’s favorite target.
Two sets of twins in Dezellem's class are identical. Carter and Carson Long and Emanuel and Aaron Guillen spotted each other on the first day of school last fall during orientation. In the hour or so the four boys spent together that day, Dezellem said, they bonded.
Instinct vs. the rest:
May we merit your protection, your love, your grace, and your blessing now and always as we go on our way."
Maureen David, whose 17-year-old daughter went to the Electric Daisy Carnival on June 26, said that someone there offered her daughter Ecstasy and that, within 20 minutes of taking it, the teenager's heart was beating rapidly.
"The Dragon, the Blade and the Thread: Book Three of the Star Trilogy,"
"It was just a weird game all the way around," said Brian McCann, who hit a grand slam off Halladay. "Stuff you've never seen happen."
But Lt. Gen. Benjamin Mixon's civilian boss says the three-star Army general won't receive a letter of reprimand or be forced to step down. Army Secretary John McHugh told reporters Wednesday that Mixon has been told by Army Chief of Staff Gen. George Casey that what he did was inappropriate.
What to do/watch
A parental-rights termination hearing is scheduled April 11.
Did McMillan considering double-teaming the 10-time All-Star?
Palm trees and rollerblades. Moreno has heard that before - heard it this summer, in fact, after performing in Europe, of all places. And he concedes: "Mickey Mouse is not a very threatening image."
"Respecting our great game and the NFL shield is extremely important to me," Payton added, referring to the league's famous logo.
Women of childbearing age are advised to get at least 400 micrograms of folic acid (the synthetic form of folate) daily, either in foods -- think spinach and other leafy green vegetables; dried beans; bananas and eggs, for example -- or in a vitamin supplement. A woman's levels should be high at least one month before conception and during the first trimester to ensure the greatest protection against birth defects.
Collinsville (21-3 overall, 9-1 in league play) will host Edwardsville (17-4, 8-2) on Tuesday in a matchup of the top two teams in the Southwestern Conference.
Weiss cut the lead in half at 5:02 of the third, burying a one-timer from the right circle after a pass from Brian Campbell. The equalizer nearly came 3 minutes later, when Weiss had another shot blocked, Scottie Upshall nearly got his stick on the rebound — the Devils' Andy Greene tied him up just enough to thwart that chance — and Kris Versteeg's try was batted away.
The first, pre-dawn strike Thursday killed five militants, hitting a house on the western outskirts of Jaar where they were staying and completely leveling the structure.
The billboards have been called eye sores by some sign critics, and they've caused some confusion from people who don't really know what exactly they're advertising. But they're within allowable limits, and the mystery ends up a piece of the marketing genius.
øIn another number issue, no rider will wear 108 this year. That number has been permanently retired in the Giro after Belgian rider Wouter Weylandt died wearing it in the third stage last year after clipping a wall and crashing during a descent.
Sales of new and existing houses and condominiums rose across Ohio from May to June and were brisk when compared with the doldrums of June 2009. The Ohio Association of Realtors said today that statewide home sales increased about 4.2 percent from May to June. In a 15-county area of Northeast Ohio, sales of new and existing single-family homes increased 16.3 percent from one month to the next, while condo sales jumped 33 percent.
I was scared to death of him. I honestly wasn't sure when he told me he would "kill me" that he didn't mean it.
Carter was fishing in a rowboat in Plains, Ga., in 1979 and used his paddle to splash a rabbit that was swimming toward his boat. Carter's press secretary Jody Powell shared the rabbit story with members of the press "in a bar after a lot of drinking had gone on," the former president told CNN.
The right-hander gave up only three hits, including a single and double by Votto, in eight innings on Thursday. It was the second year in a row that he pitched on his birthday and did well. Last year, he allowed only one run over seven innings and got a no-decision in a 4-1 win over the Dodgers.
People who have been inoculated can still get the flu, Freiden said, but it will likely to be a less severe case.
Chris Seyffarth took the early start approach. The Indianapolis resident bowled in the USBC state tournament in the opening weekend on Feb. 25-26 in Fort Wayne.
The Orange County Sheriff's Department took top honors, with participants losing 14.5 percent of their body fat, or 387.4 pounds. Santa Ana police placed second with 14 percent or 380.6 pounds; and Anaheim police came in third with 12 percent, or 243.4 pounds.
"We're just running around doing things, and we don't have time to grieve yet," Zicha said. "We want to make sure everything looks nice and everything goes perfect. Our time will happen after the funeral."
We got news of one such case involving a group out of Detroit this week.
I helped strap Kenzie into her skis...
Although Lupe forcefully warned the BIA not to interfere with Apache sovereignty, records show he later asked the bureau to investigate the Tribal Court, declaring in a March 22 letter that "the judge is out of control." A week later, the BIA announced that a formal review of the court would be conducted.
Without the state subsidizing purses, there is no real financial incentive for owners to race their horses.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine the chicken stock and mushrooms. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Pour into medium bowl, cover and refrigerate overnight.
Tina Fey - 30 Rock
On if he can take anything away from Kansas’ first game against Ohio State this season:
Cerf's nomination leaked out late last week, in what Christie called the "worst-kept secret" in his one-year administration. The governor will forward Cerf's nomination to the state Senate for confirmation.
Jasmine made it to first grade, then overcame a speech disorder and being placed in a "slow" reading class in second grade.
The meetings were led by Bart Wechsler, director of the University of Missouri-Columbia's Truman School of Public Affairs. Wechsler specializes in helping communities evaluate their needs. The district paid $5,000 for his consulting services. He is compiling the final report, which will have more details about the number of ambulances, crews and costs, plus other future needs for the district.
Take-home cars are a prime example of mismanagement inside the sheriff’s office that spurred the push to transfer much of the sheriff’s authority over jail spending and discipline to county commissioners, Wheeler said.
“I’m here, as of right now, in one of the most important games of the year, so, yeah, I can’t complain overall,” Capers said. “It can get a little hectic from time to time, but overall I still enjoy the experience.”
1. Kentucky
The Kings are 1-11 without Thornton this season.
Wong Fillmore was 18 when she attended her first tamalada. She and her then-husband, Frank Chinn, had been invited to the home of Gordo and Gomacina Espinoza. It was Christmas Eve 1952.
The editorial said, "... investing in services for young people saves money on the back end, keeping adults off the streets and out of prison." We whole-heartedly agree. Using the model developed by our national affiliate, Friends of the Children, we are happy to report that 92 percent of our program's children attend school regularly, 95 percent have avoided the juvenile justice system and
At the Highlands Council, executive director Eileen Swan emphasized the group’s role is to decide whether plans by Tennessee Gas to "mitigate" environmental damage are sufficient to merit an exemption from Highlands rules.
Q: What year was the famous “Sneakers Game” played at the Polo Grounds?
Admirers swarmed Muti backstage, swapping cheek kisses with him until he finally made his way out the door. Assistant concertmaster Yuan-Qing Yu said the concert, which had “great energy,” carried special meaning taking place in Muti’s hometown. “It’s quite an experience, such a great conclusion to the tour.”
There are countless details involved in an opening: the food, staff, small wares, kitchen equipment, liquor license, permits, contractors, pest control, paint colors, chairs, bar design, artwork, doorknobs, napkins, office goods (why are there never any pen anywhere?!), inventory systems, alarm systems, fire codes, patio permits, garbage pick-up … just a few off the top of my head.
The Devils, after beating Florida in double-overtime Thursday to win Game 7 of their quarterfinal series, will try to even this series tonight before hosting the next two contests in New Jersey.
"My dad and I used to talk about this, but he didn't know anything specific," says Brady Hanlen, who runs Hanlen's Meat & Catering, the Kirkwood butcher shop founded by his late father, Denny. "What he did say was that there was a demand for a cleaner rib - the tip has all that cartilage in it, and it's crooked. (The cut-off pieces) also then helped to satisfy demand for a less-expensive rib product, which became rib tips."
As for the effect on the region, Hutzel sees no downsides.
"Maybe we should listen to them," Berry said. "If we don't listen to them, then they will make you listen to them in November."
Crane enters the Barclays -- which starts Thursday -- at No. 86 on the FedExCup points list. The top 100 after Sunday's final round advance to the next week's Deutsche Bank Championship.
"They were the instigators of this entire event," Burris said. "Their over-aggressive behavior led to Oscar Grant's death."
Even before he became ill, Goodwin was certain he would take advantage of the law if his alternative was a slow and agonizing death.
4. Bake for 5 minutes. Remove pan from oven. Sprinkle the chocolate chips or chunks over top. As the chocolate melts, spread it evenly over the matzoh. Sprinkle with nuts, if desired.
ANDREW LUCK, QB, STANFORD.
Gotye, the stage name for singer-songwriter Wouter "Wally" De Backer, has simply grown too big for his own good. While his accountant would surely applaud his recent and amazingly rapid ascent, his live show — judging from what was seen on Wednesday at the Bill Graham Civic — is suffering from tremendous growing pains.
Pupusas Maria is in the parking lot of Willy's Furniture, on Eighth Street near the corner of Avenue B. Scant seating forced me to eat my pupusa ($1.50) standing as traffic flowed past, yet it was more delectable than many meals I've had with my knees tucked under a white tablecloth.
Signed through 2011 (club option for '12)
Carol Patterson
Second home: Carl Pavano, who rekindled his career last season with the Indians, has landed on his feet with the Minnesota Twins. Pavano went 5-4 in 12 starts for the Twins last season after the Indians traded him. This year he's leading the Twins' rotation with an 11-6 record with a 3.48 ERA in 19 starts.
Voters should re-elect Susan Montee so that Mr. Schweich can begin full-time campaigning for the job he really wants.
In deciding whether the bill advances a religious agenda, the governor needs to look at context and history as well as the text. A useful reference work would be a 2005 decision by a federal judge in Pennsylvania striking down a school board policy requiring that students be made aware of "gaps/problems in Darwin's theory and of other theories of evolution including, but not limited to, intelligent design." In that case, Judge John E. Jones concluded that intelligent design and teaching about "gaps" and "problems" in evolutionary theory are "creationist, religious strategies that evolved from earlier forms of creationism."
That was the last recollection I have of her, and when she was no longer a member of our class, I don't recall anyone giving it a second thought. But I remember what I did, and although I might pass it off as being of no great consequence, I really don't have any idea what effect it may have had on her.
One thing to keep in mind is that the developer preview release of Mountain Lion is just that -- a pre-consumer version of a still-in-development operating system released to programmers so they can get their apps working on the software before it goes public.
Don't get caught up over why Carrera was in center Sunday. We all know it's because Luis Valbuena wasn't available (ba-da-boom).
"This man has to pay," the cop's mom, May Schaberger, said. "He can still see his mom. My son ... I don't know if I die I'll see him on the other side or not."
Officials with the U.S. Immigration and Enforcement agency maintain, though, that the agency continues to review cases on an individual basis. Immigration officials, based on individual circumstances, recently granted stays of removal for some Indonesians.
øRees started 12 of 13 games as the Irish went 8-5 last season after starting four games as a freshman in the 2010 season. He was among four players competing during Notre Dame's spring practices for the starting quarterback spot this coming season.
July 1, 2010: The fiscal year begins without a spending plan for California as lawmakers are unable to agree on how to deal with the crisis. The state stops payments to vendors, some employees and some schools and local governments.
RS Emily Rabot, Archbishop Molloy
German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle told reporters in Berlin that his government was worried about Tymoshenko's health and other imprisoned officials of her former government, saying the German offer to provide hospital care for a complicated back problem still stands.
2013 DRAFT: The end of one draft cycle sends us looking at the next year.
The week started with controversy over a botched answer in the state’s 1,000-page application for Race to the Top funding. It ended with Gov. Chris Christie’s messy firing of Education Commissioner Bret Schundler.
There are more than a dozen bay area businesses owned by Swiss conglomerates, from UBS Securities to staffing firm Adecco USA to the Zephyrhills brand of spring water operation sold regionally by a division of Nestlé.
Three very different entrees each yielded pleasing results on our first visit.
“It’d be like Derby ... on crack,” he said, and laughed.
Chopped fresh cilantro leaves
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Michigan State sent a video to the Sugar Bowl extolling the virtues of Spartan football, making a case for the school's first BCS bowl trip in the 13-year history of the current college football postseason system.
Bronx A East just became wide open. Monroe ace, leadoff hitter and second baseman Ricky Parra will be out for at least a few weeks with an elbow problem; without the dynamic junior, the young Eagles fell to Morris, 8-7, last week and lead Walton by just a single game atop the division.
Saturday: Philadelphia at Chicago, New York at Miami, Orlando at Indiana.
"He didn't hit hard," said Osborn, in only his eighth bout. "He was doing all the tapping."
Would-be pickers are offered subsidies to help buy a motorbike and coaching on how to save money. The success of the program has other states following Kerala's lead. There's even a dial-a-coconut-tree-climber service to match pickers with farmers.
May 01, 2012 06:31 PM EDT
Some lawmakers are worried that their colleagues will pack controversial ideas such as vouchers and unpopular school funding solutions into the mix, sabotaging a simple fix.
øThe Greyhounds or No. 2 Massachusetts probaby will inherit the top ranking when new polls come out Monday.
AJC analysis: Since 2006, 307 classes exhibited improbable changes, compared to an expected 177. Odds: less than 1 in 1 trillion.
Brady’s wiliness poses a threat.
Spenser's true love, psychologist Susan Silverman, points out the similarities, and differences, between what he's doing for Mattie and what he did for another kid, Paul Giacomin, many books ago.
BASSINETS
Broma, based in Cleveland, is one of several companies that have surfaced in the federal probe that focuses on Commissioner Jimmy Dimora and Auditor Frank Russo. Neither man has been charged, and both maintain their innocence. More than 20 people -- among them politicians, former county employees and businessmen -- have pleaded guilty to corruption-related crimes.
That eventually morphed into the band Drunk Driving. They performed at Maxwell’s, the Beat’n Path, and a small club called Mile Square City that existed for a short time on 14th Street. “That was the early hardcore scene, and the mosh pits were insane back then,” Bert remembers. “And Peter was absolutely crazy. His big thing was throwing stuff off the stage and going absolutely beserk. One time he and Linda were at Mile Square City and he just grabbed her by the back and threw her into this insane mosh pit with all these big muscled bald guys beating each other silly.” That and a few other incidents convinced Bert it was time to move on, so when he saw a flyer in Rocks In Your Head Records on Prince Street one day looking for a drummer, he checked it out.. and wound up joining the early Sonic Youth.
Every time I look at it, I will remember you and how much I wish I could hear your voice calling me "Spartacus" just one more time.
Years ago, when my kids were little, we went to Chicago for the weekend. I took them to the Field Museum. I recalled a huge fossil statue of a dinosaur in the main lobby. I was impressed with it when I was a kid. We walked into the museum and it was still there.
May 5-6: Mary Lou Heard Memorial Garden Tour - "Real Gardens by Real People" -- This yearly self-guided charity event offers 40-plus gardens from Long Beach to San Clemente. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. both days. Free – donations from the heart. No ticket necessary. 714-566-4800 or HeardsGardenTour.com
a) 939
Parkinson said his measure sends this message: "Hey, somebody's paying attention. If you're not being a good steward, those tax dollars can be rescinded."
Among those who started fresh was Stuart Cohen, a veteran Oregon tech exec who used to run the Open Source Development Labs in Beaverton. That office closed in 2007 when OSDL merged with a San Francisco group and Cohen started his own Portland company, the Collaborative Software Initiative.
"It wouldn't necessarily be anyone who even knew much about us," said Karen Daubert, the university's trademark and brand manager.
A crew redirected a wrong-way arrow on Ohio 82 in order to send Ohio Turnpike traffic the correct way. Road Rant pointed out the pointing error in last week's column. The fix took place within hours of the newspaper hitting the street.
At the end, her students discover whether their characters lived or died.
Monsanto denies the claims and said it is fully cooperating with the Justice Department inquiry, including handing over millions of pages of documents.
During May, the first full month under the rule, airlines canceled at least 140 flights out of concern for violating the three-hour limit, according to Darryl Jenkins and Joshua Marks, aviation consultants and the researchers who conducted the study.
What happened next is the stuff of myth. The four men jammed for hours, recording a raft of blues, gospel, bluegrass and country tunes that Colin Escott, a pop-music scholar and co-creator of "Million Dollar Quartet," has called "a catechism of where rock 'n' roll comes from."
"Ten years ago, it seemed to be betting IBM's future and our clients' on an environment we didn't control," said Dan Frye, IBM's vice president of open systems in Beaverton.
Crude oil wavered but gained $1.33 to settle at $103.88 per barrel. The Bureau of Labor Statistics said Tuesday that higher fuel costs drove prices for imports into the United States up 2.2 percent last month. It's the first time import prices have topped 2 percent in consecutive months since June 2008.
Gartland took responsibility for his actions but also appeared to mitigate his own wrongdoing.
"No one has the right to know what they're talking about," Tarrant said.
Cabaret Series (Thursday-Sunday; Center Stage)
Brooks said the sewer rehabilitation will constitute the largest public works project in St. Louis' history, and the "nation's most significant sewer transformation project ever."
12 G, 11 A
Mack said he's not worried about a recall, but a Stand By Tony Committee has been formed to defend his record. He also recently announced that he is coming out with a self-published autobiography: "Detours to Destiny: Life Under Construction."
Two years ago, leaders at Fort Campbell, which is home to the famed 101st Airborne Division, felt compelled to shut the base for a three-day "suicide stand down" after 11 soldiers killed themselves over a span of five months.
Don’t be surprised if you have a wait on a weekend night, though, or if you’re nudged along to make room for others at the end of your meal. We were, when the server came with the bill before mentioning dessert.
Buono (D-Middlesex) and Cryan both bucked the party and voted against the landmark overhaul of health care benefits and pensions for state employees that was approved in June with the support of Democratic leaders.
Not all of his experiences in China, though, were enjoyable.
Lixx even takes the mike, though he refrains from any David Lee Roth leg kicks.
The Nature Conservancy's Jeffery Walk will lead one more bird and plant appreciation walk through Millennium Park and the Lurie Garden Thursday at 7:30 a.m. Registration is required, and can be done online at luriegarden.org or by calling 312-742-8497.
With starter Rick VandenHurk lasting just three-plus innings and allowing five runs (four earned), the Orioles were stuck in a 5-4 hole until the eighth, when they rallied against Boston relievers Daniel Bard (2-9) and closer Jonathan Papelbon, who attempted to get a five-out save.
For more information about workshops, presentations and webinars related to the plan, go to nortech.org.
The bill reflects the wishes of Republican Gov. John Kasich, who took office with some tough talk for unions: no more collective bargaining or binding arbitration, and if you think about going on strike over a labor dispute, you will be fired.
DBs Corey Brown, Adam Griffin, Orhian Johnson, Tyvis Powell, Bradley Roby, Nick Sarac
Castle also provided the surgical tubing and tie wraps needed to secure the nylon flags to the poles. Edward Jones and Mid America Chevrolet Dealers donated money for the display. Randall's employer, Pace Properties, paid for the flags.
Beldini was finally ordered to report to jail last week, but that was pushed back to this weekend so a judge could hear the latest argument.
York and started trading this week, according to Thomas Mulroy, the firm's co-head of institutional equities and fixed income research and trading. They report to Mulroy.
Patriot Coal's loss in the fourth quarter equaled 42 cents a share compared with a profit of $7.3 million, or 8 cents a share, in the same period a year earlier.
But DHS has asked utilities to not remove any malware or patch security holes if they don't jeopardize safe operations, according to people who have seen the alerts. One said that the details of the threats and the frequency of alerts "indicated to me this was pretty serious."
Keith Wahl, hired to start Valor's baseball program, wasn't allowed by CHSAA to coach in the 2009 postseason because he e-mailed players from his previous school, Mountain Vista, introducing his new Eagles program.
for the title of world's most valuable company. As recently as January, Exxon's value exceeded Apple's. Now Exxon Mobil is valued at $409 billion, or $160 billion less than Apple.
In Colorado, several high schools across the state are hosting drug-free events on Friday. The University of Colorado's student government supports the university's anti-4/20 actions this year. And other Colorado students created a Facebook campaign urging their colleagues to wear formal clothing to school on Friday to repudiate the university's party-school reputation.
The search to replace him comes at a time of great turnover in Maryland's education leadership. Nearly half of the superintendencies in the state have recently turned over or will soon. Searches are being conducted for school superintendents for the state and for Howard County.
The agency says holding it doubly culpable as the terrorists is unreasonable.
Republican Sens. Jason Atkinson of Grants Pass and Brian Boquist of Dallas have signed on to support the ban this year after voting against it last year. Boquist said he's interested in creating new markets for Oregon manufacturers to sell BPA-free products.
"What makes it exciting is that this is based on the patient's own immune system," Sloan said. It's something that, based on preliminary data, has given physicians a lot of hope.
Old Spice brand manager James Moorhead agrees. "Old Spice is the number one male body wash and deodorant in both dollar and volume share," Moorhead said in an e-mail. "While we can't disclose specific sales data, we can tell you we are very happy with the positive business growth that has been a result of the campaign."
Goh dropped out of the nursing program at Oikos around November, but came back to campus numerous times to ask her for a full tuition refund, she said.
WHAT TO PLAY
Some patients, for instance, bypassed the typical appointment process. Those were the "important people" — athletes, bodybuilders and high-profile officials — who didn’t want to be seen or leave a paper trail, Lehar said.
I'm not sure that's ever happened. So think of it this way. An Indians' division title wouldn't be as stunning as something that never happened before.
But putting an even more positive spin on the situation, Thibodeau said the Bulls no longer need Rose to be the uberoffensive force that had him average 27.1 points on just 39.6 percent shooting in last season's playoff run.
David Uram, a principal with Pirhl, said his development would replace two of the corridor's most-blighted buildings, the former Eton and Rugby apartments. "I know MidTown is opposing it, but it does seem to be sort of a question as to whether or not they're an objective observer here," he said.
Mr. Harris remains optimistic about the stock market, arguing that "we're better off now than we were at this time last year" in terms of the economy's strength, but expects the market to come under more pressure. "I'm not in a hurry to add stocks," he said.
MADRID—Inditex SA, owner of fast-fashion pioneer Zara, on Wednesday reported higher net profit for its fiscal year after doubling its footprint in China and increasing sales across its global network of stores. The retailer said it would keep up its pace of expansion in coming years.
The Browns, Jaguars, Cowboys and Eagles all traded up to get players they coveted. The Vikings dropped a spot and still came away with the guy they wanted.
Talbott (“Slipping,” also with Numrich) is trying to show a family unable to escape an endless cycle of hardship and despair. Occasionally he comes up with insights, as when Jer, looking vulnerable with his pink cheeks and flannel jacket, says he wants to go to Disneyland — to work and “control the rides,” not just have fun.
Quarterly profits for S&P 500 companies will probably only grow at half the rate of the previous three quarters, said Sam Stovall, chief equity strategist at S&P's Capital IQ. The companies generate about half their revenue overseas, he said.
NEW YORK - Like bookends, Elsa Schiaparelli and Miuccia Prada sit at opposite ends of a long, elegant table for their chat. There are crystal wineglasses and an ornate chandelier. They cover fashion, of course, but get into broader topics of politics and exotic places, feminism and popular culture.
2. Robert Cawood (Annapolis), 40:15
Ford, which lost $30 billion between 2006 and 2008, has posted profits of $11.6 billion over the last 18 months.
On a larger scale, the company noted its preference for deals involving heavyweight institutions - such as the Blackstone Group, which formed a $1.4 billion joint venture with DDR last month to buy 46 shopping centers. The deal maintains DDR's role leasing and managing the properties. Blackstone will own 95 percent of the joint venture, but DDR negotiated for the first right to buy 10 of the properties under certain, undisclosed circumstances.
But Bill Dials, Moses' attorney, claimed Rankins lied when he implicated Moses. Dials said Rankins had admitted stabbing Peterson in the back and that Rankins, not Moses, was responsible for her death.
Washington University senior guard Dylan Richter (Lincolnshire, Ill.) is the University Athletic Association Player of the Year. Richter averaged 16.4 points per game en route to becoming the 20th basketball player in school history to reach 1,000 career points. He is the ninth Bears player in the 25-year history of the UAA to be named player of the year.
It was after midnight on New Year's Day 2003, and 7-year-old Ozvie Harris and his family had one more stop to make before heading home from church. The boy waited in the back seat while his aunt ran into Dr. J's Liquor on Logan Avenue to buy a fire log.
"They push me to get better. That's what our team is about -- getting better. It's a blast every day. I don't feel like I'm coming to work every day. I'm going to play basketball for the Miami Heat, and that's a great feeling."
The result is a gap between the ball’s trajectory and the path as perceived by the batter. The gap is small when the batter switches to peripheral vision, but gets larger as the ball travels the last 20 feet to home plate.
Early? The Pirates hadn't been able to score many runs at any stage of games.
Pedestrian safety needs far more attention here. And the reality is that statistics nationwide on pedestrian safety are incomplete. Sadly, even in the Portland region, many places aren't in the least bit walkable. These are exactly the places where the poorest, most disabled and most vulnerable Portlanders live.
Laws, ordinances or bans cannot ensure that owners take responsibility for their animals, regardless of breed.
Getting the news
138 Isabella Road, $445,000, 02-29-12, 1,630 SF, 4 BR
Chances are the Obama administration, which will soon see its own imperfect health care plan come under attack, would be willing to work with us. In the spirit of reform, it could give us some of the federal money we would have received had we stayed in Medicaid. Our two senators, Claire McCaskill and Roy Blunt, could coordinate that part of the effort.
The agency, part of the U.S. Department of the Interior, plans a final decision by December.
Though his documentary features a segment on "Rescue Me," Holzer thinks that rather than shift to dark cable dramas, TV viewers sought programs that made them "laugh or feel normal again."
Wong's Wok is just the place to get it.
Against four hearts West led the king of clubs. If the defense continued routinely by taking a second club, declarer would have to rely on the diamond finesse and negotiate trumps for only one loser to get home. Since the finesse is destined to succeed, the fate of the contract rests on how declarer tackles hearts.
"Yes, the children suffer here," he said. "But across the board, the groups that aren't coming because of the perceived fears are the ones that are losing out. People are missing on the incredible experience of serving so close to home."
Grant, who has the disease, serves as a community ambassador for the Portland Trail Blazers. Because of the labor dispute between league owners and players, team employees can't have contact with players.
Lecture explores Park Blocks' past
Back in the car, hair still damp, cheeks flushed and fingers a bit prunelike, my 11-year-old daughter said, "I feel so relaxed." And for that moment — before facing the Sunday night scramble, a week's worth of school lunches to pack and looming work deadlines — I did, too.
Enough already about Europe's precious Champions League. It's not the only continental club competition going on in soccer.
There is also agreement that Arizona suffers disproportionately because of federal border policies, as was seen Friday when a Pinal County sheriff's deputy was ambushed and shot by suspected drug smugglers.
Regional governments are facing rising financing costs and weak investor demand for their bonds amid growing doubts about their capacity to implement deep cuts. Ms. Barbero worked for years as a sports coach and teacher; others who were laid off included a town hall official in charge solely of keeping track that local children don't miss too much school.
"We want to partner with them in a realistic way," he said. "We need to look at accountability."
“We were cool on a personal level,” Umenyiora said by phone. “I don’t think I’m the reason he got fired. The reason is obviously the way the defense played. Somebody had to be held accountable for that and he was the one they could pin that on.
"I started playing at Harding when I was a kid," said Markey, who was raised in San Francisco. "I bought a monthly card and it came out to be a quarter a round for a junior golfer. I lived in the City so that's why I played Harding. My parents would drop me off and I'd played for five hours and they would return to pick me up."
Contention over the plan led members of the school advisory board to vote down six new high schools. That decision was reversed by the state in an unprecedented rebuke to the board’s authority, leaving local officials blaming each other for the confusion and causing division on the board.
Some lanes of Interstate 255 on the bridge may be closed at times while the repairs are under way.
PHOENIX -- The decision to lift starting pitcher Lance Lynn after 91 pitches had serious, unintended consequences when the Arizona Diamondbacks reached relievers J.C. Romero and Fernando Salas for six sixth-inning runs.
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: St. Charles Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. June 8, Bogey Hills Country Club, 1120 Country Club Road, St. Charles. For more information, contact Nichole Olea at 636-751-1135.
For the second time, that bill was held hostage and died when the tax credit bill died. Retired investment banker Rex Sinquefield is bankrolling the local control petition drive.
Thornburg said McGrath apparently saw a "pattern" of behavior by the railroad. She said McGrath appeared to give the railroad's attorneys a chance to explain, which could have satisfied the need for a "show cause" hearing.
Clohessy received a subpoena in October at his St. Louis home, where he works, regarding the case John Doe B.P. v. the Rev. Michael Tierney and the Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph.
A retired NASA investigator said it was either lost in the bureaucracy or stolen to sell for millions of dollars.
As the Obama administration and Congress work to fashion a new financial rule book to replace the "too big to fail" model used by the government in the financial crisis, various regulators have been staking claims.
For most of 2006, Hunter traveled with Edwards for months to meetings across the country, as well as on an overseas trip to Africa.
øRamires ran onto a long through ball from Frank Lampard to send an impressive lob over Victor Valdes to calm Chelsea's nerves and boost the visitors morale as they headed back into the dressing room.
"There are serious legal issues that arose right from the beginning in this case," said Mr. Gottlieb, who cited a court order to turn over records of private conversations he had with his client, an order he said violated the law.
“It allowed us to stay under the 4 percent cap without totally eviscerating municipal staff and services,” Dugan said at a township committee meeting Tuesday night.
A: All other factors being equal, dry air weighs more.
Police believe Noga was killed after beginning the 15-minute walk from the Rag Shop to her apartment in the Skytop Gardens complex off Ernston Road, where she lived with her father and stepmother.
Chaillé smiles, then waves his feet out from under the table.
After it was over, Pitino set aside all the talk about how much these programs hate each other.
2004: 13-12
Lombardi is showing at the Circle In The Square Theatre at 235 West 50th St. For information visit lombardibroadway.com or call Telecharge at (212) 239-6200. You can take your chances for last-minute discounted tickets at the TKTS Times Square booth, but be prepared to wait in line.
Right now, Santorum is appealing to a lot of people who see him as more genuine than Romney, more of a straight arrow than Newt Gingrich -- just a regular guy who believes in faith and family. Will they still love him when they discover he's as full of fevered ideas as kooky old Pat Robertson?
Will the next Accord be a Civic or a CR-V? We'll find out this fall. Honda's Martin says he's confident the 2013 Accord will put Honda "back into a segment leadership position in many areas."
Both teams failed to score on the first three possessions in overtime, but after Aldridge couldn't handle an entry pass from Marcus Camby, the Thunder scored on a fast break when James Harden converted a layup while being fouled. He made the free throw with 2:45 left and Oklahoma City never looked back.
The Ron Paul Revolution sweeps through San Diego today.
A bond measure would ask voters to raise their property taxes to take on new debt for long-term capital projects and improvements
Tim Hamm of Blazing Meadow Farm in North Jackson said Ohio's thoroughbred tracks, which include Beulah Park and River Downs, should team up to put together a yearly schedule that does not have overlapping live racing programs.
While Gruber delivers the text, Sanderling and the orchestra will be occupied some of the time with a battery of toy instruments, from whirly tube to Swanee whistle, kazoo to bird warbler. "Paper bags will be blown up and burst,'' Gruber said. "It is not easy for the orchestra to remain poker-faced through all of this.''
Pizzo senses trepidation, too, from prospective bosses, who may be leery of his wartime experience. "I think they're probably concerned, or at least it's in the back of people's minds, that I won't be able operate in their landscape, maybe because of things I've seen."
Washington College President Mitchell Reiss was visiting London for a debate on terrorism when he heard Maher's story of entering and ultimately leaving Hizb ut-Tahrir. It was a tale Reiss wanted his students to hear.
The legislation would allow the government to relay cyber threat information to a company to prevent attacks from Russia or China. In the private sector, corporations could alert the government and provide data that could stop an attack intended to disrupt the country's water supply or take down the banking system.
"They have the freshest, best-quality fish," he says.
While there may be an oversaturated retail market, that hasn't stopped companies from opening new locations.
He said that in the scope of the $29.4 billion state budget, the extra money for snow removal might not seem significant.
Not all is lost, wildlife biologists say. There still will be pockets of good hunting, especially in areas that received timely rains. But overall, the outlook is much more discouraging than it was at this time last year.
Repps Hudson is a St. Louis writer.
One of the vehicles involved in the crash, which was on the overpass, caught fire, according to Tualatin Valley Fire & Rescue. Firefighters extinguished the blaze and have since cleared the scene.
The projects are part of a statewide effort to upgrade highway rest stops. Ohio set aside $9.5 million to upgrade 44 of 'em over a two-year period.
The upgrade will also include more than 2,000 households passed by Wi-Fi Network fiber cables last year.
"We are doing everything we can to entice them to come and play," he said.
We endlessly debate the morality of our Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Yet nobody argues over the virtue of the war on drugs, fought on our behalf and partly at our expense — we spend nearly $500 million a year on it outside our borders.
In August, citing doubt about Diallo's credibility, the Manhattan district attorney's office moved to dismiss the criminal sexual assault case. By then, Diallo had filed her civil suit.
Their next-best quarterback sat on the bench a few feet away wearing the same team-issued T-shirt and a dazed and dejected expression, with his arm in a sling to protect a broken collarbone.
Per serving: 190 calories, 2 g protein, 21 g carbohydrate, 11 g fat (7 g saturated), 36 mg cholesterol, 141 mg sodium, 3 g fiber.
TUESDAY, APRIL 19
Kamran Memon, an Illinois lawyer, has taken a different approach, founding Muslims for A Safe America, which challenges fellow Muslims to learn more about national security. The debates and talks he leads at mosques throughout the Chicago area start from the position that Muslims were behind the attacks.
To that end, over the course of 90 minutes, Martin and friends employed lights and lasers, confetti and balloons, thousands of illuminating wristbands, a lot of sweat and 90-minutes of music that has made them one of the world's biggest bands. Which is to say anthemic arena sing-alongs. Coldplay writes ear-worming "whoa-oh-oh-oh-oah-ohs" as naturally as the rest of us write our names.
"Men respect women who have standards."
Wells Fargo spokesman Oscar Suris said the company did its best to accommodate as many shareholders as possible.
Without a full complement of staff, council could not offer the transparency it does, with meetings live-streamed and pending legislation posted online, Miller said. And council would have to rely too heavily on FitzGerald's staff, becoming a proverbial rubber stamp.
Fitzgerald said Maynards probably has a buyer in mind for at least some of the equipment.
That leaves West Side Ald. Jason Ervin (28th) feeling left out.
"It's not an indiscretion," Adams said. "It's a violation of the law."
"We Take Care of Our Own"
Those scheduled tax hikes and spending cuts represent a "fiscal cliff," MacGuineas said, and if Washington goes over it, the country will likely fall into recession immediately. Ideally, lawmakers and the Obama administration will replace those abrupt changes with a plan that gradually but steadily shrinks the deficit and stops the debt from growing faster than the economy. What's more likely, though, is that they'll punt the issue to the next Congress and the president who begins his term in January. That's all the more reason to have Obama and Romney give voters a much clearer picture of what they would do to close the yawning federal budget gap.
Wainscoting in a dining room, or dramatic, crisp crown and baseboard molding add an instant sense of luxury.
Engler, a stockbroker, said there were "several ways to achieve your objectives" other than setting up an investment board.
3393, Philip J. Crock, Salem, 3:14:14.
"Asthma drugs can be very expensive," says Dr. Eric Kleerup, clinical professor of medicine and an asthma specialist at UCLA Medical Center. "People with insurance struggle with them, people without insurance have a horrible time and the risk of hospitalization increases if you don't take meds."
Penske goes into today's season opener with three cars in the first five as Helio Castroneves, who hit the wall in the second qualifying session, surprisingly got back on track with three minutes remaining in the session to turn the fifth-best qualifying lap.
This will be the first game in almost a half-century - 46 years, to be exact - that Paterno is not leading the Nittany Lions. Tom Bradley, Paterno's lead assistant on the field for the past 11 years, is serving as interim coach.
"Set him loose. That'll get us going," someone said.
"We have hope that our son will grow and his language will re-emerge and his motor skills will re-emerge and we'll have another little boy playing on our block," Joanna Kerner said. "Now there's hope. We finally got our wish."
In addition, MetroHealth plans to open another Express Care at its Beachwood Health Center in early 2012 and yet another at its new Middleburg Heights center, which breaks ground next year.
Ultimately, she died on the floor of a Richmond Heights jail cell. An autopsy revealed she had blood clots in her legs that had lodged in her lungs.
Eureka: Joshua Herrick and Lindsey Smith.
Consumer advocates say, however, the new rules don't completely solve the problem.
Some saw her 1992 marriage to Brown as an attempt to refute those critics. It seemed to be an odd union; she was seen as pop’s pure princess while he had a bad-boy image, and already had children of his own. The couple had one daughter, Bobbi Kristina, in 1993. Over the years, he would be arrested several times, on charges ranging from drunken driving to failure to pay child support.
When police walked into the Ruggieri family home — expecting to find an assailant — they found Ruggieri’s bullet-ridden body. There were no family members at home at the time of the killing.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Union County’s CrimeStoppers at (908) 654-8477.
So his professional and parental advice is road-tested.
The police union, on Hobbs' behalf, filed a grievance Feb. 5, 2007, contending the bureau's second proposed 7 1/2-week suspension without pay for Hobbs' 2005 behavior was too severe. The union argued it was disproportionate to Hobbs' offense, "out of keeping with the standards of discipline in the bureau" and in violation of progressive discipline principles. The union also noted that Hobbs and Torgerson's intimate relationship had ended by 2005.
Commissioner Goodell concluded, as he did with the Saints' non-player employees, that it was appropriate to focus on those individuals who had a higher degree of responsibility and whose conduct warranted special attention. While a significant number of players participated in the pay-for-performance program, whether by contributing funds to the pool or collecting cash rewards, the players disciplined participated at a different and more significant level, Commissioner Goodell noted.
In late 2010, the fund dumped Merrill as its adviser and hired Wilshire Associates. The fund has moved most of its assets into less risky bonds, which carry lower returns. It now has $256 million to cover $1 billion in liabilities over the next 20 or so years. Officials estimate it could run out of money by 2014.
Kenya's government says the military incursion into Somalia was a reaction to the threat posed by al-Shabab whom it blamed for a wave of attacks and kidnappings on Kenyan soil.
He couldn't say where they might go, simply stating: "We have to enforce what is in front of us."
In 2007, a woman filed for a harassment injunction against Jones.
For some reason, sports adages seem to regard pain as a good thing - "Play through the pain," or
Cleanup crews are finding more World War I era munitions in the sand of Surf City beaches.
The Vikings' absurdities were demonstrated mostly in comments from the Wilfs, Zygi and Mark, and we can't be sure if this was actual delusion by the owners, or simply an attempt to put lipstick on a pig.
"It was very emotional," said Harland, who lives in Rancho Peñasquitos with her husband, Neil, Charlotte (now 22), 19-year-old Daniel and the family's two rescue dogs. "When we start the survivors' kickoff, we always say, ‘Look behind you. That's your hope.' This is a way for me to give back that same experience. It's very addictive. You get hooked on it."
Atwell will create a cocktail menu of infusions that will be in single servings or as shared drinks.
Disturbance. 8:09 p.m. Friday. 28000 block of Marguerite Parkway. The caller reported six or seven gang members hanging out by the stairs between buildings.
Levy used to collect vintage lunchboxes until the joy of the hunt was killed by the ease of eBay. While he says that younger generations seem to care less about physical objects, he predicts a growing "retro mystique" around collecting. "Fundamentally, collecting is a commitment to something, and that's powerful," he says.
July - West Valley Child Crisis Center
Toben also made the first mention of a sex tape depicting Edwards and his mistress in front of jurors during another part of testimony.
Officially named RU-27, Scarlet Knight is the first unmanned underwater glider to successfully cross the Atlantic Ocean. It was launched in April and completed its international mission tracking climate change last month.
A I think lots of people are surprised it isn't utilized more in musical theater -- I know I am. Even Sondheim said as much in his latest book. It's a musical form tailor-made for storytelling.
"It was just a bad throw," Kennedy said. "I just didn't set my feet. Thankfully, he didn't touch first base."
Ambience: 1 1/2 stars (dated)
Krauss reminds us that we exist in an indifferent universe and that thinking we are at all important in the overall cosmological scheme of things constitutes pure hubris.
Mandatory evacuations in Cape May County, the state's southernmost region, were to begin at 8 a.m.
75 - Boyd gestures in frustration as Alexander sends him a ball in the wrong direction
The defense looked quicker (OLB Cam Collins is going to be a star), the tailback situation began to sort itself out (Ryan McCants will likely go into fall camp as Jacquizz Rodgers’ replacement) and that much-maligned offensive line quietly went about the business of making up for a disappointing 2010.
The three Marines were in town for the recruiting and publicity event known as Marine Week. At 2:30 a.m. Monday, they told police, two men approached them on Chestnut Street and asked whether they would buy some jewelry.
But the measure doesn't survive the practicality test. San Francisco's garbage system works fine as a regulated monopoly. So well, in fact, that its recycling and composting methods are a national model. City Hall has pushed hard to divert 78 percent of the city's waste from dumps with a goal of 100 percent by 2020. Also, in a notoriously high-cost town, the rates aren't exorbitant.
Moreover, smart growth suggests the basic questions we should be asking: Are we living too richly and squandering limited resources? Are essential elements of our daily lives too widely separated and disconnected for our own good? Are we making the best and most appropriate uses of the resources that are available, both physical and economic?
The findings of the study, conducted in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Switzerland, are in line with those of a number of comprehensive studies completed, both in failing to find a strong causal link and in turning up a few worrisome exceptions. The Interphone Study, a 10-year, $14-million study that spanned 13 countries and released its findings in May 2010, failed to find a significant link between cellphone use and cancers of the brain, parotid gland or acoustic nerve. But it did find weak evidence that the heaviest cellphone users might be at increased risk for glioma — one type of brain cancer — and declared that further study was in order.
When the gunfire stopped, Ozvie lay in a pool of his own blood, with four bullet wounds to his forearm, leg, stomach and shoulder.
"It's always fabulous when museums can utilize their collections and look at things in a new light," she said. "Then they can continue to have a life when they're in an institution and out of the context of their cultural environment."
He said that Kaptur has already represented much of Lorain County in Congress, and that she has a better campaign organization and more support from county leaders than Kucinich.
SIUC athletics director Mario Moccia said the search committee started with 800 biographies and trimmed the list to 64 before settling on 10 finalists. The 10 were interviewed, and four were invited to Carbondale for further interviews.
When you're talking kitchen cabinets, though, change can cost big bucks. "There just wasn't $15,000 in equity in this home to tap," Chapman said. Refacing still costs in the low thousands.
That lack of "operational prowess," as one fire official who arrived a few minutes later put it, allowed the fire to spread.
“We anticipate that we may have to give some additional help to the city,” Bocchini said.
All of the tunes Rzepka is connecting with on his jazz album are by a composer named Rzepka. He wrote the nine songs he performs with pianist Jackie Warren, bassist Peter Dominguez and drummer Rob Godale. As if this feat weren't enough, Rzepka is also the producer of the recording, which was made at Suma Recording Studio in Painesville.
Hey, we all know the score.
Good for you. Hope the kids were watching. For every time you laugh at some silly challenge, channel Goofy to get a giggle out of a little one or laugh at a fixable oops, you're modeling the value of humor. Beyond the big belly laugh, humor can help ease life's tiny bumps and serve as a teaching moment for children.
Richardson talked about his own foundation, as well as his special relationship with a Texas teen, Tyler Nelson, whom he met at a Make-a-Wish Foundation event three years ago. Nelson was born with cystic fibrosis, and as his friendship with Richardson grew, learned he needed liver and lung transplants.
Minnesota is one of 32 states that do not automatically look beyond their borders when conducting background checks of nursing home workers. Ten states routinely conduct FBI and statewide checks, while eight states don't require any background checks of prospective workers, according to the 2011 federal inspector general's report.
• Organizers from the Latin Grammys said Thursday that this year's awards ceremony will be Nov. 15 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. Nominations will be announced Sept. 26. For more, go to www.latingrammy.com/en.
Kenefsky: Or the next one — it happens that Feb. 5 is Super Tuesday. Jon Perr, who worked on Gary Hart’s campaign in 1984, is giving a talk on politics as theater. It’s apropos for the night.
recall at least two gaffs that lead to dangerous opportunities for SKC. Also, Perkins mis-played two high balls letting them fall to the turf, one you mention when Mosco cleared it off the line. I did love seeing the Timbers standing up for the teammates on hard fouls, particularly Chewie. Keep it up boys!
It’s why Nadal remains the only player not to lose a set in the tournament.
The council's Human Resources Committee, chaired by Councilwoman Yvonne Conwell, vets board appointments, which are made by county Executive Ed FitzGerald.
The march is being held at a late-night hour because that’s when most of the assaults occurred, said Jeffrey Carr, the group’s co-founder.
Los Angeles 5, St. Louis 2: Anze Kopitar scored two goals in the first period as the Kings took a 2-0 advantage in the series. The Kings scored four times in the first period. Game 3 is Thursday in Los Angeles.
Veterans, of all people, deserve a helping hand, said Steve Benz, HVAF's board chairman. The organization now houses about 200 of them, he said.
Miniutti cautions against giving out of guilt because a group sent you something, like stickers or magnets or baby booties.
But the increasing numbers of local athletes with the credentials to get into the Pre Classic field, only can enhance the passion the fans in attendance have for the competition.
Set in the months leading up to Fidel Castro's 1959 revolution, "Telex From Cuba" conjures a decadent, cruel, glittery tropical moment with sinewy intelligence. Kushner's erudition sits lightly on the book, melting into the story like cane sugar.
It helped immeasurably that they had their own lawyer -- something most impoverished parents whose children are removed to foster care can't afford.
They also have a legal right to transportation, if needed, to and from school, she said.
• Hammerstein Ballroom, New York. On Da Reggae Tip with Mavado, Stephen Marley, Barrington Levy, Gyptian, others, Sept. 2, $63.50. (800) 745-3000, ticketmaster.com.
Any city, even one as placid and picturesque as Alameda, must keep evolving to maintain its charm and vitality - and to stop the inevitable slide toward blight.
True to their nickname, the Blackbirds, who average nearly 82 points per game, came out flying.
"I told them that I wanted to leave to go to a smaller school, that I needed more one-on-one, smaller classes. Four hours later I got an email on the decision that it was more beneficial for me to stay in Miami, at FIU. It was puzzling. I had never met them. They didn't know me. I wanted to be near my family, a big family that I don't ever see."
Odessa at Grain Valley
I drove it out that night after I got the check. It was really exciting driving back home on the freeway with the whole brand-new car smell.
Attorney General Koster's interest in this matter," Lumpkin said, "and respectfully ask that he consider focusing his attention on the misleading and deceptive advertisements that FOX has been running in his state and FOX's use of Missouri consumers as hostages to gain leverage in our programming negotiations."
Kathy Cano-Murillo is a freelance craft designer and author. E-mail her at kathy@craftychica.com
Bringing August — and Asner — back to the new "Hawaii-Five-O" was the inspiration of executive producer Peter M. Lenkov, who had worked with Asner previously in an episode of "CSI: New York" a few years ago.
øIf someone has written something negative about you online, try to reason with the person about why you need it removed.
Start with a single spice or herb and build around it. This foundation doesn't need to dominate the mix, but it's a base. Construct your blend along the lines of a classic or create your own medley.
PUBLIC HEARING SCHEDULE
There are other benefits: While not all storefronts are filled, the ones that are can be downright eager for customers, especially now in the low season, which means a warmer welcome and (often) prices lower than up the road.
The legislation would allow municipalities to establish Blue Acres programs to compliment open space efforts.
10521 Clarendon Av, $16,000
Jack Musser, Forest Grove superintendent since 1999, said he wasn't working in the district when Iverson was hired and couldn't find any written evidence of a reference check. The case prompted the district to adopt a policy requiring potential employees to have a record of a reference check kept in their personnel files. In addition, all complaints of abuse must now be in writing.
Shurmur: "I think we wanted to make our team better and when you evaluate and grade players, of course, the bigger, stronger, faster guys get higher grades. If they have one or two of those elements then that's when you start making your decisions. We feel like we picked very fine players. We're excited about all of them. This is day three of this so lets not let our enthusiasm drop here now. We've got to keep it going for a half a round here. We feel really good about the players we added and some of the guys that we drafted have excellent speed for their positions they play."
The price of the two-year note maturing in April 2012 fell 3.125 cents to $100.4375. Its yield rose to 0.76 percent from 0.73 percent.
“I was hosting a lot of couch surfers,” says Emily Doerr, a neighborhood resident who dreamed up the hostel idea and made it a reality. “I had 100 strangers coming in and out and thought, you know what?”
Returning for his second year as master of ceremonies is West Deptford’s Dan Baker, gifted public address voice of both the Phillies and Eagles.
No. 2 singles — Sarah Brown, Fossil Ridge, def. Saryn Mooney, Arapahoe, 6-2, 6-2.
weaker-than-expected financial results.
The exact number with a pre-existing condition isn't known, but past estimates are around 10 percent of Maryland's uninsured.
"I would love to have a school team," he said. "I'm trying to get it."
Japan's Sato surprised with his third-place finish after starting back in the grid because of an engine change. He also overcame a drive-thru penalty on lap 12, using a three-stop strategy and being aggressive on restarts to move to the front.
Behind a curtain of silvery beads strung across the entrance of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art for Wednesday's Modern Ball, the atrium shimmered in lavender. Although what-to-wear instructions consisted of "Dress up!" and interpretations of that ranged from tiara wear to tennis shoes, abracadabra! the lavender atrium lights, then blue in the dinner tent, did the job of turning the array of guests at the three events - Gala Dinner, Supper Club and Post-Modern Party - into a community.
Landing halfway between “High School Musical” and the Lonely Island — the “Saturday Night Live” trio responsible for “Lazy Sunday” and “D - - k in a Box” — the musical is a breezy hoot expertly delivered by the dedicated, energized ensemble.
Wolfenbarger, who faces an assault charge for an altercation outside the courtroom during a break in King's trial in February, also spoke during the sentencing. He said Lily was his best friend.
Cars get better mileage-per-gallon than ever. Thanks to that, and to an economy that has had many of us driving less, Americans use less fuel. Meantime, exploration and drilling that started before Obama took office has led to gains in production. Obama is continuing the push for efficiency and it should pay off.
But he wasn’t long for Ravens talk. It was always back to the Orioles and how far they have fallen.
The cost of the seminar is $12 for AARP members and $14 for non-members. Payment by cash or check can be made the morning of the meeting.
Jersey Central Power & Light is reporting sporadic power outages throughout the state, with between 2,000 and 6,000 customers without electricity in Monmouth and Burlington counties, according to the company's web site. Freehold appears to be the hardest hit with at least 2,000 without power as of 6 p.m.
Today: Mets' Chris Schwinden (season debut) at Rockies' Drew Pomeranz (0-1, 6.75), 6:40 p.m., Root
Alpine Meadows will unveil a first-of-its-kind youth lift safety system in North America. Children who board the Subway and Meadow chair lifts will don a vest that contains a magnet, which holds the child securely to a seat back that also features a magnet. At the top, the vest automatically deactivates so the child can hop off the lift.
"When cars go by at the speeds they're going on a city street, it's shocking," he says in explaining the allure to the uninitiated. "But in kind of a cool way. I know it got my heart rate going."
Columbus -- The prospect of a suspension lasting through as many as the first five games of the 2011 regular season certainly changed the discussion about the NFL futures of the Ohio State juniors.
Both Visa and MasterCard were skittish about saying why the attacks hobbled their sites more than PayPal and Amazon, or what they are doing now to prevent such a disruption from occurring again.
68: Now its Perlaza with the break away. Sutton comes out and Perlaza kicks it by him. The shot is off line, but sliding New York defender Stephen Keel kicks it right into the goal. Keel is a former Timber and he just helped his old team out with that one. Timbers 3, Red Bulls 1.
A: The Peace Bridge between Buffalo, N.Y., and Ft. Erie, Ontario, was built in the 1920s by a private company, but that company went into bankruptcy during the Depression, and a public authority took over. That's one scenario why most border crossings today are in public hands. Another reason is that the customs and border security functions require a level of government involvement that the public demands should be in public, not private, hands.
In speaking of the roster in general, Antonetti said, “The situation is still fluid.”
Bruno was born and raised in Echo Park. He attended college at Cal State L.A. and Cal State Long Beach before signing with the Denver Broncos of the National Football League, but an injury prevented him from playing. He later became a police officer in Burbank.
"You take it seriously but don't take it overly seriously," he said. "You can't beat yourself up. Last time, I did. It was my first time, and I wanted to do it right. This year, I did my homework, did what I thought is right. It's a great team <U+0096> I'm happy with the guys I selected."
Unassisted Triple Play by Wambsganss and Home Runs by Bagby and Smith Feature Triumph of Cleveland Clan; World Championship Hopes of Indians Now at Fever Heat as Result of Third Victory
Stern: We've had players depart franchises from time immemorial. I remember there was this other large person, now a television commentator, that once left. And I think that I saw Orlando blossom and thrive and build a new arena. So I think this is not a life-threatening event when players move. It depends upon who replaces them and how the community rallies around them.
Shorebird notables included dozens of marbled godwit, American avocet and both species of dowitchers. Raptors included two merlins and many Northern harriers.
Cooking in bulk is a sound strategy when you're preparing whole grains. Cooked brown rice or barley can be refrigerated up to a week or frozen for six months, according to food safety experts. Quinoa cooks more quickly than other whole grains, but it requires thorough, time-consuming rinsing. Refrigerate plain cooked quinoa up to four days; freeze it several months.
Long a highlighted staple of news media attention, the investigation went out of sight with the charging last month of Joseph Gentz on counts of murder and conspiracy in the January strangulation of Jane Bashara, a Grosse Pointe Park marketing executive. Gentz, now being held without bond, told investigators that he killed Jane Bashara at her husband's behest. Bob Bashara has said that he had no role in his wife's slaying.
1491, Rachel L. Gans, Portland, 3:30:51.
When Cabrera left, Jason Donald moved from second to short. In the fourth, he hit a leadoff homer. It's the first time, according to Elias, that a big league team has received two homers from two shortstops in the same game since Ramon Martinez and Alex Gonzalez homered for the Cubs in a 5-4 victory over the Rockies on May 4, 2003.
UConn
Hitchcock, 60, was born and raised in Sherwood Park and Sutter estimated that it was about 80 miles from Viking. The two have been coaching against each other in the NHL since Sutter was in San Jose and Hitchcock in Dallas. Well before that, Hitchcock first remembered watching Sutter play in Sutter's junior hockey days. Sutter is seven years younger.
"For a lot of these kids, it's humbling," said Erin Pitney, Meadow Park math teacher.
Earlier this year, Turkey scuttled a plan to include an Israeli warship in a NATO-run flotilla patrolling the Mediterranean.
"It doesn’t take a whole bunch of tickets," she said. "Just one or two."
Here's a question for all you armchair secretaries of State: What would you do if a blind Chinese dissident escapes house arrest and shows up at the American embassy in Beijing?
The automaker finished the year with $34.3 billion in debt, up $7.4 billion from Sept. 30. The company took on $7 billion in debt it owes a retiree health care trust fund run by the United Auto Workers union. It puts Ford at a disadvantage to GM and Chrysler Group, which were able to shed debt in bankruptcy court.
A 22-foot-high high, 500-foot-long halfpipe co-designed by snowboarder Shaun White was opened to the public last week at Northstar California, one of Vail Resorts Inc.'s properties formerly called Northstar-at-Tahoe.
Milpitas High PTSA would like to say thanks to Safeway for their continuing support of the Escrip program. Every time parents and MHS friends, who are registered with Escrip, shop and swipe their Safeway Club Card, Safeway contributes a portion of your purchases to the PTSA.
His challenger McNerney lost to Pombo two years ago, and faces an uphill fight in a district designed to pool Republican voters in a Democratic state. But even within his own party, Pombo is proving an embarrassment. He should be retired.
Associated Press Writers Kevin McGill in New Orleans, Pete Yost in Washington, Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles and Ben Nuckols in Baltimore contributed to this report.
In the Magic's 90-78 loss to the Heat last week, Howard finished with 12 points. You're Dwight Howard; you can't get worked over by Joel Anthony.
Our self-esteem comes by association.
The biggest changes still remain at the top.
The PSD needs to fund School Improvement Programs for 2012-2013 in a timely manner. If they don't, our PTO's may have to make some difficult decisions and some of our PTO's do not have enough money to cover the School Improvements Programs plus their regular budget items. Since each PTO has a different amount of money to cover the SIP items, will this leave an inequality in education for our schools? Will the quality of our schools be based on which PTO has the most money?
øMy husband and I restored an old three-story mansion and turned it into a small fine dining facility. We serve lunch, afternoon tea and dinner. We also have delicate china and crystal curios for sale on all three floors.
Ms. Ashby has a long history of making deals—and big profits.
Local news reports indicated about 225 people attended, some of whom grilled Renacci about his campaign pledge to overturn the health care reform bill that Congress adopted last year.
-- A second-shift welder who likes paintball. When asked if he had been influenced by news coverage of the case, he replied, "I don't really pay attention to the news that much."
"I believe that one more fighting season and we can get this thing pretty well wrapped up," McCain said.
In the midst of that case, Clayborn was the target of a female stalker on the streets of Iowa City and at Kinnick Stadium for several months. Brittney Mears eventually was sentenced to 30 days in jail and ordered not to make contact with Clayborn for five years.
"I was just trying to take everything in," he said. "I'm not an artist a poet or a writer, so I can't put it in words as well as some others might be able to. But it was like ending something you never want to see the finish of."
Once again, human error has cost Pacific Gas and Electric Co. millions of dollars.
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said he supported the agreement even though cuts didn't go as far as he would have liked.
The length of time a wine is aged in oak barrels depends on the style of wine the winemaker wants to create. In the regions of Bordeaux and Burgundy, it can be anywhere between 12 and 18 months, while in Spain, it can be more than two years. A lot depends on the grape variety. Those that produce more powerful wines benefit from the wood, while more delicate wines don't. However, it is important to note that a wine that imparts strong oak characteristics may not necessarily have been aged in oak. It could have been flavored by the use of oak chips, which are submerged into a stainless-steel vat. This method is mainly used to alleviate cost.
Henry also said that Express Scripts plans to continue growing its specialty drug business. Specialty drugs, which include biologic compounds, are expected to be a booming industry in the next few years, which could increase competition in that market. Medco and Express Scripts both have large specialty drug operations.
Some of his hobbies were cars, baseball, paint ball and skating, his sister said.
"Jimi was an amazing man who, apart from being a wonderful success story for Leeds due to his business acumen, was also remarkably selfless and generous, giving millions to local charities to help people in his home city," said Tom Riordan, the chief executive of Leeds City Council.
Their names have not been released because of their ages.
One constant for River Hill has been defense, led by senior linebackers Riley Davis, Emmett Brew, Ryan Higgins, and linemen Alec Rau and Jason Johnson. The Hawks have allowed only 80 points this season (7.3 per game), and since the loss to Hammond, they've outscored opponents 278-33 with four shutouts.
LaMarcus Aldridge led the Blazers with 22 points, but the Portland offense stagnated in the fourth quarter and overtime as a six-point lead at the end of the third quarter evaporated.
in federal court to 10 years in prison for his role in a plot to kill a witness.
Still, my thinking here is beyond partisan politics or loyalty to the people who employ me. I'm trying to think about what's best for the state. If we drop Truman's birthday and then decide to add a holiday later, what should it be?
Also under consideration is Munson attorney John Eklund.
Their work for Jewish Family & Children's Service, funded through the state's behavioral-health system, is to ensure Yvette and about 150 other foster kids become self-sufficient and stable before they turn 21 and lose most of the public support available to them, including health insurance.
Tough luck.
The agent for Gold Glove catcher Yadier Molina and officials with the Cardinals remained "optimistic" or "hopeful" that the final language of an extension can be completed. General manager John Mozeliak and chairman Bill DeWitt Jr. both used the word "optimistic" when asked about completing a deal, and the agent for Molina, Melvin Roman, said his side was "hopeful" when asked Wednesday.
"It's just going to be a different style of play," Horne said. "It was almost American League ball last year, if you want to put it in that perspective. We had some guys in the middle of the lineup that could really bang the ball out of the park. This year, at least of right now, we have not proven that we can do that.
The circulation of the lists has exposed consumers to frauds ranging from high-pressure coin deals to the $194 million Ponzi scheme run by Trevor Cook, a former coin salesman.
"One or how about zero," wrote a respondent.
"We just did not have in place the team with the creativity and imagination to execute it," Jones said.
About 274 buildings in north Minneapolis sustained major damage, meaning walls or roofs were destroyed. Another 1,608 had minor damage, where a property could be made habitable quickly, while 1,831 had minimal damage allowing people to remain without repairs.
The shooter's name is J.T. Ready, who is a neo-nazi, Tea Party type currently running for Sheriff of Pinal County, Arizona. He's involved in those Minuteman border patrol morons, and is mentored by Russell Pearce (R-Mesa), who was successfully recalled in November.
Ultimately, the park and recreation committee voted to test the garden at Orme for a year. But Lewis said she could not urge the City Council to approve another temporary location because getting the garden off the ground takes so much work.
323 Weber Dr, $55,440
"I thought it was going to happen," said Riggins. "I really believed in myself.
The president's visit came within months of riots triggered by the accidental burning of the Quran at a U.S. military base. Also, a U.S. soldier is to stand trial for the shooting deaths of 17 Afghan civilians.
Earlier this month, the state approved a new series of tax incentives to help fund the expansion. Timken said it needed a new labor deal, incentives and supply commitments from customers to make the deal work.
Game four of the series will start 30 minutes after the end of the suspended game.
Ra Ra Riot, 9 p.m. March 15, $15.
He and several members of his group met with SOS to get advice on how to proceed. His group also met with MoDOT officials, who he said are working on a plan.
Someone held a sign at the Rose Garden on Tuesday: "The Suns were soooo last year."
* Gift Ideas:Since these loving pups like to do everything together, Spencer should get Angela this romantic Lazybonezz double feeding dish ($79 at 114 W. 26th St.; lazybonezz.com).
The trooper then chased Nicholson for more than 100 yards, Moore wrote in an e-mail Wednesday afternoon, and was able to apprehend him near Courtland Hardware at Bond and Pennsylvania avenues. Nicholson allegedly fled because his license was revoked, Moore said.
Hillis' 2011 season was mired by a contract dispute, illness and injury. He missed one game with strep throat and a severe fever, and five full games and part of another with a significant hamstring injury.
Counseling was offered, and students were encouraged to write letters to Parker "to keep her spirits up."
øThe disconnect doesn't end there. There's disagreement among safety experts over whether there even is a distracted-driving crisis and just who should have to solve it - the auto or cellphone industry. As car- and phonemakers work together to reduce distractions by better linking mobile devices with cars, some safety advocates and federal officials say that's also too risky.
Minor also says the orchestra will rename the lead violinist's chair after the 18-year-old.
Sentencing for Shahzad was set for Oct. 5.
So, during the past few months, Gardelle has eased out the popular Clementine dishes and transformed the menu. In the process, he has upped his game, particularly in presentation.
Something we fear we'll never know.
n"<U+0082>Regional officials will allow NUMMI to buy electricity from a lower-cost provider, yet still use PG&E transmission lines.
Le Empanada: Specialty empanadas, seasonal soups and salads; 325 S. Orlando Ave., Winter Park; Facebook, laempanadatruck.com under construction and @laempanadatruck on Twitter
"One of the things that makes me interested in a product is it has to be a product that the whole world can use," he said. "I tend to get excited about products that are self-distributing in some way. ... If you're dependent on a traditional sales model, to me it's just too slow."
If you unwrapped a sleek laptop or flat screen TV during the holidays, think twice about tossing to the curb the clunky computer monitor or television it's replacing.
“It's a real honor,” said Newcomer, of participating in the opening ceremony for the market's new season. “It's a time to reminisce about last year. It's been exactly one year (since I joined the Miss Farmington pageant).”
The Democrats' slimmer majority of seats in the Senate pre sages a harder challenge when that chamber takes up the measure in coming weeks.
Gas from a leaking Aldyl-A distribution line filled a Cupertino condominium Aug. 31 and exploded just minutes after the owner left for lunch. No one was hurt, but the condominium was destroyed.
His family also wants a special prosecutor to review the handling of the case by the Chicago Police Department and the Cook County state's attorney's office, which decided not to prosecute, calling it self-defense.
Earhart and Noonan next headed to tiny Howland Island, but they never reached their destination. After the pair vanished, President Franklin Roosevelt sent nine Navy ships and 66 aircraft to search; the cost was more than $4 million. No trace was found.
Later inhabitants noted a peculiar energy attributed to a combination of wind, 8,000-foot altitude and an enormous aquifer beneath the highest high desert outside of Tibet. Some went further, claiming hidden UFO bases and mysterious portals where aliens enter and exit our world. All the while, the largest alpine valley on Earth became a magnet for eccentrics, dreamers and seekers.
They also announced the lifting of a public health emergency in the area and said they were working to streamline city rules to help victims rebuild.
sewers.
Obikà has the sleek contemporary looks of a caffè in any big Italian city — except where the brioche and pastries would usually be displayed at the bar, balls of bufala mozzarella bob in their milky liquid. Bufala, smoked mozzarella and burrata and lovely fresh ricotta are flown in from Italy three times a week. By the time you order, the cheeses are, on average, 48 hours old. That's fresh for us, though it would not necessarily seem so to Neapolitans or to residents of the Campania region.
BROOKLYN -- Tonight's council meeting at 7 p.m. will be two council members short.
For example, the life-size Texaco gas station circa 1960 had been just a standing artifact in 1987. Visitors could look into the station's office window.
3. Lee Carter, River Hill junior
Diehl no longer needs intensive treatment and now visits the Independence Center's "clubhouse" twice a week for lunch and conversation. "People have told me I'm so calm now compared to how I have been in the past," she said.
as 2.5 percent a year to cover the cost of upgrades. Voss contrasted the jobs created by the Illinois investments with Ameren's recent job cuts in Missouri:
“Ultimately, if we are unable to find Kyron, this could turn into a cold case,” Staton acknowledged. “At some point I’m going to have to make a final decision that this has got to move in a different direction. But right now the way I’ve got it set up, and the way I’ve been working with investigators and the FBI, the other agencies, we will downscale appropriately based on their availability (and) the funding sources.”
When Verrilli said that Arizona's immigration law could raise foreign-policy concerns, especially with Mexico, Scalia said, “So we have to enforce our laws in a manner that will please Mexico. Is that what you're saying?”
Hill tried to counter Holiday's layup by shooting a 3-pointer. Philadelphia guard Lou Williams ended up with the rebound, and while on the ground, passed it ahead to Holiday for an easy dunk to make it 109-106.
“Parma Heights is, and has always been, a small-town oasis in a convenient, central location,” Byrne said. “My goal is to continue to build on and develop these strengths.”
"No," I say without hesitation.
“Every game is big,” Starr said. “Tuesday games. Weekday games. Any game is big, especially in this conference when you have one of the best conferences in the nation.”
<U+0093>I'm used to training in a little cooler weather, so this is actually an improvement for me,<U+0094> said Whiting, who grew up in Pennsylvania. <U+0093>I'm in a heavy-lifting phase right now so I didn't expect too much. I am really happy with what I did today."
Source: U.S. Census report
Ritter's signature on the Secure Communities agreement would come after months of negotiations with federal officials in an attempt to get special conditions for Colorado.
In time, to your friends, you will appear to have recovered from your loss. All that really happened, you'll think, is that the hole in the center of your life has narrowed just enough to be concealed by a laugh. And yet, you might feel a pressure for it to be true. You might feel that "enough" time has passed now, that the hole at the center of you should not be there at all.
Elsewhere, the Franklin Township Board of Education voted last week to send to the state commissioner of education a consolidation plan encompassing its own elementary district, the (one-school) Elk Township elementary district and the Delsea Regional district, which receives secondary students from both towns. Franklin wants the commissioner to OK a voter referendum on its plans, perhaps in December.
In short, no. The Republican contest will go on, regardless of the primary and caucus results. Next Tuesday, for example, Gingrich and Santorum are expected to go head-to-head in the Alabama and Mississippi primaries, where Romney’s a likely loser.
NJ Transit has released its latest customer satisfaction survey, the third since it launched the program early last year, and the results are consistent with the first two: riders feel that the level of service is just barely acceptable.
James shot 48% from the field in the series, Anthony shot 42%. James averaged 6.2 rebounds and 5.6 assists, Anthony averaged 8.2 rebounds and 2.2 assists.
Chronister did not now what prompted the officers to fire their weapons.
The pinata break was one of several activities on Saturday underneath a tent and on the grounds of the James J. Eagan Center. Hispanic puppet shows, food, musical acts and dancing were part of the day's presentations.
A. Actually, I think there's something good in doing the same kind of roles. If you have a strength, you're probably better off to do that than try to do something else you're no good at. Some people are lucky to find their field. What I'm doing is what I love. I love action movies. I grew up on them.
Heisler explained that Lakewood police were searching for Crockam for an outstanding warrant for possessing illegal weapons, though the prosecution did not tell jurors what the charges were, as per Daniels’ ruling.
The report also said PG&E had violated a state order when it recorded over a video taken in its Brentwood gas center control room the night of the disaster.
Firefighters were able to keep the fire contained to the bedroom.
Birthplace of Singapore slings
A celebration of life will be at noon, March 9, at Fuiten, Rose and Hoyt Funeral Home, 2308 Pacific Ave., in Forest Grove, with the Rev. Kevin Donley, pastor of the Hillsboro Church of the Nazarene, officiating. Concluding Rites and Interment will follow at Skyline Memorial Gardens, 4101 N.W. Skyline Blvd., in Portand.
Notre Dame's zone forced Baylor to work hard for its shots. Novosel did her best to front Griner in the low post. But it was all too much, especially when the Irish made just 4-of-15 in the first 9:44 as the Lady Bears opened their first 10-point lead, 20-10.
øSheikh's hope rests on Alpha: Alpha went to the track for the first time Tuesday morning, stretching his legs with a gallop over the Churchill dirt.
26,908: Dollars per point
The UO women, top-ranked since before the indoor season, plummeted from first to fifth. Oregon men's team dropped from No. 13 to No. 22.
3. Indianapolis ... 74 ... 16 ... 21.6%
Rampart 71, Air Academy 59
The federal government and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey have each committed $3 billion to the project, with the state having committed the remaining $2.7 billion under former Gov. Jon Corzine. Critics of Christie’s freeze say it risks the loss of $3 billion in federal transit funds, an argument Christie rejected.
Lake Mary Prep standout RB/DB Ray Lewis III probably could have made this decision in his sleep, perhaps even years ago, sans the formalities and all of the hoopla.
My wife, Susan, is 5-2 (and a quarter) and weighs about 125 pounds. That 70-pound Ocean is 55% of her weight, so she's happy with her Hurricane Santee 116 that weighs 40 pounds ready to drop in the water.
The five-time defending NL East champion Phillies, playing without injured All-Stars Ryan Howard and Chase Utley, have scored two runs or less in 12 of 22 games this season.
"That was the fewest touches anybody scored on me all day," Zagunis said. "I wish I could have had that energy earlier in the day. Sometimes it doesn't happen. It's hard to put yourself in the zone on purpose."
The grandmother of a 4-year-old girl who became hysterical during a security screening at a Kansas airport said Wednesday that the child was forced to undergo a pat-down after hugging her, with security agents yelling and calling the crying girl an uncooperative suspect.
Also ask if you need a smaller, stiffer racquet or a different grip size.
The Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego in La Jolla
Tabbachino is to return to the stand Monday.
If his former hometown team picks him, it "would be like a cherry on top. I'd get to go home and see my family and friends." If not, he said, "Just having the opportunity to play baseball is a blessing in itself. I don't know how I could be disappointed, no matter where I end up."
Zepeda and Velazquez are being held without bail and the other co-defendants are being held in lieu of $2 million bail at the Orange County Jail.
522 Hern Av, $34,000
So there is a chance?
Equally important, "People in our communities know what we stand for," he said.
Despite expanding to eight restaurants by 1951, the company remained small, with Grant still running it out of his apartment at the time of his death in 1987.
The customs office has discovered 35 smuggling attempts since August of about 17,450 capsules disguised as stamina boosters, and some people believe them to be a panacea for disease, the customs service said in a statement. The capsules of human flesh, however, contained bacteria and other harmful ingredients.
That's because foods such as chile peppers and hot sauces can do way more than simply add mouth-searing heat. Adding just a touch will heighten the other flavors of a dish without adding noticeable spiciness.
"It will give locals and out-of-town guests a compelling reason to visit the resort," Disneyland spokeswoman Suzi Brown said of the new attraction, part of a $1 billion expansion to the California Adventure Park that is expected to be completed in 2012.
But those groups, along with the families of Hagedorn patients, say their biggest concern is for the well-being of the approximately 285 people who would be discharged to community-supported living arrangements or transferred to larger and less senior-specific hospitals: the 600-bed Ancora Psychiatric Hospital in Hammonton, the 500-bed Trenton Psychiatric Hospital, and the 450-bed Greystone Park in Morris Plains. The 200-bed Ann Klein Forensic Center in West Trenton is a hospital for prisoners.
"He's actually a bit shy and isn't particularly fond of being in front of large crowds or cameras. But that preoccupation with the issues and internal revulsion toward personality politics is exactly what makes him so popular."
Jose Andrade, 21, was among a handful of people waiting for the bus on Friday. Two years ago, he came to the United States "to survive," he said, but he could not find work. So with his belongings stuffed into two large bags and a bottle of water tucked in his jeans, he boarded the bus.
The class itself comes in four flavors: endurance, hills, intervals, and speed. As it happens, I showed up for what I suspect is the most challenging: hills. But at least I could take comfort knowing cyclists at every other Life Time club in the U.S. were riding the same course that day.
The Chicago native, who became an all-American for Arkansas, made his Drake debut in 2010. He won that year<U+0092>s race in 20.20, then apologized for not giving spectators a record-setting performance.
But at the positions where it pays to have continuity -- quarterback and receiver -- the Gladiators and coach Steve Thonn have no complaints.
On a bright, chilly autumn day I took the train from Rome to Santa Maria Novella, Florence's central station. The station is a modernist gem, but in recent years leaving it meant navigating a seedy plaza covered in litter, jammed with hustlers and street vendors and surrounded by tourist buses, idling and belching exhaust.
And yet, of Disney World's roughly 22,000 existing hotel rooms, only 215 rooms at Disney's All-Star Music Resort are family suites. That means Disney hotels are likely losing business to off-property competitors such as the Nickelodeon Suites Resort or the Holiday Inn Resort Lake Buena Vista.
shown, leading up to the Feb. 6 football game. Fans are encouraged to guess the plots of the three spots. Once fans have correctly guessed the plots, the brewer will release an online-only 90-second ad.
St. Ann's 9, Long Island Lutheran 3: Ivan Zeavin-Moss struck out 13 over six innings and had two hits and an RBI and Jack Harnett homered and drove in two runs for St. Ann's (3-0, 3-1), which meets Packer Friday at 4 p.m.
1. May Day rallies around the world
If you would like to make a direct donation, inquire about a sponsorship, or simply learn more about the team and robotics, please visit www.TheOneRobot.com or call 359-9835.
They asked that anyone with information call detectives at (856) 451-0033 ext. 450.
"I have decided that it is an appropriate time for me to step back from being chairman and to give the commission the chance of fresh leadership," Clayton said in a letter to Gov. Jay Nixon.
I have known many teens with the family money to hire coaches and tutors, attend camps, buy expensive equipment, and do whatever else money could buy. Some of them were lacrosse players, but some were also soccer players, sailors, thespians, and musicians. The pressure, year-round schedules, and high expectations put on students are far from a lacrosse problem. This is an issue that has been discussed for a few decades now.
The district stopped transportation to avoid cutting teaching positions, Preisack said. The annual cost for bus service was about $250,000.
He got his show-business break in the late 1960s as a writer on the Smothers Brother Show, and then went on to write for the "Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour" and "The Sonny and Cher Show." He also made regular on-screen appearances in those shows' skits and began working as a stand-up comic.
øSeriously?
The Golden Griffins earned a hard-fought 26-24, 25-23 victory at Metro Catholic rival CBC on Friday. Vianney, which has won 16 state titles and is going for its third consecutive crown in Class 3, has now won six of its last seven matches.
Happy Ending Lyric Players. First Baptist Church of Greater Cleveland's Spahr Center, 3630 Fairmount Blvd., Shaker Heights. All roles available for "Fiddler on the Roof." 7-9 p.m. Friday, Dec. 4; 9 a.m.-noon Saturday, Dec. 5 and 2-6 p.m. Sunday, Dec. 6. Come prepared with a song (accompanist provided) and dress for movement. Performances: March 12-21. Details: call 216-533-8077.
Protani said she and a tow truck driver were putting up signs in a client's private lot on Aug. 22, 2009, when they noticed the accident near the intersection of Biddle Street and Harford Road.
The defendants have both spent time in state prison. Woodson served two years at Northern State Prison in Newark for two aggravated assault convictions in 2004, state corrections records show.
The school system is asking the high court to reverse a lower-court decision that affirmed the right of Jordan Danielle King-Willmann to enroll in Webster from St. Louis at the city district's expense. Schools in suburban St. Louis have said such transfers would be chaotic, forcing them to accommodate potentially thousands of new students despite the lack of manpower and infrastructure to do so.
Q: How do you think you did in the recent arts forum?
"But it was a good step," said Carpenter. "I was excited to get back out there and throw a little bit. Now we move on to the next step. Hopefully, I wake up good enough tomorrow and go out and do that again sometime soon."
"Jerry's our standard-bearer," Barclay said. "He's been doing all the front-end work to make this conditional-use system work. I think at the end of all this, we'll owe him a lot of gratitude for what he's done."
The panel of seven women and five men deliberated for seven hours over two days before arriving at its verdict Wednesday, ruling out a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole.
“She just has such a huge, caring heart in everything she does,” said Toni Wheeler, Averianna’s mom. “Sometimes it’s excruciatingly hot out, but she’s such a good sport. She knows she’s doing something good.”
Except it doesn't. "A German Requiem" may be an obvious title to describe the country's state of mind in 1947, but the trilogy's final installment is no less powerful in describing what pieces are left to be picked up. "For those who had believed in the Fatherland, it was not the defeat which gave the lie to that patriarchal view of society, but the rebuilding. And with the example of Berlin, ruined by the vanity of men, could be learned the lesson that when a war had been fought, when the soldiers are dead and the walls are destroyed, a city consists of its women." For Bernie, the aftermath's tentacles reach far beyond Berlin, spurring him to unmask evil doings in Vienna and, two years later, as described in 2006's "The One From the Other" (Penguin, 372 pp., $15 trade paper), in Munich, even as he remains in the full flower of moral ambiguity, disdainful of all sides of a repellent equation.
-- Greater focus on manufacturing and exports, including the establishment of a "China California" overseas office;
"It’s too soon to tell," Delp said. "If the exchanges can offer a better plan, maybe we’d give (employees) more money, so they can afford a better plan on their own.
His name and those of the victims were not immediately released.
The boat will have to sit in the water for six months after it is restored and moved by crane to the sea because the wooden hull needs time to soften, Holland said. After that, Holland said the mast will go up and the boat would be ready to sail in another three to four months — at which time he said he plans to set sail for Santa Catalina Island.
"I was trying to tell myself there's no pressure," Bailey said of the homer. "But you know in the back of your mind it's there. Now that I hit it, the pressure's gone. I can just go up there and hit the ball."
On the other side, state Rep. Stephen Sandstrom believes the new laws are too soft. He emphasizes that the Utah Compact never mentions immigrants in the country illegally.
Marina Walker
When you’re 8 going on 9, there is no distinction between “like” and “love.”
As to the question posed, because New Mexico does not require proof of citizenship to get a regular driver's license, a New Mexico license does not prove citizenship.
The Cardinals remain publicly mystified as to why they not only handle Gallardo, but manhandle him.
Although Colucci caught “Thor” and “Captain America” in cinemas, he skipped seeing them in their 3-D conversions, which is how they’re being presented during the marathon, along with “The Avengers.” He’s “a little nervous” about seeing three 3-D movies in a row. “Like, is it going to hurt me physiologically or something?”
Bickford Family
Griner dunked twice in the NCAA tournament, matching Candace Parker for most dunks by a woman in NCAA tournament play and during a college career (seven).
"It gets challenging here, and it's not for everyone," the principal said. "Some of them don't want to work hard to get a B or a C, but we say, 'Pay now, not later.' The best feedback we get is from our alumni telling us how easy college is."
In the years leading up to Champion's death, parents had begged Ammons and other officials to take a stronger stand against hazing within the marching band - a decades-long, entrenched tradition that has continued despite repeated injuries, lawsuits and the university's continual warnings that the practice is illegal and could lead to suspensions, fines or arrests.
WASHINGTON -- Bad wiring and a leak in what's supposed to be a "blowout preventer." Sealing problems that may have allowed a methane eruption. Even a dead battery, of all things.
"They got him on Main Street."
In the story that followed, about riots in a gay neighborhood following the police raid at Stonewall Inn, the paper taunted the club's patrons as "little girls" and "ladies-in-waiting." They didn't speak or walk, they "lisped" and "pranced," and were described as being more concerned about their hairdos being disturbed than social justice.
The free photo-sharing program started in 2010 with seed money of $500,000. The two continued to grow their program using venture capital funding.
Charles Manson is up for parole later this month. If you’re a child of the 1960s, the name still strikes terror in your heart. If you’re too young for it to ring a bell, be advised he was the mad man of the era. And we don’t mean an advertising executive, either.
After their arrests, the couple were set to be tried together, but Lillian's mental competency soon became an issue and their cases were split.
Charters have inherent risks, Belshe said.
(By the way, no word on whether Randy Lerner is getting as much out of Camp Cash, the clandestine workouts where NFL owners conduct grueling finger-dexterity exercises so they can more easily count their money without cramping when the lockout ends.)
Turner said the alterations also factored into her decision to avoid a contest in the Democratic primary with Fudge. She released a statement that said "the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election" and the March 6 primary date would give challengers little time to wage competitive campaigns.
Now, for the good news.
Fischer notes that an executive producer talked to them about some really cool story lines.
Ambridge police charged 24-year-old Karri Kathleen Villella with burglary, theft and other crimes on Monday for allegedly stealing jewelry that belonged to the man's late wife.
only one rig out of the 208 drilling in North Dakota on Tuesday sits on non-tribal federal property.
The 65’s share a lot of history. Singer/guitarist Joe Vocaturo and drummer John Steele spent time together in the alt-country combo The Dark Brothers, but their credits include a long list of Jersey bands, some fairly well known like Electric Frankenstein, others largely forgotten. Guitarist Dan Smith remains best known for his time in Shirk Circus, which enjoyed a brief taste of major label hoopla in the Nineties, while bassist Cyndi Merklee played with her brother in the indie-pop band Balloon Squad as well as performing for years on the singer/songwriter circuit.
Then, in a curious moment, Miller declared that he had done opposition-research on each of his opponents and found that "no one here is a police officer." The statement, apparently, was another attempt for Miller to pad his own public safety resume. (He did chair the Public Safety and Homeland Security Committee in the State House.)
3. Florida State Seminoles
Since May, Arizona has paid more than $3 million to MTC for empty beds after the company threatened to sue the state, claiming it was entitled to nearly $10 million.
"Those are two separate issues," he said.
Until now. And dang it, turns out the guy can write, too! He's the co-author, with his son Bubba Strait and Dean Dillon, of "Living for the Night," which just happens to be the first single off "Twang." It's "only" at No. 7 on the charts, a hit for anybody else, but a clunker by Strait standards.
"We're working on that right now," said Mills. "There's a team looking that, to see -- if there was going to be a consolidation -- what would that look like, what sites would be considered, and all of those ramifications."
Among the board members Q Investments wants out is Chief Executive Richard Kinzel and C. Thomas Harvie, who took over the board chairman's job that Kinzel held until relinquishing it in January after Q Investments agitated to separate the positions.
Was Hardy the shortstop with the explosive bat and rocket arm that impressed early on in Milwaukee, a guy who had the potential to be — gasp — included in the same sentence with Hall of Famer Robin Yount among Brewers fans?
ecoSTORE USA
The other goes to to the allegation of the GOP presidential candidates that under Obama's watch the United States has somehow been diminished.
The scariest part
"This kind of revolving door of employment is unfair," Turcer said. "It also highlights the need to better prepare all employees for transitions. At any point, one of us may win the lottery or get hit by a bus. It's sad to think that the county is so badly prepared."
Montgomery County was under a tornado warning for much of the night, but Harrington said the tornado that ran across County Road 500 South was the only report of damage. Damage estimates were unclear Tuesday night.
A deep intimacy with Amina flourishes by revealing her life both in the United States and in Deshi. As she communicates in two languages, and we are keyed into her binary existence, Amina asks, "Was there a person who existed between two languages?" And this is the central question of "The Newlyweds": Can and will Amina reconcile her past self with her future self? Her story is one of the human heart in conflict with itself, which, according to William Faulkner, is the central conflict of all great art.
Capitalizing on the current popularity of rustic Italian food, Rosso offers salumi, antipasti, salads, piadine (salad-topped flatbread), 10 kinds of pizza and nightly specials like oven-roasted Dungeness crab ($19.95) or risotto (price varies depending on ingredients).
A second suspect was only described as a black man driving the Durango. Police are investigating.
The Tierra Santa bus not only went through several state checkpoints en route to California, it also passed through a border-inspection checkpoint when entering the United States. Pantuso said bus drivers crossing the border are rarely asked about licenses and inspections, but he said they should be.
Simon is survived by two sons, three daughters and eight grandchildren.
"Hollywood handouts" is how the Reason Foundation's Harris Kenny labels state tax benefits and rebates for film production companies.
Bicycle glasses. Imagine giving these statement-making tumblers to your cyclist friend as a gift? Bold bicycle silhouettes are screen-printed directly onto these glasses using a special ink that cross-bonds with the surface, making them dishwasher safe and durable enough to be a part of your daily cycle. Comes in a set of eight bold colors: green, navy blue, orange, white, turquoise, yellow, red, and purple. Bicycle glasses are $75 at uncommongoods.com. - St. Louis Post-Dispatch
Regardless, you should consider hiring a litigation attorney to advise you in this matter.
"The best result that can happen from having this information is that the teacher who is getting great performance helps the teacher who is not getting great performance know what to do differently," she said.
(05-02) 01:22 PDT ATHENS, Greece (AP) --
"We were an hour apart and we would take turns taking the bus to see each other," she says.
I put that question to scientists at Novus International when I visited a couple of weeks ago. The company develops supplements to put into animal and fish feed.
His latest book, he said, is about demystifying veganism and showing people that they don't need animal proteins to feel satisfied -- and that the impact on their health of making that switch will be huge. Studies have shown, Barnard said, that people will improve their cardiovascular risk factors with a plant-based diet and, as a side effect of the dietary changes, they will lose weight.
At the June 13 township council meeting, Mr. Morgan announced that he would not run for another term and that he would retire to Florida. What will be the legacy for Mr. Morgan’s 12-year tenure as council member? Will he be remembered for the hours he devoted to council business, for the problems he helped solve, for his council presidency? Or will he be remembered for the malicious subterfuge he concocted to get even?
Holmes quoted Ferguson:
The regents selected Esteban, who has been provost since 2007, to take over for Monsignor Robert Sheeran when he steps down at the end of the month after 15 years leading the South Orange university.
Christie asked Schundler to walk him through the details of the mistake before the governor came out to defend him earlier this week, according to a source.
The LMDC, and those associated with it, are indelibly stained by the deaths of Robert Beddia and Joseph Graffagnino.
The drinks, by the way, started off with a champagne cocktail with a generous hit of brandy - in honor of Brandy Baghead, of course.
Zuhrizt Dzananovic, 47, lost three brothers at the hands of Mladic's forces.
Clutter has something much better for us -- a place to play, learn and get healthy together that is unlike any in the country, a place that could be a regional economic engine. He did it without asking for our tax dollars, and he did it without threatening to build it elsewhere.
Each of the plant's recently replaced generators contain 9,272 tubes, and they are designed to operate with as many as 8 percent - 778 - of those tubes plugged, according to the manufacturer. A total of more than 300 tubes in the generators have been plugged as Edison continues its investigation.
The patient rooms, all singles, have huge windows and will be furnished with fold-out couches for family members.
"He was certainly a role model, and we mourn that loss," said Councilman Gary Felien.
"It was nerve wracking seeing everyone going before you," said Brown, who spent one season at Hargrave Military Academy after high school. "But now my mindset is just getting where I'm going. Everybody that was passing me up, just to make them pay. Because in my head I'm one of the best linebackers."
The White House says standardizing international regulations will make it easier for companies to compete internationally, but will not sacrifice health and safety standards.
Tebow's formal introduction in New York will be delayed until Monday, however, as the teams clean up the paperwork required to complete the trade, according to an NFL source.
After the closing bell, Netflix reported its first quarterly loss in seven years and its stock plunged 13.6 percent in aftermarket trading.
"Is it true Frostee Rucker's dad's name is Puddin Pop? And that he has siblings named Slurpee, Blizzard, Klondike, Orange Julius, Nutty Buddy, and the twins -- Buster and Dilly?" -- Dale, Medina
<U+0093>Well, the question is, who does?<U+0094> Carr said.
Given the importance an in-person visit plays in choosing a school, you'll want to make the most of it. Here's some tips to show you how.
Three other parents felt the same.
Some of the book’s tips have been worked into Yum training guides that have been translated into 11 languages and distributed across the company in what Novak calls “the most ambitious learning and training effort ever done.” (Note that he often makes grand proclamations that he usually doesn’t bother to hedge.)
At the top of the 2011 versions, you'll find these new zingers:
“It was a great win,” Quick said. “We get to enjoy it for five minutes and then focus on (Game 2 here) Monday.”
Never connect more than one extension cord together; instead, use a single cord that is long enough to reach from the outlet to an appliance or tool without stretching.
"Then God said, 'Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb that yields seed, and the fruit tree that yields fruit according to its kind, whose seed is in itself, on the earth'; and it was so. And the earth brought forth grass, the herb that yields seed according to its kind, and the tree that yields fruit, whose seed is in itself according to its kind. And God saw that it was good" (Gen 1:11-12; NKJV).
“I think there are two indicators as to its meaning,” Manteris said. “One, is good news for us all in what it says about the economy. The other is clearly that the Giants are in this game.”
"Teachers complete all the CSAP paperwork, and it's quite voluminous, but after they do it, there is no follow-up," Jordan said. "So the following year, they begin again with the same students and the same process."
"The first half, it was really bothering me," Iguodala said. "And I think the adrenaline kind of carried me."
"No, I don't necessarily feel connected (to the party) anymore."
Superintendent Nancy Wingenbach also responded to media inquiries at the time, DeVincentis said, saying administrators are working on new protocols to address the situation.
Monsanto said its earnings forecast for the full fiscal year is unchanged at $3.34 to $3.44 a share. It also maintained its full-year cash-flow guidance of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion.
"February House" runs Tues.-June 10 at the Public Theater, 425 Lafayette St. Tickets: $80. (212) 967-7555.
Wise up, legislators and The Sun. I am a taxpayer and I am mad as hell and am not going to take it anymore!
Supervisor Bob insists that a woman's sense of judgment fluctuates with her menstrual cycle.
A poll released by Johnson on Monday had him up 8 points - 29 percent to Mitchell's 21 percent. But the race is still wide open, with 50 percent of the 400 likely voters who were polled undecided. Johnson's lead shrank from a 13 percent margin in November, when a poll released by his campaign showed that 75 percent of voters were undecided.
"I don't think it's going to affect the way he goes about his business," Acta said. "It's been a few days. We talked about it in Oakland. He's fine, his family's fine. It helps that nobody got hurt."
"I'm telling you, I would have put cans of bacon bits in every orifice of his body," Beck raged.
The product was distributed to customers in 12 states: Alabama, Florida, Pennsylvania, South Carolina and Virginia. It is possible those customers may have distributed it to other states.
He said daily meddling had undermined his ability to run the department, with board members sticking their noses into sensitive investigations.
But before the Hawks could get anything to go their way, Kamloops’ Tim Bozon was hooked down by Portland’s Joe Morrow on a partial breakaway and was awarded a penalty shot, which Bozon converted at 6:30 of the third period to push the Blazers lead to 5-1.
Until now, I figured that was too much for me to handle.
The colors and textures highlight pieces by their favorite artists - many of them contemporary sculptors from Zimbabwe.
Trading volume on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange was very light at 772 million shares.
"While there are great museum collections," Friede said, "most of the great material in our time was still in private hands and most people didn't care that much" about the art of New Guinea. "African art had the endorsement of having inspired Cubism, while Oceanic art was aligned with the Surrealists. So it became imaginable that one could create a definitive collection."
"Even when she was sick, she'd come and deliver them and the kids would get so excited," Pathare said. "The name is so perfect for them. It's ironic "Joy" was her middle name. Jessie never felt bad for herself, she wanted others to feel better. As children, there's just something so pure, innocent and unselfish about them."
Paideia sued, however, and its attorney argued Friday before Cole County Circuit Judge Jon Beetem that the state had no right to consider test scores as a reason for dismissing its application.
Water Chestnut, Arugula and Endive Salad
The state’s content standards are a collection of grade-by-grade level material, from mathematics to social studies, that all children are expected to learn.
Last year, Welo opposed the county charter that voters overwhelmingly approved in November.
The trial made headlines, especially when the Academy Award winner testified against Morse last March. But Lankler, with cordial no-comments, didn't try to seize the limelight.
taunted one Cubs fans as Carlos Zambrano walked his first batter. "I'm so … sick of that guy."
"Our number one strength? We have the lowest cigarette tax in the country!"
It's a working garden; everything produced is used in the restaurant. But it's so beautiful and popular with guests that executive chef and managing partner David Slay opened Il Garage, a bistro housed in the spacious garage outside the restaurant. A space that overlooks the bountiful raised beds.
HOWELL
against Oklahoma.
Winner: StoneWater
That's just one of more than 100 pieces on display at The Maltz Museum of Jewish Heritage, where Zap! Pow! Bam! The Super Hero: The Golden Age of Comic Books, 1938-1950 exhibit begins Tuesday.
"He gave up the one hit. He fell behind a lot on the count, but was able to come back and throw strikes. He's got such good stuff that he can throw strikes and not worry about getting hit. But Northwood did a good job laying off his curve ball."
Installer Andrew Koyaanisqatsi, of Solar Energy Solutions Inc., endorses the program despite what he sees as imperfections. "It's another amazing way in which Oregon is showing its desire to move its citizens toward an environmentally sustainable future," he said. "Bravo."
Koch and other top state education officials will be discussing adequate yearly progress and statewide test scores Thursday morning, with individual local school results being made public Oct. 31. But for weeks now, local administrators have been sharing scores with school board members and the public.
It was in that role that Brown befriended James and, among other things, loaned him the car that brought NCAA investigators to Eugene last month.
We've already stocked the database with more than 600 recipes, including every recipe published this year, and many Special Request restaurant recipes and other favorites from previous years. Keep checking back, because we'll add recipes weekly. (And if you're looking for a recipe published earlier, you can still use the sitewide search box, located at the top left of every page on
The organization is involved in most aspects of the game, including conducting a highly-regarded junior program that includes players ages 8 to 22 with competition on five levels.
Instead New England punted two plays later and the Giants got the ball, and the time for a winning drive, with 3:46 left.
Public comment: About 36 people showed up at the board meeting, but only a handful spoke. They asked the district to reconsider pulling funds from water polo and teacher librarians, both of which are destined to be eliminated.
Now, on to Walker. The undrafted free agent from Notre Dame has worked hard in practice and was promoted last week. The Texans were going against a 3-4 team that used outside linebackers at end in passing situations. They also blitzed a lot.
.... 3 J and S Express (M Gutierrez)12
The group was especially unhappy with how much ownership the UAW was to receive, saying that group was not being asked to make the same sacrifices. The UAW became a major creditor to GM in 2007 when it agreed to take over retiree health care benefits for the company. GM never funded the trust that was supposed to cover those payments.
"We want nothing more than to have our students in school learning each day and feeling safe!"
Ren can't believe the crushing conservatism of his new digs and sets out to change things. But he's going to have to run the gantlet of police-preacher-principal, and that's only after he dukes it out with Ariel's stock-car-stud boorish boyfriend, Chuck (Patrick John Flueger).
"We were waiting for the other shoe to drop, and now it's dropped," said Ted Batkin, president of the Citrus Research Board in Visalia. "We've been expecting it. But still it's a kick in the stomach. I'm reeling. It's real now."
“These particular pages had gone through a series of sales, multiple auction houses in multiple countries before they ultimately landed in the United States,” said Cooley, who has since been promoted and transferred to the Tucson office.
"The glue that holds it all together is the music," Andersen says.
Without the Republican cuts, the consumer protection agency was on track to receive $134 million this year. Obama has requested $329 million for the agency for next year.
Even Newt Gingrich recognized that income disparity is a losing topic of conversation for members of his party, quickly declaring that he was "fed up with politicians in either party dividing Americans against each other." He said he wants to be president of "all the American people" and was concerned about them all.
"Don't do it, not even once, because for me that's all it took," she said.
Barth, who joined the council in January after years as a neighborhood activist, returned home late Thursday after a series of meetings and was greeted by his excited kids. After hearing that the smoking ban had been signed, 8-year-old Miles had decorated the house with celebratory posters and 9-year-old Nora had baked congratulatory muffins.
Chief Executive Terry Roussel said in a shareholder letter last month that the value of the stock had to be reduced based on falling values of the industrial parks the REIT purchased at the height of the market. Cornerstone didn't respond to a request for comment.
45765 Drexel Rd., $178,000
“They’re really behind the eight ball and there’s a lack of equity there regarding the Hispanic and immigrant community,” he said. “It’s already set back because you’re dealing with a community of Hispanics who don’t know the language, they don’t know the government and where to get services.”
Reactions to Giant leaving and what might replace it are as varied as the food on the shelves. For all those who bemoan the imminent loss of the Giant after 41 years, there are others who welcome a bigger Giant store down the street — and are intrigued by the possibility that a boutique grocer such as Fresh Market or Trader Joe's might move into the Rotunda
His father, Dwight, believes it is, too. Dwight isn’t a fan of a particular team, but two fan bases irk him: those of the Cowboys and Redskins.
The highlight of the evening is his hilarious account of his experiences as a “visiting artist” in a tiny Montana town where he was treated as a celebrity.
I mean, as was the case for all who paid to see The Green Hornet (or Green Lantern, for that matter), Astros ticket buyers must feel as if they are owed some green from last season.
A key provision requires that at least 20 percent of nitrogen in fertilizer sold in New Jersey be the slow-release type to prevent it from easily washing into waterways.
After watching the movie myself, I can see why some young teenagers would not be ready for this movie. On the other hand, I know many young teenagers who probably would be able to handle the themes and violence in this movie.
Strickland was reacting to Taylor's recent decision to delay a target release date for the lottery audit begun in January. Strickland is seeking re-election. Taylor, the only Republican holding a statewide executive office, is gubernatorial candidate John Kasich's running mate. The longer the audit is delayed, the more likely the report could influence voters, who tend to tune in to elections in late summer.
Ordinarily, someone claiming damages files a lawsuit in his name, and the case is put on a civil trial docket as the first step on the road to trial. Often, both sides eventually agree to a financial settlement rather than risk the uncertainties of a verdict.
But anyone who’s seen more than a few Hollywood movies knows the rules. And the fact that August Diehl, a dull actor, is far too simple to stick around as Jolie’s husband and that Liev Schreiber, an interesting actor, is far too complicated to be playing a simple best-friend part, sort of telegraphs the tale’s twists.
Some of it has to do with typical December weather in Ohio.
Oh, the Shermans' town.
Walben’s purchase: a dozen beers in a blue carton.
Another American confidence boost is in the history books. In 25 matches dating back to 1986, it has beaten Japan 22 times and remains unbeaten.
12. Marriotts Ridge, -119
In 2009, in just his second solo vintage, Jason Lett is producing wines that remain very traditional but also brighter, airier, more expressive in youth than his father's ever were, even as they adhere to a classic Eyrie frame. The wines seem to reflect an uncanny balance not only of fruit and structure but also of past and present — a balance that Lett took great pains to achieve.
"From the apostles to the present, the Magisterium of the Church has insisted that those in power are morally obligated to preference the needs of the poor," says the letter obtained by the National Catholic Reporter newspaper. "Your record in support of legislation to address the desperate needs of the poor is among the worst in Congress."
His lawyers sent letters to Wal-Mart, demanding that Jacket Ball be removed, but the entry was still in play as of Tuesday. A Wal-Mart spokesman says it is aware of the issue but declined to comment further. The person who entered the video didn't respond to requests for comment.
About 65 other Philadelphia priests have been credibly accused of sexual assault or abuse since the 1940s, according to the archdiocese's website. Twenty are now deceased. Twenty more remain have been placed in restricted ministry in recent years, and another 25 have been laicized. The archdiocese lists their names and church assignments on the website.
The 29-year-old Pitino is the son of Louisville coach Rick Pitino. The younger Pitino spent this past season as Louisville's associate head coach under his father, helping the Cardinals reach the Final Four.
"We're very interested in all of these crimes, it's just not quite as simple as people would like to believe," O'Toole said.
Also on view are works by Loderstedt's students at KSU, a large installation by recent Cleveland Institute of Art graduate Barbara Polster and a collection of appealing small prints from the series “Common Household Rhymes for the Modern Child” by Michael Gill. Altogether, the shows present a panoramic slice of some of the best current work in Northeast Ohio.
Houston first started singing in the church as a child. In her teens, she sang backup for Chaka Khan, Jermaine Jackson and others, in addition to modeling. It was around that time when music mogul Clive Davis first heard Houston perform.
These are just some of the questions city officials have for Chrysler, Fiat, and President Barack Obama's administration, which is sending an emissary on Friday to meet with plant workers and a task force assembled by Mayor Katherine Procop and others.
Survivors stop to photograph the fluttering green kite. They gaze at the apocalyptic scene of destruction that surrounds. Visible in the distance, out on the coast, is a single tree that survived out of thousands in a famed forest that lined a white-sand beach. The 200-year-old pine has become a national symbol of survival and renewal.
If the Nuggets were to beat the Los Angeles Lakers in Game 4 on Sunday night, coach Mike Brown was determined that Ty Lawson would not be the player responsible.
But census records, which include names, addresses and - in the case of the 1940 census, income and employment information - are rich with long-veiled personal details.
General Motors confirmed that its supplier network was affected by the Evonik explosion, and other automakers said they are monitoring the situation closely. IHS suggested the blast could have a direct effect on U.S. auto production.
Nothing in my view could be more transparent. I presented an idea, City Council voted on it. Tom presented to the mayor what he thought was a problem, and I think I have a right to ask my cabinet give me your best, give me your opinions, and again, I didn't think it was popular but it was necessary and right. (rising to leave)
“I loved the irreverence, the willingness to question everything,” Noth says. “In society, we have these unspoken rules of conduct, these ‘shoulds.’ Even though we pride ourselves on being a democracy, there are all these ways we say you ‘should’ behave. But what if you’re living your life by the ‘shoulds’ and you’re not really living your life?”
"This is the people's preserve. The citizens created it, and the citizens will perpetuate it into the future," Hamilton said.
"At the end of the day the teams in the playoffs are going to be the teams with the best pitching. But we've got to score more runs.
Founding bass guitarist
The teens can be in detention for theft, assault, burglary or drugs. Because of security risks, they can't touch another human.
Chambliss said he was not ready to back those cuts -- which have virtually no chance of passage in the Democratic-controlled Senate -- but he wanted to see more balance between farm and nutrition savings.
"I told those guys we want to win every time we go out, but the only one that really matters is the sectional. If you don't do well there, you don't go to state."
Sales increased 36 percent to $322.6 million, the Bellevue, Washington-based company said today in a statement. Analysts predicted $308 million, the average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Net loss narrowed to $181.8 million, or 44 cents a share, from $227 million, or 93 cents, a year earlier.
Schoeller said the provisions dealing with absentee voting have been mischaracterized and his intention was not to disenfranchise military voters. But since the idea had proved so controversial, and because there is so little time left in this year's legislative session, he decided to remove it from the bill.
Off-site adoptions were so successful, she said, that "everyone on the planet has adopted the idea since then."
“This story is about the growth of two businesses on a faster trajectory,” he said. “It causes us to be one of the largest women’s health companies focused on diagnostics in the world.”
1: MOSELEY - Michael Clay, OLB
PARIS—French couture house Christian Dior SA Monday named Belgian designer Raf Simons as its creative director, concluding an unusually long search to fill one of the fashion industry's most high-profile jobs.
O'Shea said he was visiting various retailers to gauge consumer traffic. The big draws are deals, like t-shirts for $6, down from $12. Bargains like those will be a fixture for the season, he said.
"Jake is obviously blessed with natural athletic ability," Matthews said, "but his effort and work ethic are just as important because he pushes himself to get the most of his talent regardless of the objective. He's not only a great player for us, he's a great leader who brings great character. He leads with his heart, and everyone knows his heart is in the right place."
In nearly every measurable category, state funding of education in Missouri lags behind the other states in our region and the rest of the nation. Over the past 15 years, our legislative leaders have created a structurally unsound state budget the puts more of an emphasis on locking up felons than it does educating our young people and providing our businesses the workforce they need.
The campaign had supported Grenell earlier as well, when his controversial tweets were revealed. In an e-mail disseminated by the campaign on April 24, Bolton said Grenell was "a thoroughly professional press spokesperson. During his time at the U.S. Mission to the U.N., he showed discretion and good judgment, and did an excellent job representing our country during often very difficult circumstances."
LARCENY: A larceny was reported at 7:05 p.m. April 9 in the 4500 block of Lemay Ferry Road.
"We can't have an influence peddler leading our party," said Romney, standing on a makeshift stage in front of a one-story house that is in foreclosure.
Vereen was suspended without pay.
"Some parents are going to wait until the last possible minute in case their children grow, so their clothes can last as long as possible during the school year."
It's yet another restaurant chain created by former executives from Outback Steakhouse.
Tickets and information: 842-7009 or 240-4777 or www.sanjuanchurch.com. Tickets are also available on April 28 at any of the gardens:
Dean said using taxpayer-backed bonds are a far more stable funding source than the existing proposal, which relies on an untested expansion of charitable gambling. He also acknowledged, one day after proposing a roof-less stadium, that a roof would likely be required to qualify for general obligation bonds. The lack of a roof would severely limit the facility's ability to host civic and other events year-round.
Dupnik said he thinks the new immigration law will be challenged in the Supreme Court.
Best bet: Hotel Margutta 54. Part of the Rome Luxury Suites collection, this address is three doors down from where Peck's fictional Joe Bradley lived at No. 51. It's near the Spanish Steps. Rooms from about $450 per night. romeluxurysuites.com
He was not immediately aware of what had happened, but called police to report them missing.
Daimler AG, which owns the Mercedes-Benz brand, is among the foreign carmakers seeking to further tap into the lucrative sector in China -- the world's biggest auto market.
"I don't see why he shouldn't be."
She wants her children to have their own space like they had before, but it's tough to move to their own place because she stopped working at her warehouse job to stay by her child's side in the hospital.
Donaldson had been involved with the story from the start -- he happened to be on duty when the first body was discovered on Imperial Avenue, and wrote the first story. He has been working on it ever since.
They never ask why build.
The housing bust and recession have transformed debt-collection and credit-reporting companies, making them a much bigger part of consumers' lives, agency Director Richard Cordray told reporters.
By Stephanie Vardavas
Lego was one of the things Amaey Shah loved best.
We have more than enough to win. We don't have to change. You can't replace Derrick's individual greatness with one player, but we can collectively.
You also have the drone of traffic on Loop 202, an endless stream of jets overhead, and desert terrain battered by years of hiking and biking.
"Since I've been here I've seen a massive increase in the amount of surfing," Derrick said. "I imagine that more surfers will come because we have fairly decent waves, and they're pretty consistent."
And though such traditional U.S.-Chinese issues as human rights will be discussed, the agenda centers heavily on economic-related issues, including efforts by both countries to spur global economic activity, the fallout from U.S. action imposing new tariffs on Chinese tire and steel exports, and recurring U.S. complaints that China has undervalued its currency.
It's possible the Broncos can do more with their contract proposal because they have roughly $15 million more salary cap room than the Titans.
Even after a coroner's verdict, it remains a mystery: A naked spy found dead in a locked bag, lurid details of a kinky sex life and allegations that someone in Britain's spy agencies may have been involved in his death.
In mice bred to be prone to atherosclerosis, increased dietary lecithin and choline led to increased blood levels of TMAO, and to greater accumulation of plaque in the arteries. Both are bad outcomes.
What it isn't. We You Docs have even better news: You probably don't have CTS. The aches and pains people get from using the computer keyboard are usually from repetitive-use injury, not CTS. So relax — and try these simple steps:
But she left relatives who wanted only to help her, who want only to know who killed their daughter and sister. But that’s not all.
Claiming that Christie was interfering with the judiciary’s independence, Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester) initially blocked her nomination.
Social networking mobile app maker Path said Monday that it raised about $30 million from venture capital firms such as Greylock Partners and Redpoint Ventures and individual investors such as Virgin Group’s Richard Branson and DST Global’s Yuri Milner.
The Steakhouse Burger, pictured at left, was big and luscious, but we thought the buttered-and-toasted ciabatta roll was too much bread for the meat. The soup of the day was an incredible roasted corn-jalapeño flecked with drops of chili oil <U+0096> sweet 'n' heat.
lot under discussion. A whole series of things. I hope we can tie a lot together."Selig is working with a 14-member "blue-ribbon panel" that includes Cardinals manager Tony La Russa. "It's been 14-0 on a lot of things," Selig said. "We spend hours talking about it. One year it could hurt, one year it could be helpful."If baseball had the extra playoff team in place this year, the drama of the Cards-Braves for the final NL spot or Red Sox-Rays for the AL would have been lost."We can't let one year influence us," Selig said. "This is for the long term. We can't keep doing the same things. Change is difficult. Baseball is a social institution, very difficult to change. But once you've made it, people are very comfortable with it."Selig said that having a new postseason structure in place by next season "may be a bit optimistic" because it will be a part of the current labor negotiations. "Nothing is cast in stone. We'll see how it all plays out."The commissioner was quick to remind listeners that when baseball added a wild-card team in September 1993 (it didn't become effective until the 1995 season) that people said "I was ruining the sport," but noted, "It's worked out better than anyone could have dreamed."Another issue is the length of the season - Selig doesn't like games in November - but he said those things can be worked out.In a
21. With dozens of variations on the game of Tag, you could play a game every day of summer and never run out of new ways to be "it."
AKRON, Ohio — One-time pizza shop owner Joseph Gallucci wanted a cushy job on the Cuyahoga County payroll in 2006, and to get it, he willingly corrupted one of the fundamental tenets of a democracy -- the expectation of open and fair elections.
It was a veiled reference to the phantom second foul called on Jared Sullinger vs. Syracuse in the East Regional final.
Could Go: Unknown
Candidates who elect to receive a salary from their campaign committees must provide income tax records and additional proof of earnings from relevant years if the FEC requests it.
Although Sweeney said he “absolutely” had the 21 votes necessary to pass a resolution that would grant a Senate committee the power to subpoena the Christie administration, several Democrats opposed the move.
Teacher collaboration time: Board members didn't debate the merits of teacher collaboration time – research shows it improves teachers' skills and student learning - but they did debate the timing of starting the program this fall.
Three things to watch
Maryland is moving forward with a plan to place what could be thousands of state documents online, a decision that, if done effectively, could make possible any number of computer application, journalistic and other public information projects.
For now, though, he can sink himself into the draft, which he is delighted to do.
Soon enough, the next generation of Leverts was ready to make its mark in the family business. Under their father’s tutelage, Gerald and Sean teamed up with friend Marc Gordon to launch the trio LeVert. They had a Top 5 smash with “Casanova” in 1987.
Helping those in the community and taking some of the pressure off jammed hospital emergency rooms are the goals of the new clinic, which is operated by medical and non-medical volunteers.
The board meeting is scheduled to begin at 9 a.m. at the agency’s headquarters at One Penn Plaza East in Newark, across from the Newark Penn Station transportation hub.
The dental program also serves senior citizens. In addition, the county offers a referral service for uninsured county residents who meet certain financial eligibility requirements. For more information on services, call 410-887-2781.
"My teachers are able to go way beyond the standards and have really engaging activities and discussions in class," Pehrson said. "It's a cycle - the kids allow the teachers to go deeper, and the teacher trains the kids to be better thinkers. It gets to the point where there's no limit to what the kids can learn and do."
"Booh!" the 55-year-old McGowan yelled back. "You must give us bigger guns than that, boys, or you cannot hurt us."
The menu includes fresh Dungeness crab or steak, coleslaw, pasta salad, roll, dessert and beverage. Tickets are $25 each and proceeds will benefit the North Plains Loaves and Fishes Center and its senior nutrition program. A surf and turf menu is also available for $30.
Recipes with photos will be accepted from now until the end of the day on April 30. You also have until that date to vote for your recipe or any other recipe one you like. You may cast only one vote per day, per registered user.
Lakers forward Lamar Odom would go to New Orleans and fellow Los Angeles forward Pau Gasol to Houston, the third team in the trade, people told The Associated Press on today. They spoke on the condition of anonymity because the deal was not finalized.
The shuttle was being carried -- its pallbearer, a 747 -- because it cannot fly, nor will it ever again. It was being sent for interment. Above ground, to be sure. But just as surely embalmed as Lenin in Red Square.
HOW THEY MET: Met at a GRREAT adoption day in a pet store 10 years ago when he was five years old. Copper was diagnosed with non-operable cancer right around his 15 birthday last Valentines Day. We kept him comfortable until his passing over the Rainbow Bridge three weeks later. He is tremendously missed by his family, neighbors, and the hundreds of patients he entertained and befriended at the Copper Ridge Alzheimer’s care facility.
Growing up in Philadelphia, I could hardly avoid history. Virtually every semester in grammar school, we would be packed on to buses to visit all the approved historical stops: the Liberty Bell, Ben Franklin's grave, Betsy Ross' house, then lunch and back to improper fractions.
Education: Bachelor's degree in music from the College of William and Mary; master's degree in studio music and jazz pedagogy from the University of Miami
(Pfizer, by the way, wasn't making these cutbacks because it's hurting for money. Earlier this month, it announced it was using $10 billion of its cash reserves for a stock buyback and that it was raising its dividend for investors by 10 percent. All of which, of course, helps any Pfizer exec with stock options.)
"In many cases, most of my friends are no longer my friends," Kelley said as he began testifying against Dimora, his onetime friend and political ally.
"I think it's important to the confidence of the business community that the governor is going to stay the course."
Christopher Wimer from the Stanford Center on Poverty and Inequality later discussed concerns with the current measuring stick of poverty.
"Once the coral bleaches, it can't really survive," said Christian Daughton, chief of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's environmental chemistry branch at the National Exposure Research Laboratory in Las Vegas.
"I do believe I have a good knowledge of the offensive side," said Pelini, a former high school quarterback. "I've never run an offense, but I do believe as you move forward, you have a better balance."
CHERRY CREEK 12, COLUMBINE 2
He said interest in starting a street food business has increased in the past 18 months because of the recession and a movement toward higher-quality "slow food."
"I think a lot of them understood how things get blown out of proportion," McElroy said today at Englewood's Dwight Morrow High School. He and cornerback Julian Posey were there to reward students for their accomplishments in the Eat Right, Move More contest.
For the quarter ended March 31, the agribusiness conglomerate reported net income of $399 million, or 60 cents per share, down from $578 million, or 86 cents per share, in the same quarter last year.
Both Leopold and Police Chief Col. James E. Teare, Sr. have declined to comment.
While the city was burning, Roosevelt and Taft put Congress and the federal bureaucracy into action. Congress passed its first appropriation, $500,000, without debate on April 20. Taft and the Army quartermaster corps rushed supplies to San Francisco from bases across the country.
Don't try to make Maryhill's permanent offerings make sense as a complete experience. Embrace the strangeness and be sure to make time for:
It didn’t take long for the push-back to begin. Now an online petition to thank Starbucks for its pro-gay marriage stance has been launched by a group called SumOfUs.
Cleveland American Institute of Individual Investors, "All I Needed to Know About the Stock Market I Learned in Kindergarten": 7 to 9 p.m. at the Brecksville Community Center, 9069 Brecksville Road, Brecksville. Cost at the door is $17 for members, $19 for nonmembers.
"Time to bust this time capsule," I tell the home-staging manager.
Johnson's attorney, Sharon A.H. May, said her client "essentially has a clean record," with no adult convictions and no juvenile commitments. Johnson was previously charged with gun possession by a minor and twice charged with drug possession, but those cases were dropped by prosecutors.
Despite potential delays associated with playing back digital recordings, they provide the best form of evidence available to juries, Rabner wrote. Though affirming Miller’s conviction, the court ordered a resentencing because Judge Ryan failed to adequately explain his reasons for imposing consecutive 14-year prison terms on the defendant, instead of running them concurrently.
And Kansas City Star blogger Yael T. Abouhalkah declared: "MIZ + SEC = LOSER."
The teen used his father's weapon late Wednesday to fire a single round through a window from outside their house in Carson, near Los Angeles, authorities said. The bullet struck Chisem, a U.S. Navy veteran, in the back of his head.
Value: By paying in advance, you are a partner in a farm's bounty. And you share in the risk -- of weather, of critters, of the farmer's ability to deliver. Usually, farmers get a small percentage of the price we pay for food. You will be helping to keep a dying profession in business, and increasing all our options for fresher food.
"We want victims to continue to report crimes, but we want real victims," Sgt. Art Eld of the Orlando Police Department's sex-crimes division said.
"She's on a path to recovery," said crewmate Andrew Feustel, "and that is, I think, allowing us all to just carry on and get done what we need to get done."
For its 2012 Dream Home, HGTV chose a picturesque setting in a neighboring state familiar to Arizonans.
"I'm a little surprised that they'd move in this close," he said. "They're almost next door to Chesterfield Mall and certainly next door to Chesterfield Commons."
Jeff Wert observed a female Northern harrier hunting in a field on Bear Swamp Road in Sharon Township.
"Blaming President Obama is like blaming the teacher when you didn’t do your homework," he said in a statement.
"This is not just for us. This is for all of you who are disempowered," he said. "This is for all those who live on the fringes of society."
“I want to say that our expectations are the same,” Smith said at his introductory news conference with a handful of players watching nearby. “Nothing is going to slow down. In fact, we’re going to speed up. Our expectations are that we’re going to battle and fight for a national title.”
But he<U+0092>ll open May with the Indians.
The side sessions, the spring games, the discussions need to translate. It doesn't have to be measured in wins and losses, but in steady progress. The Rockies have seen two critical pieces dissolve before their eyes the past two seasons. Ubaldo Jimenez went from the All-Star Game to a fourth starter. His contract, or lack thereof, played a role in his mind-set, and his lack of communication made it hard to get him straightened out. That's not on Apodaca.
You won't hear studios trashing Cinea's efforts out loud because being against any effort to combat piracy in Hollywood these days is like saying people shouldn't be allowed to drive a Prius alone in the carpool lane. But some studios are quietly exploring other alternatives.
BEARS HAVE TWO ALL-AMERICANS
"I've never seen turquoise water like this before. It's a beautiful thing," Schum says.
But the annual summit, featuring a wide range of well-known political and business leaders, a who's who of Oregon, was worth the trip, Wyden said.
Q. Are Capistrano Unified teachers definitely going on strike?
Fisher was born to Hollywood stars Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds, and played Princess Leia in the Star Wars movies. But her life has been filled with challenges, including depression and addiction.
"The Episcopal Church is in pain and agony today," said the Rev. Eugene Taylor Sutton, bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland. "Two wonderful women have been slain in this place."
"These are individuals that could be working in the community," she said. "And if they’re not working, the community has to support them."
Remember, for all the medical offices knew, every one of these calls came from a patient suffering from severe depression, a mental health emergency. And still, a quarter of the offices dumped their phone calls and another quarter or so called back only to say that they wouldn't see the patient unless he or she already was enrolled with a primary care doctor affiliated with their facility.
øIt helped coming to a team that had Angel McCoughtry. Obviously, she's an enormously talented player, one of the best we have in the WNBA. But, she's also someone I've played with and known for a while, dating back to our experiences with USA Basketball. When it became apparent that a trade to Atlanta was in the works, she reached out to me and let me know how excited she was for the possibility of playing together for the Dream.
Stewart Tartan Pipes and Drums Practices: The band practices in the South Bay to accommodate its significant local membership and to recruit new members at intermediate level and above. Practices are held on the first and third Tuesdays of the month from 7:30-9:30 p.m. at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, 13601 Saratoga Ave., Saratoga. For more information, visit www.stew arttartan.com.
Kasich is on the spot to come up with a new funding formula as his first state budget -- which slashed education funding by $780 million --scrapped the so-called "evidence-based" model of his Democratic predecessor, Ted Strickland.
Thum declined comment when reached by telephone.
Investigators would not say whether the gunman fired at the victims through the apartment's front door, or if either of the deputies had a chance to return fire. Some neighbors have described hearing several bursts of shots.
2. QB competition. The Nick Hirschman vs. Connor Wood battle was to be the highlight of spring drills. But Hirschman (foot) sat out after undergoing his third surgery since last summer.
Sears Holdings of Hoffman Estates, Ill., which operates 24 Sears and 19 Kmart stores in Northeast Ohio, could announce up to 41 more stores that will close in addition to those released on Thursday.
The rugged 6-foot-2, 205-pound Mr. Bouchard quickly got noticed and the Canadiens offered him his first professional contract to play with their minor league club in Providence. He played 12 games for the team in 1940-41.
205 SOUTHGATE DR $160,000
Sen. Barbara Mikulski of Maryland stands barely as tall as the podium, but in becoming the nation’s longest-serving woman in Congress, she is a towering political figure.
Non-beef dishes miss the point, and sometimes the mark. Rack of lamb with seasonal chutney seemed more sticky than meaty, and chicken livers sautéed in butter appeared almost deep-fried, giving them a crunchy crust but leaving the internal texture dry and discouraging.
Grilling chicken over indirect heat requires only a portion of the grill to be lit. By placing the chicken away from the heat source, it cooks slowly, without the fear of flare-ups or burning.
To its credit, Cinea is trying to make it as easy as possible. If you are afraid of electrocuting yourself when you reach for the electrical octopus behind the TV, there are tech support people you can call. They promise they can get someone out to assist you in 24 to 48 hours, faster than any cable guy I've dealt with.
"Football nowadays, it's not about stats. Sometimes it's all about how fast you run and how high you jump," Lewis said. "I was just happy that they saw something in me, and I'm going to prove them right and I'm going to prove a lot of teams wrong."
Purwin said that if he has to move the helicopters, they will not be able to get off the ground as quickly.
outshine the pricey gadgets they're designed to complement. At the booth for M-Edge, I was impressed with the canvas covers that can make an e-reader look like a vintage book. A rep told me that users can design and upload their own covers, and that they are printed at a facility in Ste. Genevieve.
In Union's case, it's neither. The Titans, who moved from Class 3A to 4A this past school year, are No. 8 in the Seattle Times' preseason rankings. Greater St. Helens League coaches consider Union no better than a co-favorite to win the 4A division with Evergreen and Battle Ground.
And a sudden, surprising thought — what if he decided to just give it all up for the love of a (not-so) good woman?
"It's time for people to be upfront if they have concerns," Warren said. "Let's talk about it. Bring them to us. But to say in secret, 'We're concerned because it's a mental health hospital,' to say that in whispered tones, just perpetuates the very bias that I would hope our community overcame a long time ago. It's not a good thing."
The number of illegal immigrants and families is actually much larger than 11 million. The Pew Hispanic Center reports that 4 million of the 11 million have children. And McClatchey Newspapers reports that "Hispanics are the only ethnic group now producing more than two children per family." So the total of illegal immigrants with children comes to 19 million-plus. Most of the children are U.S. citizens by dint of birth in the U.S.
Despite “Masterpiece Theater”-like trappings, Sowerby hits hard — this is a family where siblings rat on one another. If only director Richard Corley had staged the play with less politeness and more fire. Rutherford Sr. may not be an ogre, but Hogan plays him with too much reserve, as if he were an accountant, not a captain of industry.
"There are alternatives out there that don't require these draconian cuts," he said.
Other districts, however, did not find an April election to be the most logical call.
Few pleasures in life are more enjoyable that sitting down to Matthew Accarrino's five-course pasta tasting menu ($48; added $36 for wine pairings). He changes the menu often, but it might include cocoa tagliatelle with black truffles; mustard capellini with Guinea hen ragout, Savoy cabbage and mimolette cheese; and squid-ink spaghettini with crab and sea urchin in a shellfish broth. However, there's other great stuff coming out of his small kitchen in this cozy Pacific Heights storefront; appetizers and main courses are equally good. Shelley Lindgren, who also owns A16, makes sure the wine selections and service keep pace with the food.
Following a two-day meeting of its policy board, the central bank announced a sizable ¥10 trillion ($129 billion) expansion in its asset-purchase program, taking the program to ¥65 trillion. For the first time it also set what amounts to an inflation target, after nearly 20 years of deflationary pressure.
His staff, in response to concerns about transparency, pointed out that the House's budget proposal, which included about 200 amendments to Gov. John Kasich's previously released budget, was available to the public nearly a week before the finance committee voted on it.
Modern municipal finance in the St. Louis region hasn't been about growth in well-paying jobs. It's been an arms race for sales tax receipts. Cities place big bets by subsidizing retail developments in hopes of capturing consumers from neighboring communities. That means retail growth in St. Charles County puts a crimp on sales tax collections in the Chesterfield Valley.
Rated R (horror violence and gore, language, drug use and some sexuality, nudity)
2 tablespoons golden raisins
"We just didn't want that type of exposure. The thing that was really worrisome about it was that this is our first time having a single that some people know, outside our fan base. If they re-record it, you don't get any creative control over it. At least when we do an ad, we can decide whether it looks right or not."
"People think by getting 20, 5 and 5, I'm happy," Evans said. "But I don't care. I just want to win. If I have six points and we win and I didn't do good, I'm happy to get the W."
Even among older folks, Adler said, there seems to be a sense of "environmental fatigue.”
But the person, who is not authorized to speak for the family and requested anonymity, said nothing was planned for Neverland, at least through Friday.
Twenty years after Bellwether Farms made its first sheep's milk wheels in Petaluma, artisan cheese making in Marin and Sonoma counties has reached critical mass.
Kasich's proposal could create a "perfect storm" for Ohio cultural organizations that depend on both state and federal funding. The latest proposed OAC cuts were announced Tuesday as some in Congress want to eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts.
June 17 - Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips 400, Brooklyn, Mich.
In addition to making services more marketable to patients and doctors, who have rising expectations, hospitals can cut energy and staff costs with new, efficient buildings.
The United States has a number of factors in its favor to win the 2022 World Cup. The U.S. possesses the infrastructure of large and available stadiums, transportation and - most of important of all for FIFA - large revenue streams from attendance, merchandising and television. And the last time the U.S. hosted the World Cup (1994) was a huge success and helped launch Major League Soccer.
FOP president Derrick Hatcher said he would call an emergency executive board meeting so the 34 union board members could vote on whether to float the proposal to the entire union, roughly 1,033 officers. City officials said they would suspend the layoffs until Tuesday, Nov. 30 in order for the entire membership to weigh in.
To make Fausto and the other Latin players feel at home, they made sure to prepare the boys' favorite staple -- chicken and rice -- with every meal. Nurtured on such home cooking, Carmona tore it up with the Captains in 2003, going 17-4 with a 2.06 ERA. He was named South Atlantic League Pitcher of the Year, and his 17 wins were the best at any level of the Indians' organization that season.
Patrick Dalton, valedictorian at La Salle College Prep in Milwaukie, is one of them. An aspiring engineer bound for the University of Southern California, he's always tried to excel -- as his 4.25 GPA and No. 1 class ranking attest.
By the time he reached high school, Jones had to be talked into playing the sport. He cared not only about basketball but academics.
Carla Suarez Navarro, Spain, def. Olga Govortsova, Belarus, 6-4, 6-4.
If your pet shows a reluctance to move around and doesn't have arthritis, or it's already being treated, ask your veterinarian to check for other problems such as heart disease or cognitive problems. There are inexpensive supplements and medications that can treat these conditions, as long as they haven't advanced too far.
After the jury was excused, Elwell’s wife Annette cried in his arms.
The rule allows athletes to transfer if they have earned their degree, have one year of eligibility remaining and their current school does not offer the graduate program they wish to study.
Still, Watson helped Delray Meanweather, 40, and Kathy Stewart, 48, carry their five tubs and one black trash bag of Red Cross-donated goods to their second-floor room.
By the way, Goliath, unofficially, was 9 feet tall -- he dated Gheorghe Muresan's great-great-great-great-great-great-great aunt -- and David was 5-6 1/2 in Birkenstocks.
"The system is breaking the spirits of too many young people," said West, a Princeton University professor who was among those arrested during a rally in front of the 28th Precinct in Harlem.
TRENTON — The hole in the state’s pension fund grew again this year, by more than $8 billion, a trend that continues after a decade of skipped payments and increased benefits.
Purchases of previously occupied homes, meanwhile, rose in January and February, making this winter the best for sales in five years. Such purchases dropped back in March, to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.48 million.
Dread is, of course, the secret weapon in all the films. Watching them is sort of like riding a roller coaster. You're excited at the prospect, but once it starts you think, wait -- is this really a good idea?
He said most calls would have to be tracked through a hot line.
The deals are part of a strategy that has fueled Imagine's national expansion. In most cases, Imagine sells its buildings to another company that leases them back to Imagine, with the schools themselves shouldering the rent with public funds.
"I’m so excited to be able to be alive and to be here for this moment," said Diane Riportella, 53, of Egg Harbor Township.
The change, effective June 14, isn't just a matter of semantics. To pass FDA muster, companies must engage in extensive testing to prove their products protect against "broad spectrum," and that they can continue to work, while wet, for 40 or 80 minutes.
Upon a foundation of acoustic guitar, voice and the deep tones of the Argentinean bombo legüero, drum, Molina adds synths and electronics, looping and layering the elements, bending pitches and distorting time and space to fashion a seductive and delicious sense of disorientation.
- Christopher Elliott
A hearing that started in August concluded today on a defense motion to throw out Cordova’s confession to police on the grounds his Miranda rights were violated.
Richard Hyde, another special investigator, said: "If John Floyd's been hired, that is somebody who will take a very serious look into this because John's the expert. ... I can see where there could be some areas he could look into."
Their films, including "The Death of Mr. Lazarescu," "12:08 East of Bucharest," and "4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days," snagged several prestigious awards at the Cannes Film Festival the past three years, and have become critical darlings in America.
Aging is far more a product of lifestyle as opposed to age itself, and this applies to the body and mind. Studies show that effective daily exercise for 30 minutes can have a protective effect on your nervous system that helps maintain thinking ability while potentially delaying forms of dementia (i.e., Alzheimer's disease) (American Psychological Association convention 2006; Journal of the American Geriatrics Society 2004).
Taglines are tricky, Borders said.
“The inescapable fact is that by releasing over 600 pages of information regarding his finances, Mitt Romney is clearly coming down on the side of disclosure,” said Romney spokeswoman Andrea Saul in a prepared statement. “Any document with this level of complexity and detail is bound to have a few trivial inadvertent issues. We are in the process of putting together some minor technical amendments, which will not alter the overall picture of Gov. and Mrs. Romney’s finances as disclosed in August.”
While the failure of this and another budget plan involving a shift in teacher pension costs to the counties will be welcome news among most Harford County residents, any euphoria locally is likely to be short-lived.
So the retired Columbus schools art teacher, who turns 65 this year, and Barbara, 63, plan to stay in their home as long as they can. Elberfeld has been working with neighborhood residents to form a group of volunteers to help other seniors do the same.
Then the economy stumbled. Oregon's unemployment rate toyed with 11 percent. Fewer jobs meant fewer drivers. Less consumer spending meant few trucks to snarl rush hour.
The team from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota says it plans to monitor nine climbers attempting to scale Everest to learn more about the physiology of humans at high altitudes in order to help patients with heart conditions and other ailments.
"The county may feel like they can financially bankrupt the unions with legal action, but I don't see that happening," said Atkinson. "At some point, justice will prevail, which means doing what the citizens wanted, providing a fair dispute resolution process for public safety employees."
The Seton Hall Board of Regents is expected to choose the new president before Sheeran leaves office on June 30.
Money was stolen Thursday in the 400 block of Busby Drive.
He's urging the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to reject Christie's effort to divert $1.8 billion in funds dedicated to the rail project to repairing roads and bridges instead.
It's still possible to get by on 200 megabytes per month. If you're a light user, stay away from heavy-usage applications such as online music streaming and Netflix video. Use Wi-Fi rather than the phone's cellular network as much as possible. Wi-Fi usage doesn't count towards your data limit.
The courts became, in effect, just another state agency. As the budget began leaking red ink, politicians saw the courts as something to whack because they lacked the legal protections and political clout of categories such as K-12 education.
The Cherry Creek School District is considering a bond issue this fall to help address overcrowding issues at its schools, particularly those in the southeast Aurora area.
NEW ORLEANS -- A Chinese drywall manufacturer, along with suppliers, builders and insurers, agreed Thursday to repair up to 300 homes in four states and possibly thousands more damaged by corrosive drywall.
That Kuenster was the only female to accept an invitation to the 72-player field of professionals and amateurs is not a concern.
Favorite book: The Tenth Circle (Jodi Picoult)
Josh Young, "Jesus Christ Superstar"
The most popular potential landing spot -- and the subject of plenty of Internet and talk radio fodder -- is Jacksonville, Tebow's hometown team that passed on drafting him despite intense fan pressure in 2010. It's not yet known if the Jaguars are interested in Tebow, however.
Turlington Burns said her own feelings aren't that extreme -- and she will enjoy a meal with her family, including her children, sister, mother and likely her mother-in-law -- but she wants it to be a moment of solidarity with many other moms, and have those surrounding all those women to appreciate them.
an online travel reservation site, will provide iSeatz clients -- such as Delta Air Lines and Amtrak -- access to its network of more than 85,000 hotels, 15 major car rental companies, 5,500 tourist spots and others.
3. melting glaciers
A day when we stayed in the still mild 70s, but began the gradual slide back to normalcy and a high in the 50s by Sunday, the 40s by Monday.
It’s a Mickey-and-Judy movie fantasy — complete with a cameo from Mickey Rooney — and lots of dancing in the streets. Do they succeed? I’m not telling. Does Segel?
"We need a prolific offense," Smith says. "When we're in Denver, we need people to ask, ‘Hey, why isn't Peyton playing?' Our offense has to keep other offenses off the field. I'm focusing on defense. I want it fixed, but I also want Norv Turner and Philip Rivers together and functioning.
-- Kennedy Boulevard at Communipaw Avenue
Intrigue is following Nagbe, considered to be the likely top pick, but that doesn't necessarily mean he'll end up in Vancouver.
Five Gloucester County schools are named on a recently released Department of Education list of “Priority,” “Focus” and “Reward” schools in a program geared toward addressing problems as well as lauding schools with student achievement or growth.
They've said the school has been wrongfully marginalized and GLC students deserve the right to have the components that make a high school seem normal: a less intimidating name, a mascot and school colors.
"I thought I had it made," Eugene resident Patrick Reilly told Kulongoski during a five-minute sit-down. Reilly, 51, was making about $20 an hour driving a forklift at a Georgia-Pacific plywood mill. The mill was sold, and Reilly lost his job and has been out of work for 14 months.
A stairwell in the rear of the building was engulfed in flames and people were unable to get out. Some residents opted to jump from balconies to escape.
But coach Rick Adelman said he doesn't think Ridnour will be able to play until the season's final two games, starting Sunday against Golden State, if he plays at all again this season. Same for forward Kevin Love.
Here are a few suggestions to get you started.
The railroad, which agreed to an out-of-court settlement in 2008, said Ehlenfeldt was fired for "misusing equipment."
The last time Richard Lugar was challenged in his own party it was 1976, he wasn't yet the incumbent senator and he beat his main rival, a former governor, by 35 percentage points.
Education has been a component of the Rock Hall since it opened in 1995. But it has evolved into a comprehensive series of programs for students that meet state academic content standards, teacher workshops and a summer teacher institute that offers graduate credit, as well as an award-winning distance-learning program.
Also look for: Michael Chabon's "The Astonishing Secret of Awesome Man"; Dr. Seuss' "The Bippolo Seed and Other Lost Stories"; Jeff Kinney's "Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever"; Christopher Paolini's "Inheritance"; Rick Riordan's "The Son of Neptune"; Shel Silverstein's "Everything On It"; and Lane Smith's "Grandpa Green."
"We're just sad, real sad for the family," he said. "It was a senseless death."
"They are flavorless," she said.
Witnesses told police March 20 they heard glass breaking and saw a fire as a man who matched Wright’s description drove away from his ex-girlfriend’s Byron Drive home at about 10:30 p.m.
Auburn Hills, Mich.-based Chrysler LLC says it expects the shutdown to last between 30 and 60 days and then resume with normal production schedules once the agreement is completed.
“This is my first time cooking for someone other than my family,” Jayaraman said.
“The biggest thing is thank God nobody was hurt,” he said.
G 3 Anthony Brown (6-6, So.): 7.9 ppg, 3.6 rpg
"I don't know that I have realized the substantial time savings," said Presiding Judge Richard Zerr. "All the things I do now, I still do. I do them differently."
In it, Danforth said it would have been "worse than inappropriate," and "divisive and wrong" to "foist" his own religion on the electorate.
- Valley Art Center, 155 Bell St., hosts the "Cleveland Rocks" gallery exhibit from 10 a.m.-4 p.m. today and Saturday.
"I’m an Essex County boy," he proclaimed. "I’m not a big believer in karma, but in this case, I’m feeling good about it."
In recent days, 40 Democratic Assembly members and Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom have sent letters asking Richards to resign. They've accused him of thumbing his nose at California voters who have banned mountain lion hunting twice at the ballot box, in 1990 and 1996.
Below are longer wire service accounts of the two incidents. First, a longer AP account about the Palin effigy:
Chesterfield Township detectives ask anyone with information to call them at 586-949-2450 or Crime Stoppers at 800-SPEAKUP (800-773-2587).
And while the sappy boy-and-his-robot drama pales next to the terrific “The Iron Giant,” the actual ’bot battles are vicarious fun. For anyone who can remember the days of Rock’em Sock’em Robots — “You knocked my block off!” — they’re a nostalgic rush.
Humboldt K-8
The seminar will help participants better understand and apply the critical concepts of the 2012 International Energy Conservation Code. These concepts provide a basis for the correct use of the code in design, plan review, inspection and analysis of projects. The seminar will also help provide a clear understanding and correct use of the requirements identified by the basic code provisions, tables and categorizations.
Longer hemlines may be dominating this prom season, but for the girls who want a shorter cut, it's all about the feathers.
The Denver Art Museum became the envy of its peers nationwide by landing "Yves Saint Laurent: The Retrospective." It's the only U.S. stop for this homage to the famed French designer, and includes 200 of his haute couture garments, photographs, drawings and films that chronicle his 40-year career.
This is important for Russia because of the huge American technological advantage in defensive weaponry. We can reliably shoot down an intercontinental ballistic missile. They cannot. And since defensive weaponry will be the decisive strategic factor of the 21st century, Russia has striven mightily for a quarter-century to halt its development. Gorbachev tried to swindle Reagan out of the Strategic Defense Initiative at Reykjavik in 1986. Reagan refused. As did his successors -- Bush I, Clinton, Bush II.
Training is important at the Burnsville-based salon, where more than 300 employees are urged to attend two training sessions a year. Cole's spends about $240,000 on training annually and offers 107 internal and external training opportunities. The sessions, which range from haircutting to coloring techniques, have helped retain employees, said Jill Haugen, who organizes and schedules the training.
A little more than half a mile from the trailhead, you'll come to the remains of the observatory's base camp. Supplies purchased in nearby Wenden were stored here, then packed up to the observatory by burros.
It was an experience thousands didn't want to do.
Antibiotic drugs like penicillin are routinely mixed with animal feed and water to help livestock, pigs and chickens put on weight and stay healthy in crowded barns. Scientists have warned that such use leads to the growth of antibiotic-resistant germs that can be passed on to humans.
Buy one, donate one. Such a deal from One World Futbol ($39.95, oneworldfutbol.com), which gives the donated super-tough soccer/sports balls to organizations working with youth and young adults in war zones, refugee camps, inner cities and other harsh environments.
Elise Testone was the nicest surprise. She didn't seem all that impressive until the final moments of the preseason. That momentum carried through to a brilliant closing song Wednesday night.
"We got out; we saw this lady trapped. It was really scary — she was crying," Mulbah said.
Violence is why we love the sport. It's what makes you feel the game in your bones even through a flat-screen television. It's what makes it quintessentially American.
South Industrial Park Path Connection $1,207,701
The attorney general's office on Tuesday turned down The Oregonian's request for Energy Department records, saying that contract and related files are subject to an ongoing criminal investigation and are exempt from disclosure. The state Audits Division also turned down the newspaper's request for its review of Energy Department contracting practices, citing the criminal investigation.
46': GOAL TIMBERS. Eric Brunner -- the former Crew -- with the header. Kalif Alhassan on the assist. Jack Jewsbury took a quick free kick just outside the box. Alhassan sent the cross to Brunner. See video of the goal.
Yes, Yusef says, "Meyer and Charlie have stuff going on." That means, he's happy to say, that "I have more to do this season."
New York Way: Comprehensive guide to events, street eats, subways, etc. Free
One splurge-worthy wine was the 2007 Montelena Estate Cabernet Sauvignon, which I tasted at Chateau Montelena in Calistoga. This grand stone castle, which dates to the 1880s, is carved into a hillside overlooking a Chinese garden and lake. The wines I tasted inside the castle were equally opulent.
She was first elected to the Assembly in 1980 and elected to the Senate in 1992. She won the Republican nomination for lieutenant governor in 1994 but lost in the general election to Gray Davis. Term limits forced her out of office in 2000.
A foundation staff member tutored him in grade school and through middle school. Another staff member helped him navigate high school, fill out college applications and seek tuition funding.
"The goal is obvious: To build size and scale, and with that over time comes the opportunity to be a substantial company," LeBlanc said.
The architectural board wanted the separation of the coop from the addition, Vujnich said.
I'm all for building bridges, but honoring Warren, who insults Obama's base as perverts and murderers, is definitely a bridge too far.
Steelhead are available on the McKenzie, but overall it's been slow, even for trout.
"When do you think we're going to get naked?"
Unfazed, TriMet kept pushing. TriMet General Manager Neil McFarlane said the agency "got positive signals from many FTA officials" last fall about receiving the higher share.
Cities in Colorado and California with restrictions this loose have found themselves overwhelmed with more dispensaries than Starbucks coffee shops.
It would not be my last embarrassment covering federal courts.
They are also parents to daughter Harper Seven, 9 months.
Founded in 1984 as a New Jersey not-for-profit corporation, members meet Tuesdays at 7:45 p.m. at the Methodist Church at the corner of Main Street and Maple Avenue in Flemington. Singers hail from throughout New Jersey and Pennsylvania and range in age from early-teens to mid-80s. The chapter currently has approximately 51 members and five quartets. Guests are welcome to visit and sing with the chorus; membership is by audition. The Hunterdon Harmonizers rank in the top 15 of 99 chapters in the Mid-Atlantic District, and in the top 120 choruses out of 809 in the world.
The agency, which paid $1.1 million for the property, agreed to sell it to Cumberland for $500,000 - a price motivated, in part, by the prospect of bringing more businesses and public-transit users to the neighborhood through Pace's $15 million project.
The finalists for the people's choice award were not necessarily in contention for the editors' awards, which were also announced Feb. 15.
Runnells is a patronage pit extraordianaire! The list of the connected is too long to list here. In addition to the payroll the county contracts for outside services that could most likely be provided by existing staff within the county.
"They're looking from a legislative standpoint, not just the point of estate planning, but also with updating some of Ohio's kind of laws on vicious dogs designation and keeping exotic animals," she said. "So it's definitely a happening area at the state bar association level right now."
No. 4 Saint Mary's 67, Pepperdine 63
More than 2,000 people (and counting) who have already joined azcentral.com on the social networking site are already the experts at their table when they check in at a restaurant.
For way too long, we've had a financial system that was stacked against ordinary Americans. Banks on Wall Street played by different rules than businesses on Main Street. They played by different rules than a lot of community banks who were doing the right thing across the country -- hidden fees, fine print that led consumers to make financial decisions that they didn't always understand.
"The City Council has been very supportive of this project," said Jim Hartshorn, West St. Paul's community development director. "There is definitely a market for senior housing."
Frank, 39, is also glad to help journalists who stammer like flummoxed tourists to categorize her. "I'm a Berkeley gringa, Latino, Peruvian, Chinese, Lithuanian Jew, deaf, short composer!" she says, laughing.
Douglas Franklin Jones, 56, was found dead in a wooded area from what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound; a handgun was found nearby, according to Sherry Llewellyn, spokeswoman for the Howard County Police Department.
Missouri State also returns senior infielder Travis McCormack (De Soto), who batted .288, plus junior outfielder Keenen Maddox (Parkway West) and his .282 average, as well as sophomore outfielder Trey Massenberg (Lutheran North), who hit .229.
Typically, companies that make a lot of money from government work make frequent contributions to political funds controlled by party bosses, helping their favored candidates spend enough cash to stay in office, from town hall up to the State House.
How to give:
"Again, I'd love to have Jeremy out there on the floor in uniform," Woodson said. "Don't get me wrong, guys. Jeremy is a big piece of our team. But if the doctors say, 'Mike, we're taking a chance; he shouldn't be out there playing,' I can't be that selfish and say, 'Son, put on a uniform and play.' I mean, I just can't do that."
In the 1980s, conservatives charged that the Democratic Congress was frustrating the Republican president's efforts to limit government. In the next decade, they said the Democratic president was frustrating the Republican Congress' efforts to rein in federal spending. Then, for the first time in 50 years, Republicans controlled both Congress and the presidency from 2003 through 2006 -- and real federal spending increased 10%.
Heaven Ringle, 16, and partner Meagan Silvan, 15, "talk" silently to each other while other students sign dialogues too they wrote to practice their vocabulary.
<U+0095> Presbyterian Church. General Assembly voted 420-205 July 8 to "refrain from holding national meetings in states where travel by immigrant Presbyterians or Presbyterians of color might subject them to harassment due to legislation."
But Tuesday is not a firm deadline, said Helen Burt, PG&E's senior vice president and chief customer officer.
SUNDAY, OCT. 11
Former Sen. Jean Carnahan discusses her humorous take on aging when she signs "A Little Help From My Friends" tonight.
Any new flare up with Iran could drive prices higher. And should the refineries fail to find a buyer, the loss of capacity would squeeze supplies, said Mr. Cohan.
Westminster's philosophy embraces that broader world view.
“When Cervantes goes off to face the Inquisition with his manuscript, even the prisoners have softened their attitudes. They too have learned something about caring.”
Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos says the Greek economy will contract 5.3 percent this year, much more than previously expected, but emergency measures such as a new property tax will plug a revenue shortfall.
The eventual winner will be announced June 20 at the NHL Awards Show in Las Vegas.
Why it's good for Disney
One positive sign: applications for building permits, considered a good indication of future activity, rose 11 percent in October. The increase was led by a
An entire plane of passengers sleeping in the horizontal position would mean airlines have trashed their steerage-class cabins, which probably violated several articles of the Geneva Convention, anyway.
Most recently, the company lowered its profit forecast on Thursday, saying it expects its sales to grow more slowly. In response investors abandoned its shares.
The first in what is likely to be a series of difficult -- and controversial -- decisions on how to move forward with the case will not come until after the evidence is reviewed by the Marion County prosecutor.
Simpson's Round 2 heat never really got going, though he had moments of slashing surfing on the Backdoor portion of Pipeline, where the surf breaks to the right. He snapped his board, which caused blood to run down one shin. Simpson struggled to get back into the competion. He ended up losing his heat to Australian Matt Wilkinson, which ended Simpson's first World Tour season.
The big hit of the inning was a two-run double by Adele Linderman, who scored on a sacrifice fly by Mandy Weber.
The investigation is being led by Ohio and these other states:
1935 ... Giants 21, at Brooklyn Dodgers 0
"She has a different view of her job" from her predecessors, Vega said. In Alsop's mind, "her role is bigger than being a leader in the orchestra. She's a leader in the community. She has a different view of what it is to be a maestra. It's a different mind-set."
Bossi says he knows that teams are negatively recruiting against Kansas with the ammo of one-and-done players Xavier Henry and Josh Selby not being showcased enough at KU.
But in the self-described "rant" dated Thursday and signed "Joe Stack (1956-2010)," the author fumed about the IRS and wrote, "Nothing changes unless there is a body count."
Position: Power forward.
"Luckily, it's remained steady," said planner manager Rachael Fullenwider. "We'd lose one or two and then gain one or two when people were trying to find another source of work. When there were so many buildings going up, they didn't have to have this outlet; they were just handed jobs."
NORTON SCHOOLS
Phoenix police declined to say how many officers it will have at the event, but the agency and the Arizona Department of Public Safety were expected to staff up in case larger-than-expected crowds materialize.
Eight officers came from the Edison Police Department, seven from Paterson. Six more traveled from Franklin Township in Somerset County, Colao’s prescription records from Lowen’s Pharmacy show.
Family members watched from a side aisle about 75 feet from the altar, he said.
This production should have plenty of appeal for people who don't usually go to the theater but do enjoy a good police drama on TV. Huff - who has written for "Mad Men" and is working on a new Kevin Spacey drama - gives his stage play the speedy tension of a form of entertainment we usually enjoy at home.
"All we need is a true round-table discussion where a clear plan to keep this open comes out," Thomsen said in a statement.
Yet, with a handful of employees in a small office in Reno in a company subsidiary named Braeburn Capital, Apple has done something central to its corporate strategy: It has avoided millions of dollars in taxes in California and 20 other states.
"At first it was really a treasure hunt," Bornstein says. "The exhilaration of discovery and the disappointment of not finding something. I found things I wasn't looking for, that I never expected."
"The longer the counties go without certainty, it makes it much more difficult for them to put their budgets together," said Andrea Mansfield, legislative director for the Maryland Association of Counties.
It's the guy with the best matchup. Or the guy with the hot hand. The guy who's open. Most of the time, that will be Granger. On Saturday, it was West, though the Pacers fell short against the Sixers.
While things are looking bleak in Gotham, the Red Bulls remain at No. 8 in this week's Sporting News power rankings, which once again are topped by Sporting Kansas City, which was idle last weekend. But several other clubs are closing fast.
The church was crammed with the biggest names in Maryland politics, past and present. Governors. Senators. Members of Congress. Mayors and other leaders in city and state government.
9. Ronny Cedeno, SS
Although Tom Thibodeau said Derrick Rose is in "good spirits" and is eager to be around his teammates again, the Bulls coach didn't know whether or not his injured point guard would be able to attend Game 2 of the Bulls first-round playoff series against the Sixers tonight at the United Center.
Nick Jonjevic, 31, has the chops for an ambitious culinary career. He spent the past year updating Powell Gardens<U+FFFD> catering and restaurant operations, but his kitchen was largely hidden from view. Recently, he was lured away by Marshall Roth, executive chef of the McClain Group, which owns several destination restaurants on the historic Independence Square. Ending one job on a Sunday, he took the reins as executive chef of Ophelia<U+FFFD>s the next day. Jonjevic, who grew up on a family farm in Michigan before graduating from the Culinary Institute of America, describes his cooking style as <U+FFFD>French meets Midwest comfort food.<U+FFFD> But the results can be surprising and unexpected. For instance, at a spring theater benefit he served a broccoli terrine in aspic, a classic dish popular before the turn of the last century and a luxury so laborious to make that it was reserved for honored guests. At least until instant Jell-O came along.
"I am so excited for my home town and for education," she said.
"ParaNorman" (Aug. 17), a stop-motion-animation tale of a boy who faces off against ghosts and goblins to overcome (yet another) curse, features the voices of Anna Kendrick, John Goodman and Casey Affleck.
Referring to the dispute with CP-SPE, Watson said "that's all been worked through."
During a team dinner Friday night in Milwaukee, Nets coach Avery Johnson showed the team a video of rookie forward Jordan Williams working out during training camp, when a then out-of-shape Williams couldn’t make it into the court, and eventually suffered through a bout of dehydration.
Quarterfinals: Nov. 11-12
Inaction by the Missouri legislature in its last session likely will cost Circle Of Concern's food pantry $20,000 or more in income and could hit other pantries just as hard.
One event, however, will take the foreground. The GSA will host the first Green Sports Summit, in which sports leaders will share their successes, Aug. 1-3 in Portland.
Tasters: Medical reporter Brie Zeltner, environment reporter Mike Scott, photographers Lonnie Timmons III and Joshua Gunter.
Daniel Ely, a New Windsor resident, is already organizing opposition to a rail spur, which he said would cross wetlands and a stream. He also criticizes Lehigh's environmental record, noting a 10-fold spike in mercury emissions over the course of one year in 2007. The company has since reduced emissions from that high mark by more than half.
Some restaurants remained open Tuesday, but in many cases patrons could not reach them until the water had lowered through drains that in some instances seemed clogged.
"He was sick," defensive backs coach Mike Rutenberg said. "I mean sick, sick, where they had to put him in his own room. He didn't come to any kind of meeting. I saw him at dinner, and he just was like, 'Coach, I feel terrible,' and he looked terrible.
Unlike most of their fellow students, Claudio and Candon Farias have children — two boys, ages 2 and 6. Engel mentioned in the post she had a child.
Judd's Muffler Repair Shop will host a Car Wash on April 7, 3725 Center Road in Brunswick.
The pregnancy period for a thoroughbred lasts about 11 months.
After a year on the junior varsity and a second season with the varsity, the committee in March denied Keeling permission to play next fall. An April decision by the panel's appeals committee affirmed the original decision, and said it did not consider his size and strength as potential criteria for being disqualified.
How much do you want to spend on the shower? Who is contributing? First, find out how much money you have to work with, then pick a location and theme. It should not break the budget of attendants, as they also will be expected to spend money on other details.
However, my current relationship has a definite expiration date on the horizon. Am I wasting my time by waiting around for my relationship to run its course? Or would it be selfish to end things now? -- Torn
Senior David Nicholson led the way in the victory with 13 points for Arundel (22-1), including a trio of 3-pointers. Nicholson was joined in double figures by Ryan Hill (11 points) and Austin Carroll (10).
Riley remembers when the stricken Cardinal was taking on water, going 1-11 in 2006 which led to the firing of Walt Harris.
Cast: Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Emma Stone.
There was more frustration left. The Blazers had a chance to force overtime, trailing 84-81 after Terry made a midrange jumper with 12.9 seconds left. After a hectic play in which the ball was stripped, chased and deflected out of bounds off Dallas, the Blazers had 3.7 seconds left.
“When we were growing up, he would never tell us if he was righty or lefty,” she says, thinking back to the countless tosses they had in the backyards of her youth. “My brothers and I had to figure that one out. We’re pretty sure he was righty.”
"What made them so different from their societies, whose members overwhelmingly stood by and watched the horror unfold with utter indifference?" asked United States Holocaust Memorial Council chairman Tom A. Bernstein. "Some speculate they were independent thinkers, who did not look to society to make their decisions but had an inner moral compass that guided them to do the right thing"
The renewal fee will be $48 for eight years, the same rate per year as the $24 for four years now.
“To go back and compare this budget in detail with a budget four years ago is an exercise you can assign to some public administration class,” Ricci said. “I’m not going to do it. I don’t have the time or inclination to do that.”
New Jersey’s western and southern inland regions won’t be hit as hard as other parts of the state, but they won’t be spared either. The weather service issued a winter storm warning for these areas.
"There's a lot of drama at school," said Charlotte Thomas, 12, of Short Hills, N.J.
The committee could also recommend raising taxes, and half of the cuts are poised to come from the Defense and Homeland Security departments.
6. Albariño: the new/old hot whites from Spain. The wines will have citrus and softer peach tones with good tartness and sometimes an underlying bite.
"It's getting worse," said Skinner, who lives in Camden's Waterfront South neighborhood. "We don't have enough cops."
Here, where the main street is reserved for pedestrians, one easily feels a part of local life. The area is bounded by the Passetto, the elevated passageway for the pope to make his way from the Vatican to the safety of Castel Sant'Angelo in times of attack. In the shadow of the Dome of Saint Peter's and the stout Vatican walls, we retreated, footsore and overwhelmed by sightseeing, to investigate the neighborhood pastry shops and restaurants - a delightful experience.
This contagion of executive willfulness is not confined to the federal government or to Democrats. In Virginia, the Republican attorney general has just issued an opinion allowing police to ask about one's immigration status when stopped for some other reason (e.g., a traffic violation). Heretofore, police could inquire only upon arrest and imprisonment.
Radical solutions have been floated by Christie’s transition team, led by one of his closest advisers, Mike DuHaime. Among them: Consider abolishing the Sports and Exposition Authority and the Highlands Council, and folding several agencies into the Economic Development Authority.
Lieu said Tuesday that the measure would regulate a form of therapy that has "no medical basis."
But for this year ... well, damn. This should fun.
The vigil began on April 19 as part of the large protests at the Capitol after the Legislature passed the immigration bill.
Parkway West charged from behind to win the final event of the meet and edge Hannibal 182-176 for a state-record 12th overall team crown.
The victory was the 10th in a row at home for MU (3-3 overall, 1-2 Big 12) and its fifth in a row over Iowa State (3-3, 0-3).
HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS' GOLF
But he -- this is not an either/or proposition. This is a both/and. He will both work cooperatively with Congress, as he has in the past, to take measures to help grow the economy and create jobs, and he will act when Congress won't, using his executive authority, working with the private sector, to do everything he can within his authority to help the American people.
"Gosnell's approach, whenever possible, was to force full labor and delivery of premature infants on ill-informed women," the report says. "When you perform late-term 'abortions' by inducing labor, you get babies. Live, breathing, squirming babies. . . . Gosnell had a simple solution: he killed them. . . . by sticking scissors into the back of the baby's neck and cutting the spinal cord."
The lion was one of a pair of gold lion statues that had sat in their yard for decades.
Optional: 1 cup cooked black beans, rinsed
But nowhere was Greer's version of "inclusion" better on display than at the past Republican National Convention. That was where Florida sported one of the least diverse delegations in modern history — and the country. Out of 114 delegates, three were black. There were also so few women that on "Ladies Night" at the convention — an evening meant to show support for Sarah Palin by asking all the female delegates to sit up front — Florida's delegation didn't even have enough to fill the seats. They had to recruit non-delegate seat-fillers to help out.
The Players Championship begins Thursday at the TPC Sawgrass, with K.J. Choi as the defending champion. Others who previously withdrew from the tournament include Masters champion Bubba Watson, who wants to spend time with his new son. Dustin Johnson and Anthony Kim are not playing because of injuries.
That's a likely signal that the plant, slated to close in 2011, won't be shut early.
Hobbies: Wakeboarding, snowboarding, traveling
Schreiner, who conducted Faria's funeral on Tuesday, said she left "a legacy of joy, choosing the positive and serving others."
1624 WHITEHIRST MANOR $171,000
Officials with the Bay Restoration Fund Advisory Committee have floated the possibility of local users picking up the cost of the Back River upgrade if legislators don't approve a fee increase. Baltimore area residents have paid into the sewage fund for years. That money has helped other plants get improvements, a few of them local. They shouldn't have to shoulder more of the cost of the Back River improvements than originally planned.
While enjoying a Waldorf salad ("like a 95-year-old woman," she says), Dunham exhibits only easy modesty and relentless curiosity. The ebbs and flows of good and bad reviews that have punctuated her parents' careers, she says, has conditioned her to take success skeptically.
During the war, the Greater Buffalo cruise ship was converted into an aircraft carrier for training future pilots. It operated on the Great Lakes.
LAKEWOOD — After Jahmell Crockam was convicted Thursday for the murder of Lakewood police officer Christopher Matlosz and the tears were shed and hugs were shared, Kelly Walsifer took a moment for herself outside the Ocean County Courthouse.
Carolee Condon, a county real estate agent, said negotiations with the owners have reached an impasse, and they are $62,000 apart for each property. She did not reveal how much was offered. She said she is preparing a report for the Board of Supervisors who will decide on one of three courses of action: accept the owners’ counter offer; abandon the project; or set a public hearing to determine whether or not people want to initiate eminent domain proceedings to have the value of the property determined in court.
Airport is expected to be back in business Sunday - but not at full strength.
It’s a weird game.
PolitiFact Ohio thought the robust figures Dovilla cited were worth a look, particularly since Kasich’s overhaul of the Department of Development has been a source of constant skepticism from Democrats from the beginning.
But unlike Beldini’s case, where jurors never saw money directly change hands, the jury in Van Pelt’s trial watched a video of the legislator taking an envelope stuffed with cash.
There's no question about Dave's stance on gentrification. Disgust dripping from his voice, he rails against the "new folk" who spend $1.5 million for dilapidated fishing camps, only to tear them down and replace them with sprawling "Florida-style" homes.
“The Children’s Hour,” an award-winning play written by Lillian Hellman in 1934, is definitely a play worth talking about, said Flaster, the show’s director.
But neither coach cared about either race.
A. Yeah, I don't have as big a stage, thank goodness. But that's a good way to be. It's more fun when it's a real workout. You want to come offstage dripping sweat, and feeling like you did something.
"Too many turnovers," Matthews said, noting Portland's 16 giveaways. "We were giving the ball away. We beat ourselves."
Debra J. Saunders: Who was at fault in the UC Davis pepper spray incident? The students E2 | Editorial: Obama should be more judicious in using drone strikes E10
Hire more caseworkers, case aides and parent aides, who assist caseworkers with transportation and foster-care placement and supervise visits between parents and children. There are months-long waiting lists to receive assistance from these aides, so caseworkers often perform the tasks themselves or the required visits do not happen.
But as the weigh-in continues, the other contestants rack up good numbers. At the end, Irene has fallen below the yellow line, along with Kaylee, who gained two pounds this week. With the lowest percentage of weight lost, they're up for elimination. At the vote, Irene's friendship with sisters Hannah and Olivia (much less of a Chatty Cathy this week, hallelujah) holds her in good stead. Austin votes for Irene to go, but Olivia and Hannah vote to keep her, which is enough to keep Irene safe for another week.
Order the KC strip steak at the Rieger and you not only get a beautifully prepared steak with smoked butter and fleur de sel, sweet potatoes and roasted kale, you get it for $26 instead of $36.
MAN patrols Osborn, which is near three other schools. And it just started organizing a patrol around Denby this year.
He has no problem with Santorum and Romney's opposition to the federal auto bailout because he feels GM and Chrysler would never have been liquidated in a public bankruptcy, even without federal help.
Indeed, the "sport" that had welcomed guys like the Living Legend, and that he in turn had helped define as mainstream entertainment, ultimately left him behind.
But it is the flood of cash into European banks that is the centerpiece of Mr. Draghi's stepped-up response to the debt crisis.
“In a Gingrich administration, we would not keep talking while the Iranians keep building,” Gingrich said. “We would indicate clearly that their failure to stop their program is in fact crossing a red line. The red line is not the morning the bomb goes off. The red line is not the morning our intelligence community tells us they’ve failed once again. The red line is now.”
“We moved the ball very well. Austin’s getting better each week. He’s a real threat running the football. We’ve developed a situation where were can create personnel matchups.”
“It’s like Greek tragedy,” agreed Bobby Goldstein, a Dallas attorney who created the gotcha reality show “Cheaters,” which specializes in catching straying spouses in the act.
The high court is expected to issue a decision early next summer. Regardless of what the court does, it will ignite the rhetoric in campaigns for the White House and Congress.
The accident was the second pedestrian fatality in three days along Central Avenue.
Whatever those factors are, and however many there are, they ought to be identified and eliminated, Emken said. In addition to the impact on families, there is the issue of money, estimated at $3.2 million over the lifetime of a child with autism.
Mandy said she and Tor are trying to do what they should do, even if it's not necessarily what they want to do.
The deal is the latest example of Akron Children's strategic plan to aggressively expand throughout eastern Ohio.
Then: Hawks, 48, had made as much as $400,000 a year as a franchise consultant but was laid off shortly before her money makeover in June 2007. The single mother didn't have time to attend to her finances. She didn't open bank statements and couldn't say whether her bank account contained $10,000 or $100,000. She had lost 16 years of appreciation in one $100,000 retirement account by not managing it.
John Seewer, Associated Press
Buckingham hopes to grow her Chicago-based business, hire more
“Get the Gringo” also boasts an impressive amount of Mexican talent in front of and behind the camera and a strong supporting cast (Daniel Gimenez Cacho, Peter Stormare, Bob Gunton, Peter Gerety). Leading man Gibson carries the movie with aplomb and brings his usual mix of machismo, masochism, irreverence and one-liners. When asked for his name by a brutish policeman while still in the clown makeup, Gibson responds, “Bozo.”
A: Please, never use that pest fellow. Rodenticides (poisons) are very dangerous for all animals, or they wouldn't kill mice. Any product that will kill an animal will certainly affect another animal. Maybe it wouldn't kill the dog, but it could make the dog very sick. Is that an option? I would hope not. Never use rodenticides anywhere for any pest.
Cause of the fire is still under investigation, Rowley said, adding that the actual cause may never be known. He said that sometimes bales are moved to the area that are still quite hot, but <U+0093>there are a lot of different theories.<U+0094>
Now 25, Walla played as a Texas Longhorn, bounced around from coast to coast as an instructor, lived — for free — in a clubhouse and has landed outside of Palm Springs, Calif. For her, Jacques, Shockley and Tait, they didn't have the advantages of playing year-round like other golfers in, say, Arizona, California and Florida.
Cisco's restructuring, which included Chambers firing thousands of workers last year and eliminating divisions such as the Flip video-camera unit, has made the company more focused and effective, Ader said. The company's plan to be more competitive on price has put pressure on rivals such as Hewlett-Packard Co. and Juniper Networks Inc., while its market dominance has let it tap long-standing relationships with corporations and service providers.
One of the most exotic and enticing offerings at farmers markets this year is the green tea grown by Sandra Newman in Lompoc, which she is now selling at her Forbidden Fruit Orchards stand at the Wednesday Santa Monica market.
MANNINGTON TWP. — One of the tastiest competitions of the year took place here Thursday, as more than 60 rich, chocolate desserts were displayed for judging at the Salem County Career and Technical High School during the annual Chocolate Competition.
The "Starlet or Streetwalker?" segment on Joan Rivers' "Fashion Police" show on E! comes to mind when I see a woman in these short shorts. Even stars with stylists and perfect bodies are mistaken for strumpets when they sport this style.
The Wings had to kill off over a minute's worth of a two-man Nashville power play in the first period, and found their penalty killers put to work over and over -- and over. They did such a good job they allowed Nashville only seven shots on six power play chances.
This weekend, while the Orioles were in Anaheim, Calif., playing the Los Angeles Angels, executive vice president Dan Duquette met with Jones' agent, Nez Balelo, who is based primarily out of Los Angeles. Duquette would not go into specifics, suggesting it was nothing more than one of several touching-base sessions he had in California.
he Rays offense got going early for their third preseason win of the season. JJ Townsend led the team with three RBIs. Leadoff hitter Gino Venturi led the Rays with three runs scored. Naylen Hobson belted two doubles past the Cardinals defense. On the mound, Reyes and Gordon combined to allow one run to the Cardinals. While at the plate, Reyes and Gordon both drove in two runs and scored twice.
There is no melodrama in "No Time Like the Present"; there is really no drama, either, just a series of small personal/political crises. The novel seems to have been written in great haste, without correction or revision. Gordimer writes an artless, jargon-ridden, run-on prose, full of political pamphlet language:
She said: ''Maybe it's because I'm 30 or maybe it's because I'm a mom, but I don't think romance is always about swinging from chandeliers (although it's nice from time to time). It's really about the small gestures too. Recently when filming a movie in Atlanta, Cash surprised me by having a beautiful bouquet of flowers delivered to the set. It was a simple, heartfelt surprise that let me know he was thinking of me during my time away from home. I loved it. He also takes over middle-of-the-night feedings, tends to fevers, and takes the girls to the park without me having to ask because he knows I need a break. All these things add to our romance.''
With its vivid orange tables adorned with real red roses resting their lovely heads on bottles of soy sauce and sriracha, and with burgundy and mustard walls adorned with chalky white plaster of Paris hands and gaudy carnival masks, we're not sure what the inspiration is for the decor.
A Cooper spokeswoman said Clayton was not listed as a patient, likely indicating he'd been released.
East-West Gateway was designed to forge consensus on large and complicated regional projects. Votes are allocated evenly between Missouri and Illinois. Elected officials must appear at meetings; they cannot send proxies.
When asked about Brady, Rolle said: “I don’t think you can actually take his strengths away from him. We just have to be exceptionally good at what we’re doing.”
California is one of only 20 states that has personal belief exemptions. There is a vast amount of misleading information online about immunizations or vaccines. Immunizations are the greatest advance in the past century in prevention of disease and associated disability and death in our country. Vaccines do not cause autism. Reactions to vaccines are uncommon. Vaccines or immunizations save lives.
In the year after making those changes, Levy said his hospital avoided more than 300 pneumonia cases, saving $12 million dollars and nearly 100 lives.
Over the years, PVSC employees and commissioners have given more than $100,000 in contributions to elected officials — both Democratic and Republican, according to election finance reports.
Keudell (3-3) allowed four hits and issued two walks, while picking off two runners.
Until then, the spotlight will again hover on two former colleagues who, despite a seeming mutual respect and shared 2006 national-title rings, don't seem all that interested in being best buddies.
"People will bring children in, and the children will be successfully treated, and then the mom will see other adult patients in the office and recognize that she can have something done," Graber says. "Then they'll pull Dad in. That is not an uncommon sequence."
Murphy said rising productivity, caused in part by automation, costs jobs in U.S. manufacturing. Even if one wants to tie the loss of U.S. jobs to the trade deficit, Mexico doesn't show up as a culprit, he said.
Diabetic exchanges per serving: 1/2 fat.
Best smackdown: This one was delivered by Seminole County Supervisor of Elections Mike Ertel, who was there as a neutral party to talk about the effect on local ballots. Houck had just trotted out another development-lobby talking point, about how Hometown Democracy would confuse all the poor, uninformed voters. To which Ertel responded that Americans cast ballots for the most important office on Earth — the presidency — based upon simply the first and last name of the candidates. "If we can elect a president based upon two words," said the GOP elections supervisor, "I think we can all do it based on up to 75."
Kyle Busch finished second. Dale Earnhardt Jr. added to his good start to the season, placing third.
øAfter talking to dozens of employers about what goes on in job interviews at their companies, they made one thing clear: Too many job hunters blow it by discussing things you wouldn't talk about with strangers - let alone a hiring manager in a job interview.
MACKENZIE: Water stained; 70-76 degrees; 86.88' low. Black bass are fair to good on drop shot rigs, Texas rigs, spinnerbaits and shakyheads. Striped bass are fair on live shad. Catfish are fair on nightcrawlers. Ramp No. 1 is still open.
COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- Oregon long jumper Jamesha Youngblood rebounded from a shaky preliminary series with three good jumps in the finals to finish third overall with a best mark of 20 feet 11 3/4.
Goulet, who was present, said the light on Millington's K2 electromagnetic-field meter started flashing.
In Thursday's statement, Petrino acknowledged that he had kept quiet about Dorrell.
But that wasn't easy even before the prostitution embarrassment in Colombia, which arose the morning of April 12 when a Secret Service officer and a prostitute publicly argued over payment in a hotel hallway. A dozen Secret Service employees and a dozen military personnel have been implicated. Although Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said it appeared to be isolated, the agency has since confirmed it's investigating if employees hired prostitutes and strippers ahead of President Barack Obama's visit to El Salvador last year.
Who knows, maybe the Blues will get lucky and someone will decide to try to "open the Roman Polak door."
Michelle Shocked. 8 p.m. Kent Stage. $20-$25.
If the curbs are lifted prematurely, he added, "there will be chaos in China's housing sector."
Marburger: Let me be -- let me make sure I understand your question. You don't have an understanding of what a photocopying machine is?
The deejay hasn't even plugged in the amps at this party but spirited sounds of discord are already being heard loud and clear.
The Cougars went 6-10-2 in 2011 and missed the C-USA Tournament. Houston made the conference tournament once in five seasons under Quill, doing so in 2010 and reaching the semifinals of the tournament.
Now stores and shopping-center landlords see cell phones as a path to influencing what people buy, how long they shop and how much they spend.
The animal league’s lawyer, Doris Lin, said, “Of course we’re disappointed.”
Melanie Pirro, 45, Brecksville
Larry Dale Martocci, 19, of Saylorsburg, Pa., was sentenced to six years in prison and Michael Elias, 19, of Monroe Township, was sentenced to four years in prison for their parts in the sale of more than 100 milligrams, or more than 100 doses, of the hallucinogenic drug to a person cooperating with the prosecutor’s Gangs, Guns and Narcotics Task Force.
Another question is why the British government asked for a probe of Mr. Heywood's death when his family hasn't, an unusual situation for consular matters, in which precedence is usually given to the family's wishes.
In Moscow, the mood was resolutely pro-government, as 100,000 people — including President Dmitry Medvedev and President-elect Putin — took part in the main May Day march.
Now if this were a Cinnabon challenge, that I could get into. But it's not.
The city had actually received a letter early last month concerning early closings.
(On where his nasty streak comes from):
But others were ready to see the stadium built.
-- Takes away self-consciousness about lint, dandruff and fur shed by your Great Pyrenees dog.
"We need to be sure that we’re protecting this man’s rights throughout the proceedings," Sims said. "The judge, the defense, the state -- we all had a right to know what was going on. If that affected her ability to be fair in this trial we should have known."
The Madison Square Garden Co. said Monday that it agreed to a multi-year deal under which the cable operator will carry its networks MSG, MSG+ and Fuse.
The Clippers (30-21) won after Chris Paul made a driving layup with 5.0 seconds left to cap a night when he had 20 points and 14 assists. The Blazers (24-28) missed a chance to win when a driving left-handed layup by Wesley Matthews missed short. Matthews argued that he was fouled on his shot.
"No, right now, " SubTerra official Mark Pierpont said he told them, not wanting lingering suspicions that he had spent a day hiding a stash of marijuana.
Treasury hopes to get back more taxpayer money through an initial public offering of the former General Motors finance arm, which received $17.2 billion during the financial crisis. The government owns 74 percent of the company through holdings of common stock.
ø"The surge in hiring and spending that usually occurs in March through April, occurred earlier in the year this year," said Orlando. "We have to wait for economic numbers from May and June to get a better idea of the underlying strength of this economy."
And would you like to guess how much time — during a half-hour workshop — the planning staff dedicated to describing the potential benefits of the amendment?
Chalker, too, got a standing ovation.
Oakville wasn't much better. The Tigers made seven of 13 and struggled from the field, hitting 12 of 40 shots. Their two top offensive players -- Norberg and Thompson -- are freshmen.
Neftali Feliz (3-1), the closer-turned-starter for Texas, struck out five while allowing two runs and four hits over six innings.
Opening statements took place Thursday.
The federal government has been expanding its disaster assistance to the state in the week after Hurricane Irene hit, and officials announced on Saturday that residents and businesses in 16 counties can now apply for federal disaster relief. Damage assessments are still being conducted in Burlington, Hudson, Mercer, Ocean and Union counties, the governor's office said.
So started my search for countries with stellar surf, like a treasure hunt where I could discover the world's waves. I quickly started checking places off my list: New Zealand, Australia, Mexico ... .
Wasserman Schultz also downplayed any optics issues linked to the Bank of America name being on the stadium, home to the NFL's Carolina Panthers.
Under a legal agreement with Mayeri, Berkeley Patients Group must cease operations at its location tomorrow and vacate the premises by June 1.
But when luck becomes your last hope, maybe it's time the Wings and a city spoiled by their success for two decades finally address an inescapable question.
The decision came at the close of a full day of hearings on various court motions Tuesday, which included the testimony of a former Baltimore Jewish Times reporter, who shared an unedited version of an article he wrote with prosecutors, chronicling some of younger brother Avi's alleged involvement in the incident.
In late June, the agency prohibited operators from recording videos while on the job after receiving complaints about Al Margulies, who runs the Rantings of a TriMet Driver blog. Last year, a post on the same blog led the agency to restrict employees from recording other employees and riders without consent.
In the end, none of the requests received funding, according to the Minnesota Department of Transportation. Bachmann continues to blast the stimulus, saying in her State of the Union response in January that "the president's strategy for recovery was to spend a trillion dollars on a failed stimulus program, fueled by borrowed money."
Funny people in funny situations deliver funny lines with, thanks to director Tim ("Barbershop") Story, zippy timing in this somewhat overlong but still hilarious romp through the world of "Players," "Mama's Boys" and "90-Day-Rule Girls."
Asked about how much Roy will play Thursday, McMillan said: "He's going to play his role, which is coming off the bench. And we'll see. There wasn't any minutes promised or anything like that. All of our guys want to play minutes."
Emerson sparred with Mohammed in a 2003 episode of "The Abrams Report" on MSNBC over the indictment of then-University of South Florida professor Sami Al-Arian. Arian faced several charges related to involvement with a terrorist organization. Emerson called evidence that Arian was supporting terrorism "unambiguous." Mohammed called the case a "witch-hunt."
Advanced Technology and Education Park (ATEP)
And from Turkey, via his Twitter account, Allen Iverson wrote: "The world has truly lost a great man who will be sorely missed."
The Los Angeles Times Festival of Books -- one of the nation's premier public literary festivals -- was created in 1996 by The Times to promote literacy and to bring together those who create books with the people who love to read them. It is presented in association with UCLA.
No, Geronimo! O, doom in Oregon!
The Brookings Institution study, funded by the Casey foundation, said such a focus could reverse a regional trend of low-wage jobs multiplying faster than better-paying positions. The shift has been obscured by the area's overall high median household income.
The 18th century bookseller John Holdsworth is not one of these devoted ghost hunters in Andrew Taylor's absorbing new novel "The Anatomy of Ghosts" (Hyperion: 412 pp., $24.99). He's an accidental one. How so? He needs work. He doesn't have a place to stay. In fact, he's been at wit's end since his young son Georgie's accidental drowning and, not long after, his wife Maria's suicide.
There has been some belief that Phoenix is still considering an option of not trading Stoudemire -- they pulled him off the trade market in the final days before the deadline last year -- and hold out hope they could work something out in the summer. The Suns have won six of their last seven games heading into Wednesday night.
For their part, organizers are delighted but not shocked by the surge in interest. Staph described the response as the culmination of a multiyear effort. "It's just a matter of execution," he said.
No intense lecture on iambic pentameter is planned (although Cuoco has been reading Helen Vendler's comprehensive "The Art of Shakespeare's Sonnets").
Larson began shooting photographs in earnest after traveling to Europe to study art history in 1969.
April showers may bring May flowers, but this year in New Jersey, winter snowing has prompted a late-spring mowing — of the waist-high grass in highway medians.
Either Obama's staffers are so consumed with other matters that they failed to focus on what was happening down South. Or, they know they don't have to worry about untoward treatment by the media.
The National Security Agency says it found top-secret information on hard drives that were seized in a failed espionage probe, and the agency is refusing to release the computers — despite the continued protests of their owners.
George F. Crosoli Jr., was listed in serious condition when he was flown to the Oregon Burn Center at Legacy Emanuel Medical Center on Monday afternoon. Crosoli was released on Thursday and the blast also killed 200 quail that were in a barn with him.
"I'm broke, and my line of credit is at its limit," he laments. "It's really hard, because I had a dream, and I poured everything into it."
The Crusaders took hold of the game in the first quarter by grabbing a 14-6 lead. But Burroughs got just enough scoring to trim the lead to 23-18 at the half despite starting guard Ezekiel Elliott riding the bench with three fouls.
There was something about this 18-month-old dog Merit, who kept circling Chapman. This could be the one, the dog who could help him feel normal again.
MAGNET, "New Market Initiative": 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Gateway Event & Conference Center5441 Global GatewayNorth Canton. $75. To register go to tinyurl.com/yh7axgl to register or call Linda Barita, 216-391-7766.
"Obviously, these men were looking for discretion, and that's why they paid so much money to find somebody to talk to, to take out to dinner," Pak said with a straight face. "To make sure . . . whatever the case may be."
Minnesota would be foolish not to at least entertain feelers from the Browns and Dolphins. Among other teams that might be interested in Tannehill: the Buffalo Bills, who are at No. 10. The Bills have spent a lot of money on Ryan Fitzpatrick but could be getting restless already.
Scripture paints an entirely different picture. Scripture tells us that our value is given to us, not achieved by us. It places more emphasis on what we have in common with others than on what sets us apart. Our worth as human beings derives from what God did in creating and redeeming us, not through anything we do. It is in our ordinariness, in the things over which we have no control, that we are closest to God and to one another. That certainly helps put all our worries, all our decisions, all our aspirations, in perspective.
Details: 8 p.m. Friday, June 8. Wild Horse Pass Hotel & Casino, 5040 Wild Horse Pass Blvd., Chandler. $35-$99. 800-946-4452, wingilariver.com.
Gunnar declined comment, and the crowd offered thunderous applause.
Nicknamed "America's oldest teenager" for his fresh-scrubbed look, Clark and "American Bandstand" not only gave young fans what they wanted, it gave their parents a measure of assurance that this new music craze was not as scruffy or as scary as they feared. Buttoned-down and always upbeat, polite and polished, Clark came across more like an articulate graduate student than a carnival barker.
The shooting of the officer, Katrina Owens, was one of four that occurred during a 40-minute spate of gunfire that began just after midnight. When it was over, three people were dead and two others were hospitalized with non-life threatening injuries. None of the attacks was related, Newark authorities said.
I lost a chance for preseason workouts. Also, all NBA facilities were off limits to players and free agents during that time.
SafeSplash Swim Schools
KidzVuz is a social media start-up aimed at teaching kids how to create content at an early age. Kids create a profile with a handle (say, "GossipGirl") but no name, and parents have to approve the account. Kids then create video reviews of books, films, food and clothes. There is no private messaging, and comments are actively monitored for nastiness.
We don't advocate burying rubbish in landfills, but increased recycling is a far better and safer answer to the solid waste challenge. It's cheaper, too, if one factors in the high cost of the adverse health effects of trash burning. There's also an urgent need to reduce the amount of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases being pumped into the atmosphere. A coastal state like Maryland should be especially sensitive to the threat of rising ocean levels posed by climate change.
The alleged thefts came amid an overall rise in theft of metal throughout the county, but the prosecutor’s office received a tip that a group of Trenton men was solely responsible for taking the sewer tops. Prosecutor Joe Bocchini ordered his office’s Major Crimes section to put together a task force, which consisted of officers from Hamilton and Ewing along with county detectives.
Clear skies afforded an immaculate 360-degree view from the top, although it wasn't easy getting up there. After riding an elevator to the 90th floor, a small group of officials and journalists had to climb three steep ladders to reach the top platform.
Dia Frampton, Andrew Allen, Leah Lou 8:30 p.m. Feb. 14. $15.
Public safety at the Washington County Fair
The interpretations of "The Hunger Games," in comparison, don't fall neatly into one ideological or thematic camp.
Activities: Skis and snowshoes can be rented at the Mammoth Hot Springs hotel. Some of the best snow for skiing is past the wolf-watchers, along Soda Butte Creek on the way to Cooke City. The Mammoth visitor center has maps of ski trails and latest conditions.
The Starbucks card offers extra value to those who register their cards online. My Starbucks Rewards combines Starbucks Card Rewards and Starbucks Gold into one simpler, smarter program.
3 oz. club soda
What is fueling the lack of certainty? The NL has an absence of superior teams, in part because the Phillies are crumbling due to age/injury while Albert Pujols and Prince Fielder migrated to the other league.
Olsen posted 11 kills, numerous key blocks and the most dominant performance of the day as the Mesa Mountain View boys volleyball team won the Class 5A state championship with a surprisingly easy 25-23, 25-19, 25-19 win over Tucson Salpointe Catholic at Gilbert Campo Verde High School.
Mitt Romney supposedly beat Rick Santorum here with big help from suburban Ohio's Catholic voters.
At the start of the market's upswing in March, signs of stabilization were enough to encourage investors to buy stocks. Linda Duessel, equity market strategist at Federated Investors, said the rally has been driven by "less bad" information.
"Gunn is the favorite for sure," Mitty coach Tom Miller said. "They are deep and fast."
2005 Byron Nelson
The couple, who could not be reached Thursday, told a deputy that they knew raising their children in this environment was wrong, but they wouldn't get rid of their pets. They also would not clean up the animal waste to help with the odor problem, they told the deputy. They said that the house had been this way for at least two years. Anthony Higgins told authorities this is the second time he has ended up with a large amount of pets.
Business consulting giant KPMG reached the same conclusion,
For now, the waiting game for a scholarship will continue.
Many fishermen sense another kind of net closing around them. In faltering seaport towns hamstrung by years of government-ordered catch cutbacks, Dulcich's decisions increasingly control their destiny.
"A Piece of What You Need" bears out Thompson's assessment that he has "the same basic style" as he did when he made his recording debut in 2000 (with "Teddy Thompson," produced by Joe Henry), "just slightly better."
Corporate governance:
DODDRIDGE, Ark. -- Two stars of the reality TV show "Swamp People" are unhurt after being involved in a five-car pileup near the Arkansas-Louisiana state line
Coples was impressive in his first practice Friday as Ryan raved that the former North Carolina star had "about six" sacks while playing most of the snaps all along the defensive line. The 16th overall pick in last week's draft stood on the sideline Saturday, helmet in hand, during team drills because, Coples said, it was "a coach's decision." He participated in all other drills.
The projections are part of Fidelity's benefits consulting business. The study is based on projections for a 65-year-old couple retiring this year with Medicare coverage. The estimate factors in the federal program's premiums, co-payments and deductibles, as well as out-of-pocket prescription costs. The study assumes the couple does not have insurance from their former employers, and a life expectancy of 85 for women and 82 for men. The estimate doesn't factor in most dental services, or long-term care, such as the cost of living in a nursing home.
Since taking over the program four years ago, Pernetti has hired seven coaches: men’s basketball (Mike Rice), men’s soccer (Dan Donegan), field hockey (Meredith Long), men’s lacrosse (Brian Brecht), gymnastics (Lou Levine), swimming and diving (Phil Spiniello) and Flood.
And his friendship with the indicted ex-mayor isn<U+0092>t helping any.
The site is surrounded by rivers of traffic, much of it zipping past the tree-lined neighborhoods of Arden Hills and Shoreview, and residents say the roads need updating, stadium or no. Up Hwy. 96 at Arden Hills City Hall, Mayor David Grant did not clearly say whether he favors the project or not. But he did say the city is working with the county to study it. "We're cautiously optimistic that the governor will be able to move this forward, that the property will be remediated and put into productive use," Grant said.
BOSTON — When the Yankees placed Michael Pineda on the 15-day DL, they did so for two reasons.
"I've said it many times, but I'll say it again: If the sheriff or anybody else wants to make concealed weapons permits exempt from public records laws, they should go to the Legislature and ask them to do it," said Mail Tribune Editor Bob Hunter in a 2010 story.
Police Director Garry McCarthy said he has three officers receiving training to review video captured by the cameras.
Kaptur -- who is serving her 15th congressional term -- said she already represents the largest share of the new district's Lake Erie frontage, and has done much work over the years securing federal dollars for Cleveland and Cuyahoga County as a member of the House Appropriations Committee, which makes spending decisions.
Many people ask Boneham whether he'll turn his campaign into a reality show. He scoffs at that notion, saying this is a serious enterprise. And it seems to be. He won't have the millions of dollars his opponents have for statewide media blitzes, but he is talking about ideas at a time when the major-party candidates have been about little more than big-dollar fundraising and poll-tested talking points.
"If you are only teaching science out of a book and you act like you know everything, it's boring," said Vicki May, executive director of the Institute for School Partnership at Washington University.
The trial, which is in its third week, wrapped up with closing arguments Wednesday. The jury was sent home Wednesday afternoon, following several hours of instruction by the judge. Whitney is charged in the 27-count indictment with conspiracy, robbery, burglary, kidnapping and weapons offenses.
Said Cashman: “I don’t get any sense that they’re going to lead anywhere.”
Thus was born "Uncle David," the avuncular narrator who turns out the lights after each story.
Perry, a flight attendant for Delta Airlines and also a pilot, thanked Delta for flying in people from throughout the country to help her through the tragedy.
Outside Busch Stadium on Friday afternoon, the charming little ladies with their snow-white hair and quaint hand-knit Cardinal sweaters were walking past the larger than life Stan Musial statue with their scorecards tucked under their arms, while the wide-eyed youngsters tugged on their fathers' arms eager to walk through the ballpark gates and get their first glimpse of the pristine field. Brewers fans mingled easily in the crowd, too, without ever hearing an unkind or vulgar word. It was all rather typical Norman Rockwell stuff, all very symbolic of how the 2011 Major League Baseball playoffs have turned into a small-market baseball lover's paradise.
"Stephanie's experience is a perfect fit for the zoo's vision," Kim Smith, zoo director, said in a news release.
Harlan Baum
Currently, the three top guys behind Rice on the running back depth chart – second-year players Anthony Allen and Damien Berry and rookie third-round pick Bernard Pierce – will enter training camp with three combined NFL carries. All of those belong to Allen, who carried the ball three times for eight yards in the Ravens’ blowout victory over theSt. Louis Rams in Week Three.
Britain's Prince Harry wants to become a reggae music DJ, according to his friends.
The program, announced today, is part of the Columbus bank's strategy to increase small-business lending by $4 billion in the next three years throughout the Midwest.
A competing initiative sponsored by civil rights attorney Molly Munger and the state PTA would raise money for K-12 and early childhood education with higher income tax rates on nearly all wage earners except for the poorest.
Nicklaus, the greatest player of our age, says if he had one course to play for the rest of his life it would be Pebble - the same thing his predecessor, Bobby Jones, said about the Old Course.
The example Jessica has set extends to the members of the Eastlake Middle School choir, which performed Bruno Mars' "Grenade" and Jason Mraz's "I'm Yours" at the East Lake Tavern & Bowl shortly before Wednesday night's "Idol" telecast.
"He was the only person in the lobby. I saw there were flowers. I ran over to him and hugged him, and I cried and cried," she said.
Pearce did not spend any of his own money in the campaign but raised and spent nearly $261,000 in donations from individuals and political committees.
With the time he spends with them, DeChellis simply tries to school the players in the game he loves. It will teach them lessons that may apply later in life, he hopes, but at the academy there's no reason to talk about sports being the way to forge better people. That pretense, and many others, is gone.
La Isla is a tiny, tiny spot, but Giner hopes to open a second location later this year. In a culinary world often obsessed with a fusion of cuisines or experimental techniques, his goal is simple: “We try to keep it authentic.”
"My son wanted to continue the business online. We decided we'd either sink or swim in the Internet," said Alan Hirt, 63. "I had my doubts."
4 slices whole-grain bread
Department employees Friday morning noticed the flags were absent. They cued up surveillance tape and spotted a man climbing the pole at 1:14 a.m.
Now that they have moved past the San Jose Sharks in five games, the Blues have time to kill before the start of the second round of NHL playoffs. That's a good thing for a team trying to get a goalkeeper healthy.
Over the last 30 years, we've had about 2 percent foreclosed on. Of the 240 mortgages that are out there, between our own and the banks, we've foreclosed on two homes in the last two years, which is less than 1 percent. I think that's a good average.
Fern Falls: 2.7 miles from Fern Lake Trailhead.
He was predeceased by his mom, Dorothy Giaimo, and his brother, Kevin.
MS. BERNARD: This is really putting me on the spot. Let's see what's just come in.
The new strategy moves to halt a revolving-door policy of sending migrants back to Mexico without any punishment.
Oldie, not so goodie
Jessica Bueler, president of the Loop Special Business District in University City, said she and Joe Edwards, president of the East Loop's Special Business District, were working closely with law enforcement and others on the camera surveillance.
FRANKLIN TWP. — A $4 million bond ordinance authorized by the township committee last week is set to fund work at a Route 40 redevelopment site, the patching of township streets, and purchases of road crew vehicles that the deputy mayor said are “justified and needed.”
Western New Mexico
A trade group for companies selling auto-service contracts will have its annual meeting in Las Vegas on Monday. The gathering is expected to focus efforts to stop a consumer backlash and regulatory crackdown that has wreaked havoc on an industry largely based in the St. Louis area.
NEWARK — A 21-year-old man was found fatally shot in the city’s Central Ward late this afternoon, according to the Essex County Prosecutor’s Office.
When officers began their pursuit, Novak reportedly turned around and held up his middle finger. He then tried to kick a pursuing officer's motorcycle after police pulled alongside and warned him to stop, court documents state.
Against a substantially bulkier Villanova, the 6-foot-8, 240-pound Ratliffe had 17 points and 11 rebounds and stoked the Tigers to a 24-17 rebounding edge in the first half as they seized a double-digit lead.
And yet this is the governor's second trade mission to Israel in a little more than two years.
Master: Kalama Export
In welcoming remarks, Msgr. Jose Guadalupe Martin Rabago, the archbishop of nearby Leon, delivered an even more pointed critique of the state of affairs in Mexico and the impact of violence.
"Real Estate" put out a self-titled debut in 2009.
The Answer: There's a big difference. Debit cards don't affect your credit score at all, good or bad, because you're not borrowing money. You're using your own money for the transactions, so you're not repaying anyone and no history of repayment is being created. With a credit account, you're borrowing money and, hopefully, repaying it on time.
A key factor that appealed to investors was that half-finished bowling alley that went up for auction last year. After buying the property, Uphoff and his team were able to build the new project in four months for $10 million. That was less than half the price of the $21 million the company spent on a similar entertainment complex in Virginia.
Quick tip: Many homeowners will find some rotted wood when they check their homes this spring. Common places for rot are wood window sills, the bottoms of porch posts, bottoms for door trim and any other point where water can collect. It is always best to replace wood where rot has started, but repairs are possible if the wood is difficult to replace or the rotted area is minor. Ordinary wood fillers usually aren't suitable for repairing rot. Minor repairs can often be made with products sold at many home centers. When dry, repaired areas can be smoothed with woodworking tools, sanded, primed and painted. Among widely available products are Minwax's High Performance Wood Hardener and High Performance Wood Filler. The hardener solidifies soft wood areas so it can accept the filler. Many pros use products made by Abatron, which also include hardener and filler.
"Employees are being called back one week earlier than previously announced due to increased Volt sales since January and the need to meet demand in our strong markets, including California," GM said in a statement.
The 2013 Senior PGA Championship will be conducted at Bellerive Country Club in St. Louis, followed in 2018 by the PGA Championship. Otherwise, there is nothing pending, certainly not the succession of USGA championships the city enjoyed over a period of time.
Former Buckeye Robert Rose, a Glenville High School graduate, told the magazine that he and "at least 20 others" swapped memorabilia for tattoos.
Use baby powder, shampoo and lotions before the baby is born. While the baby is still at the hospital, take a shirt or blanket the baby has used and let your pet get familiar with the scent, Sullivan said.
Jacobson said that she had spoken with one homeowner, who had left the house 20 minutes before the accident.
Ruled by Reason, Fallen Captive, Taken by Talons, Sentiments, the False Archaic, A New Reign 7 p.m. Feb. 18. $10.
Henrik Lundqvist earned the win, and needed to make only 17 saves to do it. The Rangers mustered only 14 shots on Holtby, but scored on two in a row to put the game away.
And the CBS Sports Network will replay all games. Beginning today, the cable outlet will provide feature-oriented programs about the tournament teams.
Early line: Saints by 10.
Before Donerson and Jason Hudson's bullet-riddled bodies were found in their Englewood home on Oct. 24, 2008, Balfour allegedly told Julia Hudson he would kill her family. Julian, Julia's son, was found dead in Jason Hudson's stolen SUV on the West Side three days later.
The first Hollywood-bound audition of the night, held at the Hilton at the Ballpark, was also the first audition shown, a 22-year-old Florida man who looks like a true early frontrunner for the "American Idol" title. The photogenic Johnny Keyser's take on Sam Cooke's "A Change is Gonna Come" blew the judges away.
Oak Electric
rekindled the movement by proposing a constitutional amendment that would have created new ethics rules, reduced the size of the House and made other changes. The amendment got caught in a political crossfire. It was removed from the ballot by the Missouri Supreme Court because it contained too many topics.
California (3-1, 1-0) is up next on Thursday night in Autzen Stadium. The Bears played the Ducks the toughest in conference play last season, losing 15-13 at home.
Now, let's look back on some of my favorite trips of 2011:
SEE YOU IN MARCH?
Though Clapper's office has reportedly "clarified" his remarks, the damage has been done. The DNI's testimony makes it appear that the US government either doesn't know the facts on the ground in Egypt or has mistakenly concluded that we shouldn't be concerned about the Brotherhood being large and in charge of that strategic Mideastern country. Either case is troubling.
"American Idol" (Fox)
Scott was coming off a win at Firestone with Tiger Woods’ former caddie, Steve Williams. The way things were going, getting fired might be the best thing that ever happened to Williams.
Via project partnerships and matching funds, Clean Ohio can maximize the value of environmental investments by local governments and philanthropies.
Solazyme's use of plants to create its algae based fuels have raised some concerns from environmental groups. The sustainability of other biofuels like ethanol or bio-diesel encountered the same problem because each rely on a specific crop, such as corn or soy beans, which can take a lot of energy to grow.
Their less accomplished peers, who didn't make it through college or who never even made it to campus, have seen dismal prospects go from bad to awful.
"I believe our president is just a lot of rhetoric," the 73-year-old said.
Jesus advises us to be careful about such talk. Be careful of thinking you deserve so many things, so much stuff. Be careful of practices that elevate you above others, that distance you from God's grace. Be careful gathering much for ourselves when so many go hungry.
"The Department of Justice is seeking ways to do more with less while we maintain our commitment to our critical law enforcement mission and our most important public safety priorities," U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said last year when the consolidation plan was announced.
6. Madison, 1:36.40
A look at the career of the 25-year-old Hillis:
BNSF did not disclose the fix and denied anything was wrong with the crossing, court records show. The crew's repair, which occurred four years after the accident, came to light after one of the workers was injured during the repair job and sued.
During the 6-5 run, the Padres pitchers have a 2.41 ERA and opposing hitters have a .198 average (70-for-153) with 85 strikeouts against 33 walks.
A $210-million federal grant will fund the majority of the one-year pilot program on the 10 between Alameda Street and the 605 and on the 110 between Adams Boulevard and the Artesia Transit Center. Both are projected to open by 2013. The grant is also funding transit system improvements along the corridor, including 59 new alternative-fuel buses.
Calipari echoed that. Since the NBA's rule went into effect, he has coached eight players who have left after one season.
Not much has changed, he says. The city has put up some signs to designate the area a "Furniture and Decorative Arts District," but otherwise the neighborhood still bears the signs of economic struggle and the omnipresent threat of crime.
TRENTON — When 40-year-old Barbara Daub was evicted from her studio apartment in Montclair, she didn’t know she could fight her landlady in court until someone at a homeless hotline referred her to an organization offering free legal help to those who can’t afford a lawyer.
"What I'd like to see is in college football, like they have in the NFL, is some sort of standardized way that injuries are reported and handled," he said.
Arkansas and Oregon will tangle in a men's dual meet next year that will be run in middle of the Oregon Relays. Also, notes about Jordan Hasay and Andrew Wheating.
The principal also sent two teachers to Adrianna's home to check on her after she'd missed several days of school. The teachers did not see her, so Cruz Gutierrez went to speak with Romero Marin.
<U+0093>Halfway through the stretch, I thought, <U+0091>Yeah, he<U+0092>s going to get there.<U+0092> It<U+0092>s incredibly disappointing. I was absolutely convinced we were going to win today.<U+0094>
Lawyers for the employees immediately cried foul, complaining the documents were rife with personal information such as phone numbers, addresses and email addresses. R.W. Beck had a more serious beef. It pointed out that it was against the law for the department to release the R.W. Beck papers without court authorization as they had been obtained with a criminal subpoena.
Part of that reflects Wilsonville's long-standing imbalance of jobs and housing. The city is one of the few in the region with more jobs than residents, meaning large numbers of workers are forced to commute into the city every day.
Garrett Sim led Oregon with 16 points, hitting 6 of 8 shots, while Woods added 13 points.
A more likely scenario would be a team trading into the top 10 _ more precisely the top seven to get ahead of No. 8 Miami _ for Texas A&M quarterback Ryan Tannehill.
Danica Bishop (8-7) took the loss for Woodbridge.
“We need to keep the integrity of the evaluating committee intact through this process,” he said.
The 15-year mortgage, a popular option for refinancing, dropped to 3.05%, also a record.
210 N 14TH ST $19,900
* I like the hire of Gregg Williams as Rams defensive coordinator. The one-time coach of the Class 5 Belton (Mo.) High School football Pirates, Williams is one of the more acclaimed DCs of his era. His New Orleans Saints defense collapsed at the end of Saturday's NFC divisional game, twice failing to stop the San Francisco 49ers to preserve the lead. But it would be extremely stupid to assess the hiring based on five bad minutes in a playoff game.
Years as mayor: Elected April 2010
Americans nationwide witnessed the same live coverage of airplanes turned into weapons of mass murder in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania. And while the horror and brush with anarchy has dimmed a decade later, uneasiness lingers for plane crews and travelers alike.
Wines by the glass: From $7.50
Kim Jong Il, a graduate of Pyongyang's Kim Il Sung University, was 33 when his father anointed him his eventual successor.
Early Saturday the National Weather Service had issued strong warnings of "life-threatening" weather across a good portion of the country's midsection. Heavy storms are expected to continue passing through Kansas, Oklahoma and Nebraska throughout the night.
His moral "leadership," it could be argued, has help to contribute to the continued disproportional ravages of HIV and sham marriages that doom so many black families and children because of gay secrets.
Analysts projected 57 cents, the average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
Authorities said De'Andre M. Hicks Jr., 21, of the 6300 block of Albertine Avenue in Jennings, was fatally shot about 10 p.m. in the 5600 block of Wilborn Drive. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The government first acknowledged the recording failure in its original complaint against Mohamud. But Thursday's court filing detailed for the first time how the error occurred.
Bennett 47, Denver West 8
Contract status: Final year of five-year, $32 million deal
GROSSI UPDATE:
Like most every other gerrymandered district this state, the 24th bobs and weaves through various cities and counties — from Daytona Beach, through Seminole County and then way out through Orange County, toward Lake.
Santorum and then-Republican Sen. Arlen Specter, also of Pennsylvania, were among the three GOP senators to favor the amendment. The other? Mike DeWine.
Citing "the absurdity of Romney's plan," Preble wrote recently that the candidate "hasn't said what other spending he will cut, or what taxes he would increase."
"I don't know if we're that strong of a team, but when Parker gives us a pass, that makes others better," Curran said. "He can play."
Each year, she serves thousands of whipped-cream and peach-topped breakfast cakes cooked on griddles over her 20-foot mesquite charcoal grill.
Still, anyone declaring the twins a strong lean toward any specific school is probably speculating. Even those closest to their father and AAU coach, Aaron Harrison Sr., say he’s not given any hints as to where they may be leaning.
"The dark color also works from the outside, because when you look up through the windows, you can't really see any real definition inside," Choeff says.
A hitter also depends on the setter to get the ball to them in a place to make a play. The great setters are the ones who make life easier on their hitters by feeding them the ball in a good spot.
Donigan lives with her family on the grounds of a camp that hosts church retreats. She left before the water reached her home and wasn't sure if it had flowed inside. Two of the camp's three auditoriums were flooded, said her son, 16-year-old Nathan Donigan, and most of the 40-acre grounds were under water.
Efron could be seen mouthing, "What?" to girlfriend Vanessa Hudgens, then got up and walked onstage, saying, ""That was weird!"
As a council member, Fritz has had to become more open to ideas and perspectives that she might not have considered before.
Writes Adande,
Evoking Gandhi in his style and approach has helped Mr. Hazare turn a policy debate into a moral one. "Gandhi had no idea when he started whether anyone would listen to him; he just did what he felt was right and people rallied to him. Anna has done exactly the same thing," said Prem Shankar Jha, a Delhi political analyst.
The tremendous success has doubled the Pirates' membership to 25,000.
"This was a very touchy subject with the black church <U+0096> nobody wanted to admit it was a problem, but he's the captain of the ship," Reede said. "If there's something that could harm his congregation, he doesn't care what the gossips say."
Full voting (on a 5-3-1 basis by a panel of 119 sports writers and broadcasters):
Associate examiner Margaret Rynier argued that there was overwhelming evidence that James used the court<U+0092>s community service program account as <U+0093>a personal account instead of public funds.<U+0094>
“If something gets done, good. If not, we will wait,’’ Ndiaye said. “It’s up to (the Blazers). But it’s not like we are up against the wall. If we can’t get something done, we will wait.’’
And that, he said, would exacerbate one of the mail service's underlying problems.
"The older you get, the more likely you are to have the disease," Jones said. "We start seeing bladder cancer in people in their 40s but it's more common in the 50s, 60s and 70s."
By the end of the race, by the end of Davila's first time out as a favorite at Saturday's U.S. Olympic women's marathon trials, the Rochester Hills runner had achieved a goal that had been six years in the making.
PCP Ammunition Co. LLC, manufacturing, 2001 W. Oak Ridge Road, Suite B, Orlando, 32809.
Minh hanh: One-of-a-kind designer fashions at cut-rate prices. One velvet, hand-embroidered, lined jacket cost about $100. The store also stocks elaborately designed hats, scarves and dresses. (24 Dong Khoi, 824-5774, and 146AB Pasteur, 823-5367.)
At 81, Mary fell ill, but Tor still looked at her as if she were the prettiest girl he'd ever laid eyes on. Three weeks after their 59th anniversary, in 2003, she died.
Customers of TD Bank, for example, already saw their checking account terms change earlier this year. In March, the bank hiked the monthly fee on its basic checking account to $3.99, up from $3. But the bank offered a $1 discount to customers who opted for online statements. Customers are also no longer reimbursed for fees they incur at out-of-network ATMs.
Was this, then, a political suicide instead of murder? Never heard of that. So I lean toward an accidental self-inflicted wound.
In a memo sent Wednesday to the NFL's 32 teams, Goodell reminded them that "any program of non-contract bonuses, however it is characterized, is a violation of league rules." Also, all players will be told how they can confidentially report rules violations.
"The system is busted and innocent people are going to jail," he said.
A spokesman said this week that the company is cooperating with investigators.
But the stop at Otterbein University highlighted Romney's challenge: His style on the campaign trail is a study in contrasts.
Cleveland's Josh Tomlin allowed five hits in 7 1/3 innings -- most of the final three in a steady downpour. He struck out a career-high eight, allowed two walks and maintained his control despite slick, slippery conditions on the mound.
Six states - all in the Northeast except Iowa - and the District of Columbia allow same sex marriages.
July 1992: An early wave of what is to become ever-increasing competition emerges for Atlantic City as more than a dozen states authorize casino or riverboat gambling — or are thinking about it. Atlantic City’s main competitor has been Las Vegas, but from now on, competition, economic downturns and the failure to establish a destination resort will cripple the city’s efforts to prosper.
"We've timed them," she said.
No more full-time students or athletic program. Students must participate in sports through their neighborhood schools. The track program -- with its 13 state championships, 11 under McKenzie -- would be no more.
She easily found work as a travel agent and, later, as a marketing specialist when husband Gary's career in law enforcement relocated the family to Arizona.
At the Chaoyang Hospital on Thursday, security guards and police patrolled hallways and stairwells close to where Chen was thought to be receiving attention for a foot injury he suffered when he escaped April 22 from his home in China's Shandong province, where he and his family had been held under extra-judicial house arrest for 19 months. He previously had served about four years in prison - on charges of damaging property and organizing a crowd to disrupt traffic - related to his advocacy work on behalf of women who'd been forced to undergo abortions and sterilizations under Shandong's campaign to enforce China's one-child policy.
Bachmann -- newest to the race -- drew one of the loudest rounds of applause Monday night from a partisan debate audience when she predicted that Obama would not win re-election. He is "a one-term president," she declared.
Currently, 42 other states have a version of rules allowing concealed carry permit holders to tote their firearms in alcohol-serving establishments. Some states allow it in restaurants but not bars. Others are silent on the issue -- no law specifically for or against-- making it legal by default.
About 65 people showed up and voted to form a neighborhood association with the focus of saving the entire site for Jan Park.
defendants have been sentenced to death since the state's death penalty law took effect in 1981, with 46 executions.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has the authority to write rules governing prepaid cards. The agency, created under the 2010 overhaul of financial rules, regulates broad categories of consumer financial products and services.
Other currently popular diets call for cutting back on fat and sugar, consuming whole grains and lean meats, and even indulging in red wine. The HCG diet, in contrast, calls for eating just 500 calories a day while taking daily injections of human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a hormone produced by the placenta during pregnancy and excreted in pregnant women's urine.
"There's no other way to explain it but a missed call," Campbell told The Canadian Press. "We're as upset as Pittsburgh almost. It's a mistake."
You get a changing panorama with perennials. Some bloom two to three weeks; some span a season or more. A border of petunias will look the same all summer. But a perennial border constantly changes, as spring bloomers give way to early summer beauties, which in turn cede to late summer and fall glories.
"On to greener pastures"
But Councilwoman Saunteel Jenkins said job eliminations are unavoidable.
When the sisters got back in the car Solorzano-Vasquez allegedly began swinging his knife and threatening the women.
In the CIML, football teams are leaving grass for greener pastures <U+0097> all-weather artificial surfaces.
Markoff was ordered held without bail. His family, including his mother, Susan Haynes, and father, Richard Markoff, left the courtroom after the arraignment without speaking to reporters.
Nichol is not sure how many features of the custom-built house will make the trip. Probably the bedside table designed to look like a spool of kite string. Probably not the backyard carousel.
Employees may still wear jeans, sweatshirts and running shoes on special dress-down days, according to the code. But on regular work days, employees who don't meet standards will have to correct their attire, and have their pay docked if they leave work to change. Repeated violations could lead to firings.
The technical proposals accounted for 20 percent of the score; the cost accounted for 80 percent.
"Before that new rule, we were able to get tax bills out probably by mid-October," Leung said. "But that rule took 30 days off the calendar of getting assessments done and tax bills generated."
Asked during the live broadcast if the GOP could be expected to offer any help in the House, Ryan expressed pessimism, then pivoted to a talking point dear to Democrats.
The full season schedule follows. (m) indicates a matinee. Performances are in Herbst Theatre unless indicated; other venues are Davies Symphony Hall (DSH), Yerba Buena Center for the Arts (YBC), San Francisco Conservatory of Music (SFC), St. John's Presbyterian Church in Berkeley (SJ), The City Club (TCC) and St. Mark's Lutheran Church (SM).
After recovering from the despair of a suicide attempt, "people are changed at that point, and people want to give back," Heckler adds.
The Cantu family cried, screamed and held onto one another. Friends and extended family members rushed to the hospital.
Nixon works part time selling men's clothing in Pittsburgh, about 45 miles away, and works as a substitute teacher for $75 a day - less, he said, than the janitor makes. In all, he earns a bit over half what he did in the 1980s. "I used to consider myself lower middle class," Nixon said. "Now I don't even consider that."
We have a small company but different people in the office are in different situations, he says. Some people have young families and more expenses, some work here in part-time retirement. This helps us remove the question of who will bear the burden.
Acting Class for Senior Citizens: "ACT-ivate Your Brain Health" is a fun way to improve brain wellness while practicing script reading, improvisation and other techniques. Ages 55 and older. Registration required. Weekly 1-3 p.m. Tue, Jan. 24-March 13. *.
Although the right-hander wasn't as sharp as he was in his season debut, he did enough to earn the win in a 13-7 victory at Kansas City on Sunday. He allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings, striking out five and walking three.
Sharapova must repeat her 2008 Australian title run if she is to take over the No. 1 spot from Caroline Wozniacki, who lost any chance of maintaining her top ranking when she lost in the quarterfinals to Clijsters. Kvitova only has to match or better Azarenka to take the top spot.
Before taking a bite, I'm impressed by the "modern plantation house" décor. Brick and hardwood combine with purple rafters and big, red, flower-shaped lampshades, creating a space that's contemporary yet warm, tropical without a trace of tiki-torch kitsch.
Ed Suleman, who leased the home to his daughter, was supposed to pay about $4,000 a month and a final balloon payment of $450,000 that was due earlier this month.
Clementi, 18, of Ridgewood, committed suicide by jumping off the George Washington Bridge the following day. A message on his Facebook account said he planned to jump, but did not say why.
"We're far from being an accomplished running team, but we're better,'' said Riley, who watched the Beavers gain 128 yard rushing vs. the 'Cats as Stevenson went for a career high 99 yards on 17 carries.
A link to the Senior Transportation Resource Guide is at KansasCity.com.
"It's just like tragedies happen, and I don't want that to stop me from a good learning experience," she said.
1 dash salt
Nolan Reimold will miss the final two games of the Baltimore Orioles' series against the Yankees because of a bulging disc in his back.
Fakih was born in Lebanon and moved to the U.S. at age 7. She is a graduate of the University of Michigan-Dearborn.
Player of the year: QB Paul Rice, sr., Gateway Tech
Mini-mason jars are a hallmark at Dani Cone's High 5 Pie and Fuel Coffee cafes in Seattle, where her "pie jars" showcase peach-ricotta and mango-raspberry fillings, for example, as well as savory versions filled with potatoes and curried vegetables. Her new cookbook, "Cute Pies: 40 Sweet, Savory, and Adorable Recipes" (Andrews McMeel), details the specifics for pie jars, pie-pops and hand pies.
"We're at 100 percent capacity. We're in six counties and that's about all I can do because of the space situation," Benfield said. "We can't make any more beer and there's a lot more demand." The company produces a little over 7,000 barrels a year.
øAmy Senser was convicted of leaving the scene of an accident and failure to promptly report an accident, both criminal vehicular homicide charges, in the August death of Anousone Phanthavong. She was acquitted of a third felony charge of gross negligence. She was also convicted of misdemeanor careless driving.
Binder was pronounced dead in the emergency room at St. Anthony's Medical Center at 1:55 a.m. Sunday, according to the medical examiner's office.
Benchmark oil fell 94 cents to finish at $105.22 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Heating oil declined 3.46 cents to $3.1425 per gallon, gasoline futures dropped 2.14 cents to $3.0757 per gallon and natural gas fell 11.8 cents to $2.253 per 1,000 cubic feet.
The country's attention also has been diverted by protests, economic strife, parliamentary elections and deadly clashes between demonstrators and security and military forces that have left nearly 100 dead in recent months. Mubarak's fate looms at the edge of this tumult, another reminder to the Arab world that the ideals of a year of upheaval and revolution are far from realized.
Blueberries fill that role in baked goods in a delectable way, their sweet-tart juices bleeding into batters as they bake. Or used raw as an alluring blue garnish, they offer crisp, sweet-tart distinction.
Wyden said in his letter that years of conflict over natural resources on southern Oregon's public lands have also left U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management employees feeling vulnerable.
5:50 p.m. From The Oregonian's Anne Saker via Twitter: About 1,000 people are now marching down SW Park toward Broadway in a joint demonstration by Occupy Portland and organized labor.
Overall, it was an “all-star-like” effort by the crowd who nearly filled the Lakewood High School gym to capacity to watch the best in girls high school basketball representing the Class of 2012.
In addition, the revised bill would establish protections for consumers using the increasingly popular "paperless tickets," which hamper the resale of tickets but also can inconvenience consumers. It would also require that a refund be made up to two weeks before the event and prohibits fees on the first transfer of the tickets.
1. Jonathan Goodwin, Hammond senior
17145 NW Meadow Grass Dr; 1,808 square feet; on 11/4/2010 for $236,000
Last words: Before he died, Brewer made eye contact with the six witnesses he had invited and gave the thumbs-up sign to the Rev. John Schaumburg, a Lutheran minister from Flagstaff. Four of the six, all friends of Brewer, left the room after Brewer looked at them and appeared to say, "Go, go.'' His words could not be heard because the execution chamber is soundproof.
Last month, Christie swatted away calls by Senate Democrats for Kwon to release tax returns for his family's wine and liquor store, which was accused in 2011 of more than $2 million in illegal bank deposits.
guilt over the fate of Catherine of Aragon.
Aetna officials agreed that the dispute centers on cost. The Hartford, Conn.-based insurer said that the physicians are asking too much.
Our budget situation is not a Beaverton problem; it is an Oregon problem. Districts throughout the state have been faced with similar budget challenges. Beaverton has reduced budgets by $105 million, largely sparing schools from deep cuts. We have used the ending fund balance and other one-time savings, negotiated employee concessions, reduced infrastructure and central office personnel, and minimally reduced the workforce through staff attrition to balance the budget. Many of these past options are no longer available.
8095, Jerry Lentz, Bend, 3:42:11.
Know why? Because getting the puck into the net is really, really, really hard. Trying to slap a rubber disc with a stick while skating at a million miles an hour and hit a target that constantly changes based on a goalie's movement, all the while knowing you could be getting slammed with a bodycheck at any moment . . . well, you try it sometime.
To date, states have created a health-insurance exchange program that allows individuals and small businesses to pool their buying power and negotiate for better prices. Illinoisans deserve the same.
Mrs. Clinton's mission to China this week contrasts sharply with her 2009 trip, her first as secretary of state, when she was widely criticized for downplaying the U.S.'s human-rights concerns.
According to preliminary reports, Basharat said, "they tried to force her into prostitution and she did not agree. This was one of the reasons that they detained her in the basement for six months."
President Barack Obama said Tuesday that only Congress can take the <U+0093>bold action<U+0094> needed to spur job creation, as he unfurled an election year <U+0093>to do<U+0094> list for lawmakers.
Q: What do you think is the main reason your fans have stuck with you through the long gaps and stylistic detours?
But Marquette skated into the game Wednesday looking for a win rather than an excuse. The Mustangs got off to a fast start and skated to a 5-1 victory against Holt.
NEW ORLEANS — Amid all the discussion of matchups and X's and O's, it's always refreshing to hear college athletes put things in perspective off the court, especially in the context of major news events.
According to a memo from the airport to airlines, airport tenants, contractors and others, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration issued "regulatory relief" in the wake of the delays, allowing them to issue the badges before full security threat assessments have been completed. TSA said all new employees still have their identities verified and are checked against a watch list before receiving their badges.
Four years ago, southwest Florida was one of Romney's strongest parts of the state. He defeated John McCain in Lee and neighboring Collier counties, even as he was losing the primary by five percentage points.
"The plan sets the standard for Community Planning and Development to recommend approval for zoning," said senior city planner Ellen Ittelson.
Imagine a room with lots of people talking at once, trying to decide what to do. The test is like someone who can say which voices matter and what the decision is likely to be.
“The Fighter” also is competing for best drama at the Globes, along with “Black Swan,” “Inception,” “The King's Speech” and “The Social Network.”
The proposed bill has bipartisan support -- a rarity these days -- and is expected to be approved.
"It is axiomatic that the practice of submitting false pleadings and affidavits is unlawful," said the report, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times. "With his complaint, Mr. (Nye) Lavalle has identified an issue that Fannie Mae needs to address promptly."
Merck hopes the cash-and-stock deal helps it better compete in a drug industry facing slumping sales, tough generic competition and intense pricing pressures.
In a silent Yankees locker room a few players lingered eating barbecue though none were talking. There are plenty of questions — which one of them will fill Rivera’s role on the field and which will take it over in the clubhouse — though no answers were readily available.
arraignment.
The Lakewood resident also was an organizer of a festival that took place Saturday in Willard Park called "Occupy the Heart Festival."
<U+0093>I heard a 'heads-up,' and thank God I put my head down and had my hat on,<U+0094> he said after the game. <U+0093>I had a little headache and I was dizzy, but I feel normal now.<U+0094>
White, who earns $72,000 a year, remains employed with the department, according to his attorney, Joseph D. Rotella, who said the conduct did not touch on his professional duties. A spokesman for the fire department declined to comment.
Salazar, Savea (3), Callahan (3) and Lyon; Sandness and Babcock. Top hitters: A<U+0096>Babcock 2 RBIs; Mercado 2B; Contreras 2B.
There was growing evidence that the Noorani-Parvaiz marriage was in trouble. They had been living in Boston the past nine months, but it was not clear whether Parvaiz was working there and what he was working at. Harvard University said it had no records to support his claim he was pursuing a Ph.D.
This year's report was released while church officials faced new scrutiny about their compliance with the plan. In Philadelphia, a trial is underway against the first Catholic official in the U.S. charged with endangering children by keeping accused priests in the ministry without warning parents or police.
Units are spacious. The hallways are double-wide, and with white walls, hardwood floors, beamed ceilings, walk-in closets and concrete columns, all the homes feel like true lofts. DUMBO, though, is not inexpensive. Studios rent for $3,175, one-bedrooms for $3,450 and two-bedrooms for $5,700. Amenities include a gym, child's room and roof deck with Manhattan views and barbecues with a working fireplace. The harbor views are better than most, especially at this relatively low height.
McCluer South-Berkeley
I don't even talk to my neighbors because my neighbors don't talk to me. I have never been so, I guess, dishonored. My mother who is like 78, out in the yard picking stuff and people don't talk to her. I would never walk by a person who was older than me and not pay them the respect. It's almost like we are an inconvenience, like "You were here. Yes, we know you were here. But now we're here."
Increased production in the post should also help the Ducks. Tony Woods, Oregon’s 6-foot-11 center, has averaged 11 points per game in the postseason, almost double his scoring average in the regular season. Senior forward Olu Ashaolu, arguably the Ducks’ most athletic player, exploded off the bench for 22 points in Oregon’s win over Iowa on Sunday.
It's an attack Paul gleefully repeated in Wednesday night's debate, prompting Santorum to later publicly speculate about a Romney-Paul alliance.
Elizabeth Tengler
"I'd like to thank Jayne, an ER nurse working the late shift on Sep. 16 at Lutheran Hospital. My partner and I have never met a nurse with such a positive and helpful attitude. From the minute I arrived in the ambulance, to the minute she walked us out the door several hours later, she was a ray of sunshine."
Kluger and Robinson often deposited the cash in amounts of less than $10,000 in different accounts of their own, or Robinson would keep some of it in safe deposit boxes, authorities said.
Shakopee residents Beard and Merrifield weren't concerned that Vikings owner and real estate developer Zygi Wilf might build a burgeoning Zygiworld at the site and siphon business from the Minneapolis and St. Paul downtowns. "As a suburbanite, I'm not the least bit concerned about that," Beard said. "My attitude is, 'How do we get to yes on this?' We want to see it in Arden Hills instead of Beverly Hills."
** - Fair
She was booked on single counts of first-degree murder and abandoning a human body, said Scottsdale police spokesman Officer David Pubins at a news conference Monday.
Cienega (13-1) actually got on the board first, and Neal was even directly responsible for that. He fumbled away a punt after getting drilled by a Cienega gunner, and Cienega was given the ball on the Chaparral 3.
_ "Tim Burton's Corpse Bride" (2005): One of only a handful of animated films Burton's made over his three-decade career — although a feature-length version of "Frankenweenie" is due out this fall — this is one of the best examples of the emotions of Burton's films matching the visuals. Combining painstaking stop-motion animation with digital technology, he's come up with a film that's wondrous, strange and poignant. Yes, it does look a lot like "Edward Scissorhands" and "Beetlejuice," and it features an all-star voice cast led by Burton regulars Depp and Helena Bonham Carter, but this medium brings these familiar details beautifully to life. Even creatures that are disgusting in reality are cute and sort of charming here.
"That's like drinking several shots of hard liquor," Rangan said.
Each was sentenced to one year probation and 100 hours of community service.
Three years after seeing both articles, the author wrote a letter to the imprisoned Moore and began a correspondence that grew into a personal sociological study, incorporating hundreds of hours of interviews between both Moores and the people connected to each -- family members, teachers, police officers and drug dealers.
Despite the close result, there is no official provision for a recount because no delegates are at stake. The Republican vote was essentially a popularity contest among those who attended, and at some caucus sites there are no paper records of the vote.
Hiring Smith allows Arkansas Athletic Director Jeff Long to take his time to find a permanent head coach. Petrino's firing came during spring practice for much of the college football world, a time when few coaches were willing to leave their current positions for the unknown.
The 65-year-old man said he got back in his car and drove away after seeing the other driver pull a handgun out of his pocket, police said.
The story goes that 21/2 years later they met on a second blind date that turned into four decades of a life shared, with three kids and five grandkids.
Through plea deals and newspaper investigations, county residents gained glimpses into offices where people sold the public trust like secondhand furniture, sometimes for riches, sometimes for chump change. Russo's 31-year-old son, Vince, a business consultant, is accused of gaining the business of the Maple Heights school board by bribing two school officials with television sets.
They dig in. Two examples:
"I think he's getting arm strength and he's getting locked in with his mechanics and is able to be more consistent with where he's trying to throw the ball," Gibson said.
Mr. Dietz went to St. Ben's grade school and high school. He joined the Coast Guard with his good friend, Tony Castiglioni. They served in Virginia, where they learned that "damn Yankee" could sound like one word.
Registration fees cover the guided river trip, single or tandem kayak rental (with paddle and PFD), shuttle transportation, educational programs, most meals, a souvenir T-shirt, and optional overnight camping sites. Participants may bring their own river-worthy boat, but note that aluminum canoes are not recommended.
9. Byers vs. Front Range Christian, today, 1 p.m.
Portland-based Umpqua Bank last year stopped offering the first box of checks for free. The Umpqua Holdings Corp. unit also ended a $90 credit toward checks on its free business checking account. (I also have an account there.)
Nice.
The tallies are public record in Chandler, Gilbert and Tempe because the municipalities have "meet and confer" laws that recognize collective-bargaining groups and union dues are deducted from payroll checks. The union represents many state employees but the state does not recognize unions or keep track of the membership, said Alan Ecker, spokesman for the Arizona Department of Administration.
Dallas had an 86-73 lead on a 3-pointer by Terry before Harden scored seven in a row on a three-point play and two other jumpers. Durant then made a 3-pointer, and after Nowitzki was short on a 14-footer, Harden drove for a powerful two-handed slam that got the Thunder within 86-85.
He will be leading one of the most liberal and academically rigorous colleges in the nation. Only three other U.S. colleges send a higher portion of their graduates on to earn doctoral degrees. U.S. News and World Report ranks Reed the 57th best liberal arts college in the nation, even though Reed refuses to participate in the ranking. Reed has produced 31 Rhodes scholars.
Portland fire officials are investigating three suspicious fires they believe were set between 10 p.m. and midnight Sunday.
Smartphones are the only segment of the global cellphone business expected to expand in 2012, IHS said. Global smartphone shipments are estimated to rise by 35% this year, while shipments for feature phones, entry-level phones and ultra-low-cost handsets are expected to decline. As a result, the smartphone segment will be single-handedly responsible for the overall cellphone business expansion of 7.4% in 2012.
During his testimony, Davis recounted a conversation he heard between Baron and Edwards in the fall of 2007 on the finance chairman's jet. Baron's plane was routinely used to fly Edwards to political events in Iowa, New Hampshire and other early primary states.
But “The Raven” is truer than that. Its Poe is a mostly drunken reprobate who sobers up only when he realizes there’s a murderer rampaging through Baltimore. A murderer who has taken his ideas — razor-sharp pendulums, premature burials — from Poe’s tales.
Daniela's mother is now in Colombia, to which she returned in 2006 for colon cancer treatment, and has been unable to return because of her immigration status. Her father has been granted U.S. residency. Daniela's brother serves in the U.S. Army and has become a U.S. citizen.
What is unique about your planes?
1136 Raymond Blvd., Newark; (973) 242-1778.
As stocks and bonds nose-dived in Madrid and Milan, Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero delayed his vacation by a day to monitor the increasingly bleak scenario with his finance minister, Elena Salgado.
At the midway point of the meet, the Gators trailed the Tide by 0.175, but the Gators' equaled their top balance beam total of 49.475 to put themselves in position to challenge for the title. Stageberg started off the Gators' beam set by setting her collegiate-best of 9.90. Johnson equaled her collegiate-best of 9.925 to lead UF on the event and King also posted a 9.90.
In flashbacks and documentary-like interviews on camera with Alma's mother (Eva Mattes) and other pivotal personalities, the film explores the source of Gustav's great joy and sorrow while suggesting that Alma is in every note of music he wrote during the marriage.
Oregon startups landed $48.6 million in venture capital financing during the last quarter of 2011, capping the best year for early-stage investments since 2007.
"I called a Cal coach and told them UCLA just offered, then called UCLA and told them Cal offered, and neither was true," Hoskins said Monday.
"We've survived by being honest with people and giving them the best quality for the best price," said Leo Landwerlen, whose grandfather, Louis, founded the company that has supplied countless pairs of laces, dyes, polish, insoles and leather to shoe repair shops across the country.
Though there are numerous clever one-liners, Hemsworth's muscular Thor, for instance, shows timing worthy of the cast from "Seinfeld" in earning out-loud laughs on two occasions. One comes with huge Hulk help, and the other is an easy assessment of why Loki behaves the way he does.
An ordinance that establishes an open system would also save DWP ratepayers a considerable amount of money because third-party contractors and skilled workers from the building trades have had much more experience completing large projects on time and on budget. Unlike DWP workers, they are subject to performance penalties, and the chances for massive cost overruns are substantially less.
Q: What do you see as the future of Monarch, especially with the vast majority of calls being for EMS rather than for fires? Will the district have to change in some ways?
Canadian health authorities already allow the practice across great distances for routine procedures.
UCLA neurologist Dr. Harry Vinters has reviewed Lenin's records for an annual University of Maryland School of Medicine conference that opens Friday on famous people's deaths.
City hall had hoped to use redevelopment dollars to help pay for the improvements, but it lost that option with the recent, court-backed end of urban renewal programs in cities statewide.
More on stocks on
The previous time Princeton won the league, in 2006, it started 4-11.
We would like to track them down so we can thank them properly. We can be contacted at 949-542-3833.
Davis declined comment pending a press conference this evening.
A lot of people are saying things like, “Isn’t it about time to recognize he’s elite?” And it’s coming off with a tone suggesting we should have long since come to such a conclusion, as if they’re seeing something much of the world isn’t.
øAssuming Schlichter earns federal good-time behavior credit, he'll serve just over nine years in federal prison, compared with just over seven under the original deal.
<U+0093>At this point we don<U+0092>t have anything pointing to the fact that this had any association with Churchill Downs or the Derby itself,<U+0094> said Alicia Smiley, spokeswoman for Louisville Metro Police. <U+0093>We are still investigating at the stables and at the barn.<U+0094>
The 56-year-old Manchester native is feeling particularly fired up on this day, having just returned from a successful afternoon in the studio with his Buzzcocks mates.
View Street and Mt. Hamilton Avenue, 3:07 p.m.: A reckless driver was reported.
The latest sub-50 PMI reading means activity was still shrinking at the end of the first quarter, adding to recent poor data that have cast doubt on euro-zone leaders' hopes that the recession will be brief and shallow. Official data this week showed unemployment in the euro zone hit a record high in February.
"It's addictive once you start on it," said Woodruff, who is fighting cancer and heart trouble that came from the treatments while he continues to gather cemetery information.
Over there, they fought on the same side. Back here, they are on opposite sides. That's because Tommy (Chris Kerson) is pulled back into service for a crime lord engaged in a turf war with the drug-dealer brother of Darren (Will Blagrove). Their reentry proves to be as lethal as the worst days of their deployment. Legitimate job opportunities are scarcer than a playground with a hoop and net.
John Muir Fundamental Elementary, Santa Ana Unified
"It is therefore illogical" to continue with the current U.S. strategy — which Dooley said presumes there is a way of finding common ground with Islamic religious leaders — without "waging near `total war,'" he wrote.
Bryan got to know Clark better three years ago when Clark's "Rock, Roll & Remember" was merged with "Rewind with Gary Bryan." The new name: "Dick Clark Presents Rewind with Gary Bryan." It airs Saturday mornings on K-Earth and on hundreds of stations in the U.S. Clark wrote a blog on the show-related www.dickclarkonline.com. His final posting was April 9 on the sound of silence and is recommended reading.
But it’s the depth and quality of the class that makes it superior to any previous talent haul (the highest-ranked class prior to this in Rivals.com was last year at No. 32).
Last weekend, all the Elton John had been cleared out of the music section, but some Jonas Brothers CDs remained. Parents buy compact discs while kids download their music, I thought.
These dresses also work for brides purchasing a dress for the second time around.
Bill Lambrecht of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report.
Q:Any holiday plans with the new car?
The message hit hard for members of the Traditional Congregation of Mount Dora, whose beliefs dictate that they do no deliberate work on their Sabbath, which is Saturday. All they could do was stand on the sidewalk and stare at filthy anti-Jewish messages spray-painted on the downtown synagogue that is still several weeks from opening.
Another St. Louis-area student, Jacqueline Madey, a junior at Stephens, won three Best of Jury awards at the event, which was the 68th Annual Student Designer Fashion Show
3. Current construction/improvement levy millage and how that translates into dollars per $100,000 of home value.
"The quiet phase is over. We begin tonight the loud phase, I hope the thunderous phase, of a fundraising campaign with a goal of $1 billion," McCormick said. "That’s twice as ambitious as we have ever attempted before, and as important as any endeavor we have ever begun."
Republican Sen. Debra Plowman of Hampden argued that the bill was being passed "at the expense of the people of faith."
Also keep in mind whether the heirs would be subject to state estate tax, which may have a lower threshold than federal estate tax, she says. If the state where the property is located has a low asset threshold for state estate tax, and you live in a different state, having the property held in an LLC with more than one member could help shield you from that tax, Ms. Christerson says.
Foothill 002 020 0 <U+0096> 4 7 3
In a statement, the district said it is very disappointed about the decision. "Funding is no longer available for storm-water services in the St. Louis community," the statement said.
Attorney Carolyn Carter of the National Consumer Law Center, the author of a report comparing state consumer laws, said in an analysis that changes proposed by HB 275 would render the state's Consumer Sales Practices Act "one of the least effective deceptive-practices statutes in the country."
In a starkly worded report, the NJSIAA rebuked Vincent Ascolese — a legendary figure in New Jersey high school sports — concluding that he violated state bylaws by luring two players to come play for his North Bergen championship high school football team and renting apartments to them.
On the coastline of Miyagi prefecture, which took the full force of the tsunami, a Japanese police official said 1,000 bodies were found scattered across the coastline. Kyodo, the Japanese news agency, reported that 2,000 bodies washed up on two shorelines in Miyagi.
If the property is not unloaded to private developers by 2014, five years after the city took possession, the price goes up to $96 million and the city must start making payments on the loan.
Reach reporter Dan Nowicki at dan.nowicki@arizonarepublic .com or 602-444-8275.
Each Diamond League meet is expected to offer $416,000 in prize money, which roughly will double the amount of prize money offered by the Pre Classic.
Don't miss: The inky Santa Cruz Mountains petite sirah and the well-structured BXR Bordeaux-style blend.
1/2 ounce semisweet chocolate, finely chopped
Supporters had run their own ad campaigns and church leaders urged Sunday congregations to vote for the amendment. Graham, who at 93 remains influential even though his last crusade was in 2005, was featured in full-page newspaper ads supporting the amendment.
“As a father, this hits home,” said Wade, who has 10- and 4-year-old sons.
Lou Lehman - Official
"The real drivers behind this are commodity prices and interest rates," said Jeff Swanhorst, chief credit officer with AgriBank, the country's largest farm credit bank, based in St. Paul, Minn. "The broader economy is struggling and there's pressure to keep interest rates down."
"Do you think I'm ready?" she asked me when I visited the other day.
First, he drives – and parks – his rolling billboard around the Justice Center in an effort to get noticed. Now, he's hopping on his bike and inviting Turner to join him for a ride from Turner's neighborhood to the Justice Center, about a seven-mile jaunt, this morning.
Is she just more disciplined than you are? Did she train herself to “need” less sleep? Is she just saying that to make you feel like a slug? While you may too tired to decide, a study published this week in the journal Neurology supplies the likely answer: It’s in her genes" href="http://history.nih.gov/exhibits/genetics/sect1a.htm" target="_blank">genes. And your exhaustion is in yours, as well.
But Beaverton, like all districts, is still working with ballpark figures.
And we see opportunities in the fall of a leader like (Syrian President) Bashar al-Assad, who's ruthless like his father, but also responsible for providing tens of thousands of rocket to Hamas and Hezbollah, trying to build a secret nuclear weapons program. Reckless.
Several of the defendants have pleaded guilty over the past few months.
She's also organizing small-group culinary trips to various regions of Mexico, with a tour of Yucatán tentatively scheduled for August.
Challengers, like Hedrick, sometimes try to turn the tables by attacking incumbents for the mailings. While Sanchez spends the least of the Orange County delegation, Republican opponent Van Tran's campaign has taken a broad swing at her for the franked mailings.
A University of Michigan study last year found that more than 20% of the state's prisoners had severe mental disabilities -- and far more were mentally ill. The same study found that 65% of prisoners with several mental disabilities had received no treatment in the previous 12 months.
Play your cards right
Des Moines lawyer Tom Drew, who served on the medical board from 2007 until earlier this year, said he doubts it was coincidence that Branstad nominated a second person who was part of the anti-abortion delegation at the 2010 board meeting. Drew said he knows Bognanno through their shared Catholic faith.
Tax holidays in Malaysia and Thailand accounted for 98 percent of Lake Forest-based Western Digital's profit in 2008, 51 percent of its 2009 profit and 40 percent of its 2010 profit.
Legally, the company had no reason to bar Zenith from the contract, Appelbaum said.
China is the largest holder of U.S. Treasury securities. That fact has become even more crucial as annual U.S. budget deficits have topped $1 trillion.
Emily Dievendorf, director of policy for Equality Michigan, said the endorsement wasn<U+0092>t a surprise but she was glad it came when it did. While state policies may be arrayed against recognition of same-sex marriages, the support of a president can <U+0093>advance the cause because our community needs to know they are supported.<U+0094> She also believes it can awaken a key constituency <U+0096> LBGT Americans <U+0096> to battle for Obama<U+0092>s reelection.
Average age: 26.4
to pay $83,500 to buy back a 2005 Ford Mustang, a 2009 Cadillac Escalade, a 2009 Jeep Wrangler, a 2009 Harley-Davidson Heritage motorcycle and a 2008 Mercedes C350 sedan.
Selected phone numbers and websites from places mentioned in the story:
Thirty-three Republicans joined 40 Democrats in voting to eliminate the ethanol tax credit.
Branch picked the Ducks over offers from Kansas State, Rutgers and Virginia Tech, among others. He is ranked the No. 30 junior college prospect in the country by JUCOJunction.com.
Convenience foods can help with portion control but are typically high in salt and preservatives.
Hilo means "braided," among other definitions, and it's hard to think of any artist as intertwined with Hilo as designer Sig Zane. Inspired by Hawaii's lush foliage as well as its rich cultural legacy, Zane creates bold graphics adorning clothing and accessories that have made his store in downtown Hilo a landmark since 1985.
A new survey from Visa Inc. shows that the average American family with teenagers plans to spend $1,078 -- that's for each child -- on the prom, a 33.6 percent increase over the $807 spent last year.
Teplitz — who labeled the proposal an “immaculate conception” by Nash without input — suggested he would embrace a plan to spend the $20 million on PATCO.
In Union County Tuesday, some voters sided with Rodrigues' support of Lesniak, saying they liked being able to recognize Lesniak's name on the ballot and knew what he's brought to the area.
Kan was briefed by city officials in the northern city of Rikuzentakata and later met with 250 disaster victims at a school. "I promise that the government will fully assist survivors to regain a normal life," Kan, dressed in a blue workman's-style jacket and pants, told reporters at the school.
"That's why we personalized the offense this week, so we can run those sets to post up Ellis or Curry," McMillan said. "That's something those two have to take advantage of, and say, 'Look, get down there, Dre,' or 'Get on the post, Brandon.' They have to get together and make sure we take advantage of that."
The Clippers tied the NBA playoff record for largest deficit overcome at the end of three quarters, when they trailed by 21.
"Who cares about brand buzz?" says judge Tim Broadbent, Global Effectiveness Director at Ogilvy & Mather. "We wanted to know, could you prove to a skeptical finance director that it worked?"
To me, this is a moral, as well as a practical issue.
Ashlyn Kirkpatrick, 13, took first place as part of both the club's IJS and juvenile teams.
The administration says the government is in danger of defaulting for the first time in its history after an Aug. 2 deadline, unless Congress raises the $14.3 trillion federal debt ceiling so the U.S. can keep borrowing enough to pay its bills.
Concerning historic places that matter, reader Sue Bouchard of Orlando wrote about the Albin Polasek Museum and Sculpture Gardens in Winter Park (polasek.org).
"Your reputation is one of the most important things you have, so the extent you ... think carefully and strategically about what you are going to do to protect that reputation, especially in a time of crisis, is really important," Mancusi said. "It is not a question of just fancifully spinning something."
William David Brohn and Christopher Jahnke for "The Gershwins' Porgy and Bess"
4 to 5 cups chicken or mushroom stock
The Jets are loaded with depth on the defensive line, and that will allow Ryan to mix and match players at different spots. It could be Coples and Muhammad Wilkerson, the team's top pick last year, on the ends and Sione Pouha in the middle of the 3-4 base defense. Or, Ryan could rotate Coples with incumbent starter Mike DeVito, and mix in others such as Marcus Dixon, Ropati Pitoitua and Kenrick Ellis with a four-man front.
Jose Padilla Flores was one of the few people who still had electricity Thursday.
Anyway, we're celebrating Tom now. On March 3 there will be a benefit for his family at the Local 269 on East Houston Street in Manhattan. Some of Tom's friends and fans, mostly the ones who've gone through bands themselves, will sing and play their favorite Ff songs with a rotating backup band including Ff members past and present. I'm honored to be in that rotation, playing guitar and singing. I thought I was done gigging but for the occasional one-off, and maybe that's still true. But playing Tom's songs has brought me a joy that I have not felt from music in many, many years. It has reminded me how Ff will make you want to play music, they will make you want to write songs. Almost two decades later, their music once again makes me want to be in a band.
In Europe, most markets slipped following disappointing results from several major companies including Banco Santander and Deutsche Bank.
NRG Solar invested $300 million in the Ivanpah project, and Google (GOOG) invested $168 million. Utilities PG&E and Southern California Edison have signed long-term contracts to purchase the electricity. BrightSource was also awarded a $1.6 billion loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Energy.
The tears outnumbered the sequins on Monday's "Sobbing With the Stars."
Amanda Killgore, Crystal City
Wyatt asked the actor about his childhood, career, politics, dreams, hopes, fears and more, and Clooney replied with self-deprecating humor when he could but got serious when necessary.
Sachin R. Shinde, Oviedo; Anand A. Kulkarni, Oviedo; and David J. Mitchell, Oviedo. An apparatus and method for monitoring wear of components. Assigned to Siemens Energy, Inc., Orlando. (8,132,467)
Camby, 37, was acquired by the Blazers just before the 2010 trade deadline and has started at center for the team since. He averaged 4.7 points and 10.3 rebounds during 59 games last season. The 15-year NBA veteran and one-time defensive player of the year is entering the final season of a two-year contract with the Blazers.
MIT says in a background paper that developing hand gestures that would be recognized by sensors on the drone would be complicated -- but do-able."
In Woodstown Borough, one seat was open on the board. Newcomer Colleen M. Verton received 440 votes.
Where: Jackson Hall, Mondavi Center, UC Davis
Soon, we will gather around tables, taking care with the good china and folding the nice napkins. The smell of roasting turkey and bubbling gravy will mix with warm, fresh rolls. Pumpkin pie will sit on the counter, ready to be served. No doubt as soon as grace is said, someone will jump up from the table in search of a forgotten item. The broccoli, probably. Or maybe the sweet potatoes--the kind with marshmallows on top. It doesn't matter, something will be forgotten.
The board unanimously voted the parish’s request down.
The announcement, however, did little to appease Phillipsburg school officials, who are still angry that their district was passed over for a new high school.
The Egyptian-born Masri, the most prominent of the five men, shot to notoriety in Britain as the imam of a North London mosque who preached sermons extolling the Sept. 11 attacks, demanding the stoning of gay people and calling for the death of nonbelievers. He is currently serving a seven-year sentence in a British prison for inciting murder and racial hatred.
Despite that, there was plenty of competition from outside power suppliers in FirstEnergy's most recent wholesale auction, an indication that competition is still working.
"These jobs are a great way to join our organization and we feel that many professionals will choose to further their careers by advancing into one of thousands of full-time or part-time positions within the resort," the casino said in its statement.
When the project is completed, about 400 students will have 113,069 square feet of space to learn, walk, talk and run around and through. According to the board of education, the cost is estimated to top out at $25 million.
However, the weighty look of the space, which includes the rough timber ceiling, rusty-looking air ducts and a see-through metal grid separating the wine rack and the upstairs lounge, certainly has the rustic heft to go with Birnbaum's food. He's a guy who hails from Louisiana, where he worked with Paul Prudhomme, and spent a decade as the chef-owner of Catahoula in Calistoga. It's little wonder he chose a steakhouse theme and that everything on the menu, including the salads, have earthy, bold flavors.
2011: 40 TDs (13 pass); 1,141 yards rushing, 1,918 yards passing, 7 INT.
Your call will be confidential. That is a promise. No one will call the police if you call this number for help. These counselors believe, as do I, that the police want to put away your rapist forever. But right now, the counselors are putting their faith in you.
"We absolutely have access to food, fresh food and fresh vegetables," she said in an interview last week. She pointed to community gardens dotting the neighborhood and a wide variety of fresh foods available for free at a Hough Avenue food pantry run by the Faith Temple Church of God.
The running sketch giving the episode its title involves the annoying alt-couple, Spyke (Fred Armisen) and Irys (Brownstein). You may recognize Spyke as the haranguing "bicycle rights!" guy from season 1, the one with a goatee and giant holes in his pierced ear lobes. And he hasn't gotten any less self-righteously irritating. True to how they spell their names, Spyke and Irys are working overtime to let everyone know that they're not like conventional types. Which makes their meeting with a primly professional wedding planner (played by the actress who was the patient waitress in season 1's Colin the chicken sketch) appropriately ridiculous.
The Pacers have already surpassed their win total for each of the past five seasons despite playing a 66-game schedule instead of 82:
Yes, it makes repeating a grade an option, but only with the approval of the parents and teacher. Without the ability to read well by third grade, all other learning becomes an uphill battle. Students who do not read at grade level by the end of third grade are six times more likely to drop out of high school.
Cities should have systematic inspections. They also should increase the amount of capital improvement money set aside to repair these crucial pathways.
The defense says they're tough-talking, good old boys who had no real plans to harm anyone.
last days of his life wearing a diaper while boarded up in a closet. When Ryon was freed, he was beaten to death by his mother's boyfriend, prosecutors said Tuesday.
He cited the late City Councilwoman Kay Everett's much-publicized threat to a colleague during a televised meeting.
Now the electricity is gone, short-circuited by injury and illness. Only the memories remain.
The storm will have other ramifactions as well. Owners will take their damaged houses off the market for repairs and it could be a while before the properties are ready to show. New kitchens or floors will be one perk for new buyers, but the fact remains — the house is in a flood zone. With Irene fresh on their minds, few buyers are willing to gamble on these kinds of houses, no matter the price.
Kramer was born on March 25, 1928, in Gloucester, Mass. He studied English and philosophy at Syracuse University in the 1940s, when he helped organize a gallery and artists' studios in an abandoned downtown building.
His father said, "Are you sure you aren't doing this because of her?"
The Cougars can pound the ball with some of the better teams in the area. They have two of the top attackers in the area in Josh Comer, who led Affton with 10 kills against Parkway Central, and Sean Benedict, who had nine kills vs. the Colts.
Once again, I apologize. No excuses.
The favorite in London at 55 kilograms is a wrestler named Saori Yoshida. She won gold in Athens (2004) and in Beijing (2008). She's widely recognized as the most decorated male or female wrestler on the planet, winning 119 consecutive matches at one point. Yoshida has won seven straight world championships at 55 kilograms and won every world- and international-level tournament she has entered.
As it's been since the recession began in 2007, North Dakota was the least-stressed state, with a score of 3.88. It was followed by Nebraska (5.27), South Dakota (5.58), New Hampshire (6.38) and Vermont (6.39).
They turned in their best performance of the season in a 3-1 victory over the Reds, riding the arm of Jeff Samardzija.
Katherine Jenkins and USA TODAY blogger Mark Ballas Mark Ballas performed a Viennese waltz that included a spinning move that looked almost painful to her back and she hit the floor and then arched and had to come out of it. It was a moment that didn't quite work right and the judges noted it, but also praised her technique and lines. Said Carrie Ann, "You lost your balance. You weren't on your footing." The crowd started booing and the other judges argued. Scores: 8, 9, 9 = 26
A popular place for children to play, the park had been closed in late November after a den of coyotes was spotted living on private property next door.
Hernandez told authorities he didn’t know the dance was being recorded until a stranger -- armed with a still image from the video -- threatened to release it if he didn’t drop out. Soon afterward, Salinas and City Manager Jaime Aguilera were arrested on suspicion of extortion and other charges, partly based on evidence from Aguilera's computer. They have pleaded not guilty.
Brenner declined to comment on the number of potential jobs.
Kessler said investigators based their timeline of events on a number of assumptions about Aaron LaRose's whereabouts after the divorce hearing.
"The whole stadium is short on water," Wasiklewski said. "We put out everything we had. But when we ran out, we had to go to our warehouse to get more. And on a game day, that can take some time."
7-9:30 p.m.: Varsity championship finals.
Paterno testified before the grand jury that the graduate assistant told him in 2002 about the assault he had witnessed, and that he relayed the report to his superior, athletic director Tim Curley.
Depending on what he hears, Block has several options.
When it struck at 4:53 p.m. local time on Jan. 12, the walls of College Ste. Andre folded inward onto some 90 young nursing students and teachers before the roof toppled downward, sealing the fate of all but a handful.
With the Afghan government clamoring for justice, nothing less seems appropriate, pending the thorough Army investigation into the horrible episode in which nine of the fatalities are said to have been children and others women. At least six other villagers were wounded.
Behr scored with 14:39 left to tie the game; she then scored again 24 seconds later to give the Markers a lead they would not relinquish.
In 2005, the lay board named Bozek - then a priest in the Springfield-Cape Girardeau diocese - as its pastor, something only bishops can do.
Typically, judges schedule their work around vacations, arranging for colleagues to handle matters that cannot be deferred. Peebles did get other judges to cover part of her work while she was gone Oct. 11 to Oct. 21: recently arrested inmates who must appear in front of a judge. But not the rest.
"What local officials would have headed it here?" Cordray asked. "They were all involved or potentially involved in this. It was not really an option."
Elliott, 25, has played in 43 games for Ottawa this season. His record is 13-19-8 with a 3.19 goals-against average and three shutouts.
<U+0093>It<U+0092>s something that will have a little bit of a trickle down effect for all the bowls, especially if it<U+0092>s outside the current bowl system,<U+0094> Hoffman said. <U+0093>That would obviously take out four more teams that everybody else has to choose from now.
In Flames, Trivium, Veil of Maya, Kying 7:30 p.m. Feb. 13. $25-$28. Four-packs: $77.
Strong March retail sales helped push the Dow up. The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury fell.
On the Aug. 2 ballot in Ohio, 20 school issues asked voters for more money. Only two of the levies that were not renewals were approved.
The NFL said Detroit was the best logistical fit given that Fox television camera crews were there to cover the Lions' game against Green Bay on Sunday.
The state Department of Education has not responded to a request for comment.
You want something truly different? Check out Lenovo's new Yoga. It's a conventional laptop whose 13-inch screen turns almost a full 360 degrees. Once you've bent the screen past 180, the Yoga disables its mechanical keyboard and it becomes a tablet device.
Sarkozy is the first French president to divorce and remarry while in office. He is the father of three sons and, as of last year, a daughter with former supermodel Carla Bruni-Sarkozy, his third wife.
If you want cutting edge cuisine, you pretty much will need to head south, but if you want to stay in the neighborhood, Calistoga has many options. Think humble: Mexican, barbecue and good ol' American fare. For a "fancy" meal there's the new Solbar in the Solage resort that's worth a drive from just about anywhere, but it's in Calistoga's backyard.
Chuck looked up at his grandson and screamed, "Get it off me! Get it off me!"
The fun McMillan referred to was also not limited to the court. As is the case, the locker room was much more lively after the win, and Mills was the star. With the media converged around Mills' locker for postgame comments, his teammates took the opportunity to have some fun with the second-year point guard.
“Ninety nine percent of the time, they get out by themselves,” Wallerstein said. “If not, we'll get more aggressive. But we're going to wait and see.”
If music is the oldest of the arts - created when our earliest ancestors discovered the effects of rhythmic drumming and of singing - dance surely wasn't far behind, as they learned to move to the music that stirred them so.
"I think it's a huge story. It might end up being ... one of the biggest political process stories since Watergate," he said.
Diegnan’s concerns about the Republican governor’s proposals — which will require legislative action from a statehouse controlled by Democrats — are reflected in research published in the past five weeks by Vanderbilt University and the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank based in Virginia Beach.
No, we're not saying it's better than a game against the Lakers <U+0096> especially if the Kings win <U+0096> but tonight's annual fanfest allows fans to see the team in a relaxed setting, get autographs, take photos and watch a scrimmage.
That Hasay was even running was a surprise to her, given that she was scheduled to be on a plane to Bydgoszcz, Poland, on Friday for the IAAF World Junior Championships. Hasay, who was ranked 31st in a qualifying field of 30 runners, flew to Eugene without a guarantee she would compete.
The donations may also represent Wal-Mart playing a bit of catch-up with other grocers. The nation's second-largest supermarket chain, Kroger Co., donated 50 million pounds of food in 2009.
Sellers of counterfeit and pirated goods cheat the people who invested time and money to create the authentic versions. A simple word describes what it means when you take something that someone else owns and sell it without permission.
Clinique Long Last Glosswear SPF 15
This all made the McJaygate saga of three years ago between Josh McDaniels and Jay Cutler seem like little more than a low-rated soap opera.
The property was purchased from Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne in 2007 for $11.5 million, according to public records.
Those portions of Zimmerman's account are not corroborated by other evidence, the source said.
As Bluhm and the other girls strutted their stuff at the corner of 57th St. and Eighth Ave., many passersby stopped and a number clapped approvingly.
I am also disabled and travel often. I recommend that disabled persons contact the hotel and ask if they have an accessible room with a roll-in shower. This assures you that there are rails in the shower as well as rails around the toilet.
"He was being picked on and that’s all there is to it," Mottola, who joined Lennon and his dad in a father-son bowling league. "I’m pretty upset over the whole ordeal."
"When we recorded the sides in this album . . . there was one unvarying reaction: Every time Aretha began a song, the musicians would shake their heads in wonder. After each take was completed, they would rush from the studio into the control room to hear the playback. Producers, engineers and musicians alike were entranced by Aretha's purity of tone, her tremendous feeling for inspired variation and her unparalleled dynamics."
Morris was a "very private, reserved person" who taught music and music appreciation at a Long Island school district before retiring in the early 1970s. He enjoyed reading and the vacation cabin was full of books, Fields said.
The addition of the wave pool is, in fact, the largest expansion in Clementon Park and Splash World’s 105-year history.
Kesselring, boxed on the final turn, saw an opening as she came onto the home straight. She zipped into the lead and held off Oklahoma State’s Natalja Piliusina to win 2:02.15, a personal record.
1 HEATHER GREEN $89,000
Police, firefighters and workers in the city clerk's office are exempt from the "temporary layoff" or furlough days, which must be taken on Fridays between April 1 and June 30, according to Mack's spokeswoman Lauren Ira.
However, nobody I know seems to share those memories, and whenever I've mentioned Redwood Burger - even to people who grew up near there - I get shrugs and blank expressions. It makes me feel like Dorothy coming back from Oz to black-and-white Kansas: "It was a real place . . . and it was wonderful!"
City staff also presented documents that showed how other communities charge inmates a booking fee to help offset the added cost, citing similar fees collected in Cowlitz County, Wash.
Today, the industry remains one of the most potent forces in city politics — strong enough, it seems, to defeat even a billionaire mayor’s bid for a minor reform.
"I think she's willing to ask the tough questions, whereas in the past, it was, 'we're not going to go there,'" Simila said.
Ted and Carol Magee, who live across the street and down a few houses, said they were awakened by screams around 3 a.m.
So what to pack as a side dish in that daily test of resolve, aka, the school lunch? Served day in and day out, carrots and apples — no matter how you slice them — are capital-B Boring. Still …
If you're big and complain loudly enough, Illinois will give you a tax break.
Meanwhile oil prices rose slightly. Benchmark U.S. crude oil gained 30 cents to $107.33 per barrel. In London, Brent crude for May delivery fell 45 cents to $125.20 per barrel on the ICE Futures exchange.
The federal government, which will create exchanges if states don't, awarded a $48 million grant to help Oregon offer its exchange on the Internet.
10. There are too many real-world examples of unfree societies with only one political party, or with personality cults and thought control instead of parties, resulting in brutal tyranny. Hence the impossibility of Kenny's nonpartisan future. It's a fantasy, and ominous at that.
Anderson came into the postseason averaging 16.1 points and 7.7 rebounds, making him the Magic's leader in both categories with Dwight Howard out for the season following back surgery. Through three playoff games he's averaging 7.6 points.
A rich square of house-made shortbread was a fit ending.
"We see no reason why we wouldn't be ripe," he said.
HITTING: Kyle Conley knocked a solo home run. ... Chris Edmonson singled. ... Cody Stanley had a two-run double. ... Romulo Ruiz singled and scored. ... Joey Bergman went 1-for-2. ... Jonathan Rodriguez walked twice and scored. ... Colin Walsh singled in his only at-bat.
1/2 teaspoon ground pepper, plus additional freshly ground pepper to taste
Morton's, The Steakhouse: 9 p.m. Dec. 31. Ring in the new year with a four-course dinner paired with a collection of wines from Francis Ford Coppola's California vineyards. Reservations requested. Francis Ford Coppola Wine Dinner, 2501 E. Camelback Road, Phoenix. $225 per couple; $112.50 per person. 602-955-9577. www.mortons.com/.
vJohn A. Cimino*
A woman starts giving Vinny what for all intents and purposes is a lap dance at the club, and when he excuses himself for a moment, The Situation moves in on her, and then she starts giving The Situation a lap dance. Ronnie and Sammi leave around 4 a.m.; he says they've been there since midnight, and five hours is enough. No, that is not a typo.
Complaints were expected. But what happens when budget cuts and the law collide?
Howard and Robinson know they'll never be as cheap as having clothes made in China, because labor costs will always be higher here, they say. But local designers say the quality control, and chance to keep production logistics simple and local, are worth the cost.
Jones was a drummer in the FAMU band last fall and plays drums on Sundays at St. Mary's Missionary Baptist Church in Parrish, near Bradenton, where he is also a junior deacon, his attorney Adamson said.
Andrew Luger, who represents Beckman, said in a recent letter to the court that he obtained some information during discovery that might help attorneys in Switzerland track down the investors' money. But he's barred by the protective order from sharing it. Thompson objects to sharing information regarding investors who aren't parties to the lawsuit. Luger asked a magistrate judge to help resolve the impasse.
Now, he said, every time the agency gets near the end of a cyber case, "we get to the point where we say, how are we going to do this, how are we going to clean the system" without creating a bigger mess than before.
OPENING CELEBRATION: A public opening celebration for the 2012 MFA Thesis Exhibition, featuring thesis projects by Master of Fine Arts candidates in the Washington University Graduate School of Art, is from 7 to 9 p.m. May 4 at the university's Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum. The exhibit runs through Aug. 6. Visit kemperartmuseum.wustl.edu or call 314-935-4523.
Fed officials are debating how much further to go to signal a likely timetable for any rate changes. Under one option, the Fed would start forecasting the levels it envisions for the funds rate over the subsequent two years. It could publish this forecast, as it now does its economic outlook, four times a year.
Oweis said in an interview that he did not want to discuss the situation for this article. He wants to practice again, but board officials said he is not in compliance with the orders against him and has not paid his civil penalties or attended required education sessions.
Ramos, a 10-year-veteran of the Fullerton Police Department, is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter. Cicinelli, who has worked in Fullerton since 1999, is charged with involuntary manslaughter and excessive force. Both have pleaded not guilty.
TRENTON — Armed with picket signs and union banners, more than 6,500 police and firefighters descended on the Statehouse Thursday with a message for Gov. Chris Christie: We are not the enemy.
On sunny days, bright lures work better. For this weekend, for instance, we'd probably switch to a red/black Needlefish, silver/purple Humdinger and jointed Rapala in the color that is called "clown" (yellow with a red head), and then stack them on a downrigger so it looked like the Rapala (small fish) was chasing the Needlefish (minnow).
Soule guessed Jacob Simon likely used his father's own weapons against him since Peter Simon was a collector of guns and knives.
Stanley Patz didn't respond to phone calls and email messages Thursday. A man who answered the buzzer at the family's apartment, just a few doors down from the building being searched, said they wouldn't be speaking to the media.
The Lions return all three starters from last year in Durant, Tulloch and restricted free agent DeAndre Levy, and could add as many as two more linebackers to the roster either through the draft or free agency (special-teams ace Isaiah Ekejiuba is their last unrestricted free agent at the position).
He flipped when he found out it was Dozier
The second took place Monday, March 22, when Officer Jason Walters shot and killed Jack Dale Collins, a homeless man who reportedly had been causing a disturbance in Hoyt Arboretum. The officer fired on Collins when he advanced toward him with a knife.
Gundlach Bundschu, 2000 Denmark St., Sonoma; (707) 938-5277 or gunbun.com. Tasting room open 11 a.m.-4:30 p.m. daily.
Brewer has been "rock solid when it came to defending Arizona against the merciless and unwarranted attacks against the good name of and reputation of d this state," said Brian Livingston, the Arizona Police Association's executive director.
The jury was empaneled after lawyers spent a day and a half of questioning a pool of about 120 people. Potential jurors' exposure to media coverage of the case was a challenge. About 80 percent of the 40 jurors questioned Thursday morning said they had read or seen reports on the Johnsons.
Though Sheedy paid back some of the money she stole, much of that has already been spent.
The Spanish-style hacienda, built in 1927, retains the original painted beams in the living room. Nearly 7,000 square feet of living space include seven bedrooms, five bathrooms and maid's quarters with a bathroom in the main house and a one-bedroom, one-bathroom guesthouse. The main house, on more than one-third of an acre, opens to a swimming pool.
A better criticism of the board is that if healthcare costs go up rapidly, it will have to recommend changes that generate savings right away. That tight time frame favors short-term fixes, such as cutting doctors' fees, that could hinder access to care. Rather than addressing those problems and drawing bipartisan support, however, the House GOP proposed to replace the board with a controversial set of limits on medical malpractice claims, assuring the bill's demise in the Senate. Lawmakers' track record on Medicare shows that they don't have the political will to hold down spending. Despite the new board's potential faults, it's a better approach than having no restraints at all.
"You are your own stories," Morrison said.
"Mr. Bun was committed to the state after only two months of serving probation," Johnson said.
The Browns have other needs that they will address in the later rounds, but how good did they do in the first round?
The whistle-blower also documented Wiles' failures to verify his devices to ensure accuracy and urged a full investigation to safeguard "the integrity of bridge foundations traveled over by the public."
This is a good destination to shoot for if you want to take a walk north from Pass-a-Grille. It's about 20 minutes from the Hurricane Restaurant. Remember, this is a resort, so pretend to be nonchalant when they announce your bill for a vodka and grapefruit juice: $9.40. Gulp! But it's a large to-go cup and lasts all the way back (but you didn't hear that from us, if you know what we mean). Or you can hang out and look at the pretty people living their dream vacation. Don't be afraid to jump in the pool. After all, you'll earn your way in with all that expensive booze. 3400 Gulf Blvd., St. Pete Beach, (727) 360-1881
Happy hour: 4-7 p.m. and 9 p.m.-close Monday-Friday, all day Saturday and Sunday
Texas retired McCoy's jersey, No. 12, this season.
Last year, an alleged co-defendant of Thompson's, Blanca Contreras of Tampa, Fla., was sentenced to five years in prison for her role in the scam. Contreras had pleaded guilty to theft, money laundering and other charges related to allegations she handled nearly $475,000 in Ohio donations for the charity.
King's daughter, the Rev. Bernice King, said her family is proud to witness the memorial's dedication. She said it was a long time coming and had been a priority for her mother, Coretta Scott King, who died in 2006.
After the team went through a rare practice at Bankers Life Fieldhouse Monday, the mood was cautiously optimistic. A realist might point out that the Wizards have the third-worst record in the league. But the Blazers were more eager to note that Washington was one-game removed from defeating the Los Angeles Lakers and the Wizards thumped the Blazers at the Rose Garden in February.
Ardea, a biotechnology company based in San Diego, develops small-molecule therapeutics. Under the agreement, AstraZeneca will acquire Ardea for $32 a share, a 54% premium to the target company's closing share price Friday. The deal represents a total cash value of some $1.26 billion, including existing cash.
Christine Jarrett was reported missing on Jan. 5, 1991. Robert Jarrett told police that she had walked away after an argument. She was 34 years old at the time.
The low, relatively cool fire burns undergrowth, which helps with future fire suppression by eliminating fuel and providing a potential base for fighting fires in other areas.
John Drury is the human form of a baseball automatic pitching machine. He just keeps throwing ideas out there, one after another after another.
The Maryland Department of the Environment acknowledges that the requirement could add thousands of dollars to the cost of a new home. Maryland builders contend that the added cost is not justified by scientific findings.
Mrs. Smith had her own special way of doing things, said Peter Glover, her son-in-law. The first thing you should know, he said, is that she was a kisser. The second thing you should know, don’t cross her.
Its sugar mills, born amid a 19th century boom, died about 60 years ago. The paved highway didn't arrive until the mid-1980s, about the time the first American expat artist, Charles Stewart, moved in. With no airport, no marina, no golf and virtually no nightlife, downtown amounts to just a few blocks of newish galleries, inns and shops in oldish buildings. Outside town, cardón cactuses stipple the hills, and miles of lonely beaches roar under assault by waves so wicked that surfers and swimmers must pick their spots carefully.
The Entrepreneurs Club of America professional development seminar: 7:15-9:15 a.m. at Cuyahoga Community College Corporate College East, 4400 Richmond Road, Warrensville Heights. Topic: "Developing Proposals that Work for You." $30. To register, go to tinyurl.com/ylx4d3q
Round of 16: Saturday
Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez, who noted that her office has faced recent budget and staff cuts, added that "the cost that really is laid on local prosecutors is enormous."
In the long run, Riley said, the change probably will save the government money.
"The other side of the dilemma is what risk does Mr. Risse’s release on bail pose to the victim in this case," Reed said. "I conclude the risk is real and it is substantial."
He’s posturing, of course, but that’s today’s NBA. The team that wants to drop $109 million on him is now being told to chill for a few days, let the season take its natural course, live with the consequences, and put on a happy face as Howard bolts to Brooklyn.
"It's about fourfold what we usually would see," she said.
And how about this cautionary attitude to religion: "More commonly/religion has prompted vile and vicious acts." His viewpoint, unfortunately, is all too familiar to us.
The town does have a contract with a garbage hauling that effectively gives the company first right to scrap metal put out on the curb; what Bruno called a “non-scavenging clause” that requires no ordinance.
-- When salary, health benefits and retirement benefits are lumped together, Phoenix employees are also undercompensated compared to the private sector by at least 3 percentage points, according to a comparison of 150 positions.
The woman had spotted a TV crew in the lobby and nervously asked Belfer whether the building was being sold.
<U+0093>Well, that will be to the penny,<U+0094> he said to an eruption of laughter.
The Romney campaign did not respond to requests for clarification.
A light spinning rod spooled with 8-pound test braided line and tipped with a two-hook crappie rig and a half-ounce sinker was ready to go. Pressey threaded on a couple of emerald shiner minnows as I rigged a second rod for perch fishing.
The center is open Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., and is located at: MetroHealth Medical Center, Women & Children's Pavilion, First Floor, Room 1304, 2500 MetroHealth Drive.
The Atlantic Cape Community College study recommends that West Cape May Elementary School, which has 35 students, close and send its students to Cape May on a tuition basis. Cape May Point already sends its three elementary school students to Cape May, the report said.
"He's hitting every day. That's the most important thing," said Mozeliak. "And he's been running, too."
"John gave me a chance to build this, to put it on the map, and you build a lot of relationships along the way,'' he said. "These have been the best three years of my career.''
A: Hey, Paul: 1. DE Jabaal Sheard often overpursues and leaves a big running lane on the edge. 2. I can't foresee taking Peyton Hillis off the field on third downs and replacing him with Armond Smith. 3. D'Qwell Jackson is the middle linebacker, Chris Gocong the right outside linebacker. 4. Adams had a strong camp and Young never played because of a hamstring injury. Not a tough call, in my opinion. 5. Mitchell was drafted by Tom Heckert, Williams was not. Given the fact neither has stood out, draft status usually is the tie-breaker. I don't believe Williams is eligible for practice squad.
Matheny is a special hospital and educational facility for children and adults with medically complex developmental disabilities. All funds raised at Miles for Matheny will help support the Matheny Center of Medicine and Dentistry, which provides medical, dental and therapy care to Matheny inpatients and to people with disabilities in the community.
Once she won, the folks from Pillsbury took her in hand. They even bought her clothes to wear as made the rounds of television shows. (Khaki slacks, turtleneck sweaters, white socks, loafers, a belt. The sweaters scratched, but Mathews was too grateful to complain.)
Clemons said in a 2010 interview with The Associated Press then that he was winning his battles — including severe, chronic pain and post-surgical depression. His sense of humor helped.
"I think she's still hoping it goes back to 1998. She saw my involvement in technology as courting distraction. And I always said, 'These are the new rules.'"
TONY HONORS FOR EXCELLENCE IN THE THEATER: B.H. Barry and Tim Viola.
When the race gun goes off at 6 a.m. Sunday, Kyle will have a cheering section. His wife will be there, along with their two toddler boys, his mom, a sister-in-law, a sister and some friends.
D’Onofrio had sought to bar Hopler from owning weapons based on the Oct. 7, 2008 accidental shooting. D’Onofrio argued at a hearing Aug. 12 that Hopler, 47, had argued that Hopler stores his guns in an unsafe manner. Hopler kept weapons “unsecured throughout his house” and “negligently shot himself,” D’Onofrio argued.
"I believe I always, always thought about what was right for the people," said Blagojevich as his wife, Patti, stood by his side and teared up.
To give just two examples, more than 200,000 golden coins and thousands of other pieces were created to convincingly fill a vault at Gringotts bank, and so much furniture and objects were bought to make Hogwarts' enormous Room of Requirement look more crowded than Charles Foster Kane's storehouse that the set dressing department was busy for months buying up bric-a-brac. Nothing's too good for our Harry.
"You don't quit because you happen to be behind," he said. "You want to see how you do. And who knows? Maybe somebody will stumble."
At the Dollar Shave Club, customers sign up for one of three plans that give them a razor and a supply of blades every month. The twin-blade plan costs $1 a month plus $2 in shipping. For $6 a month, users can get a four-bladed razor and four cartridges a month. The "Executive" plan, at $9 a month, brings a six-bladed razor and three cartridges a month.
But these days, everything is coming up green and, forgive us, groovy. Buying delicious, locally and humanely raised food is the new righteous way to save your health and your planet. Wal-Mart shoppers can buy organic food, and the first family is planting vegetables on the first lawn.
"Critical infrastructure upgrades such as new street lighting help to secure and strengthen our neighborhoods while encouraging private investment and economic development in our communities," Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a press release.
The headmaster, the Rev. Michael Brunner, said in a statement that Brandon was the last runner in the pack and that a coach trailed about 10 feet behind when Brandon stumbled and fell into the road.
6:35: Tiger chips his third shot on No. 16 and the line is excellent but it rolls about 7 feet past. He'll have that for a birdie.
All three are members of Team USA, which will compete in the IAAF World Championships. The meet begins August 27 in Daegu, South Korea.
Cinco de Mayo cocktails:
Malama, which means "care for" or "maintain," became our friends' first Hawaiian word. A few of the polyglot campers even started using mauka (toward the mountains) and makai (toward the sea) for directions, east-west-north-south being almost worthless on an island whose geography is as jagged as Oahu's.
The city of Seven Hills will sponsor a community night at Progressive Field during a game between the Indians and Minnesota Twins at 7:15 p.m. June 2.
Very little. Opening previously restricted areas to drilling would cut oil prices by less than 3 cents a gallon by 2030, which would have little effect on gasoline prices, according to Michael A. Levi, an energy expert at the Council on Foreign Relations.
"Julius is an enormous factor on anybody's team because you just have to pay so much attention to where he is because he can change the game in one play," said Sea-hawks coach Pete Carroll. "So we have to find ways to keep him from being the factor. They have enough really outstanding players on that football team that they call for us in many areas to really pay attention to them."
Do you give tours to prospects?
Drive and impel
The smell of tear gas still hung in the basement. Wine glasses lined a bar. As he approached the closet where the bodies were found, a cold breeze ran past him.
3: Times since 2000 the UConn women's basketball team was not in the final four. This will be the Huskies' fifth straight trip.
For example, depositors are grumbling about low interest rates. The bank itself, our excess funds that we sell overnight to another institution earns us only about 20 basis points. We're not gouging anybody.
A strong argument can be made that healthier children are more ready to learn. Healthy children also have fewer school absences, are more engaged in their studies and quite possibly will behave better. Now, what educator would work against that outcome?
“I think what we’re seeing in the survey is that a lot of folks are uninformed about the streetcar or just aren’t paying attention to it,” said Horvick. “Even though it was the top-rated issue, 82 percent of the people didn’t mention streetcar as the most important. This was probably the first time they were hearing any cost information at all.”
Padrick made the explosive claim that the largest bank based in Oregon aided and abetted a Ponzi-like scheme implemented by the top executives of Summit.
If Hollande wins the election Sunday, concerns about Obama's backing for Sarkozy could color Hollande's first meeting with Obama two weeks later. The two men have never met.
Delaney said she hopes the money allows other families to provide the kind of housing her family has, describing a warm and supportive atmosphere in the home her son, Bob, shares with one man and three women.
Singapore company registration specialist Rikvin affirms that the views presented by the Institute of Policy Studies (IPS) is the way to move forward in order to complement Singapore's core workforce. http://www.rikvin.com/
The group still needs to raise money to buy and install solar panels as well as more chairs. (Visit the June Key Delta Community Center donation page for more information.)
McBride said the rental caps are unique to Minnesota and the suit seeks to establish that they are unconstitutional.
PARSIPPANY — Morris County Prosecutor Robert Bianchi said through a spokesman that a landscaper working on Sylvan Way behind an industrial park “discovered what appeared to be human skeletal remains."
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control got flu death information from 12 states, including Oregon, that together account for about 50 percent of the Native American population. In those states, 426 died from H1N1 flu between April 15 and Nov. 13, the CDC reported; 42 of the dead were Native Americans. Natives died at four times the rate of people of all other racial and ethnic groups combined.
For Griffith, the endowment serves a dual purpose — serving as a model for other companies to support education with similar endowments, while encouraging the county’s students to attend schools in Gloucester County.
In early 1862, Confederate President Jefferson Davis created the Confederate Territory of Arizona. That finally got Washington's attention, and President Abraham Lincoln swept in, creating the Territory of Arizona on Feb. 24, 1863. He established the boundary line that divides it from New Mexico to this day.
And each of those packages usually means golfers (mostly men) in groups of eight or more.
Alvarez records items, names and phone numbers, should any veteran return with a change of heart. "It's awkward and sad."
The fire was devastating, burning at least parts of about 23 buildings, leaving at least 20 people without homes and dozens more at least temporarily without electricity and contending with smoke damage.
The school bus had students from the Normandy Parkway Elementary School, Ferrone said.
“She'll be able to impart some knowledge and wisdom to out women, to view their opportunities a little differently."
When the Los Angeles City Council voted in May to boycott Arizona over its new immigration law, Corporation Commissioner Gary Pierce, who is running for re-election, sent a sarcastic letter to the LA mayor suggesting his city stop taking power from Arizona power plants. It was an empty threat because Arizona regulators can't shut off power to Los Angeles.
Romney: The idea of taking money out of union workers, out of their wages, to go into political action committees, I think is a mistake. I think it violates the principle of people being able to make their own choice.
The mother of two was arrested in October on charges of agreeing to pay $10,000 to an undercover federal agent who posed as a hit man to kill her former boyfriend's girlfriend.
Waukee High Schools 63, St. Ignatius 53
The Hallahans lived in Peoria, Ill., and targeted family, friends and elderly victims by promising significant returns on investments. They also defrauded investors by selling interests in a tanning salon they later sold without telling investors. They were actually running a Ponzi scheme, repaying earlier investors with proceeds from new ones.
11775 SW Lynnfield Ln; 4,106 square feet; on 2/28/2012 for $648,065
Tuesday: at PACERS, 7 p.m.
Divided into separate groups sitting at about 90 tables on the floor of Public Hall at the Cleveland Convention Center, the teams leaped from their chairs in fiercely enthusiastic bids for a spot on the stage.
From that point on, the newcomer to sets and blocks - and several of his teammates - really dug their new-found sport, and began playing year-round.
There is a dearth of data from independent groups regarding impairment from prescription drugs in the workplace, partly because the issue has not drawn broad scrutiny. But Quest Diagnostics, a prominent provider of workplace drug tests, said that the rate of employees testing positive for prescription opiates rose by more than 40 percent from 2005 to 2009, and by 18 percent last year alone. The data, culled from the results of more than 500,000 drug tests, also indicated that workers who were tested for drugs after accidents were four times more likely to have opiates in their systems than those tested before being hired.
The Cerdas, who filed bankruptcy in 2008, sold the house within months, claiming they could not afford the increased cost of operating the home.
Doctors said this is the latest over-the-counter product teens have adapted for a quick high.
In 2006, Kosiba was the highest-ranking city official to testify at the corruption trial that culminated with the conviction of Robert Sorich, who was Mayor Richard M. Daley's patronage chief.
Buzz: I like Cera, but I don't know how many more softly spoken scenes I can take from Mr. Sensitive. In this adventure-comedy, he's being harassed by his new girlfriend's seven exes.
"My lotion actually keeps your tan on for a long time," she said.
On the palate, it's less sweet than the nose would suggest — in fact, hoppier than sweet, with a long, dryish, medium-bitter finish. Big Bear Black Stout actually registers 55 International Bittering Units, which is well up in IPA territory, though it's not as bitter as many a West Coast insane IPA (if you're in the mood for insane hoppiness, try Bear Republic Brewing Co.'s Red Rocket Ale). It's also fairly strong, 8.1% alcohol.
Steve Bousquet: Yes. Not as an independent but NPA (no party affiliation). It's his only chance.
Expanded offerings at the storefront include tamales (chicken with salsa verde or Oaxaca cheese with pickled jalapenos and epazote, $2.50 each), along with chorizo and potato tacos with spicy cilantro crema and tacos al pastor, adobo-marinated pork with onions, cilantro and pineapple ($4.50 each).
Tutors are usually available from 9 a.m. until 10 p.m., seven days a week. Hours of availability in specific subjects may vary. If a tutor is not available, a student can submit a question to be answered later.
As with especially Neil and Buckley -- and, of course, the late Sandy Denny, the timeless Leonard Cohen and Orton's contemporary, Chan Marshall -- the instrumentation and casual-feeling arrangements ultimately serve the voice, which in turn is a vehicle for the lyrics.
Jumping Jack Flash, celebrating the Rolling Stones, hits the mission grounds Aug. 18 to break that "heart of stone" and get everyone on the dance floor.
"This is a fundraiser that was conceived by our patrons and our community, and we are very grateful for their support," Dobbs said in an email to The Star. "It will honor two hometown heroes (Van Arsdale and his twin brother Dick) and their mother, who had a great passion for the library."
Monell's. Southern specialties are chosen by the kitchen staff daily and served family-style; there is no menu. You're seated at a large table with other diners and served the day's offerings (a lot of food). Lunch $11.85, dinner $13.68-$16.43, brunch on Saturdays and Sundays, $13.95. 1235 6th Ave. North. 615-248-4747, www.tnmonells.com
Cleveland is not, nor will it ever be, a cab "hail town." But we can improve, Smith says.
The woman, in her 80s, was in her back yard on Rainbow Ridge Lane, off Capri Road, when the two strangers showed up. They claimed they were owed money, sheriff's Sgt. Clayton Lisk said.
Nickname: Spartans. Coach: Tom Izzo.
Let it play out. Let this team show what it can do at full strength. We've seen what the Heat has done this season, and it has been pretty scary at times. The team has set the bar high.
Paging Andy Pettitte. Paging Andy Pettitte.
"We think the building should be demolished immediately," Frangos wrote. "The building is very old, dilapidated, obsolete and presents no historical, architectural or other significance to the city of Cleveland. The building should be razed and the property made safe and secure."
Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants, based in San Francisco, has committed to opening 140 hotel rooms on the second through 10th floors of the building. An investor group led by Steve Calabrese plans to turn the ground level into a hotel lobby, retail space and a specialty restaurant run by Kimpton. Floors 11 through 14 will house 24 luxury apartments.
"It was like 'Oh, here we go again,'" Sessions said.
'Castle'
Fuerst, who plans to retire at the end of 2012, said the job is tougher than critics realize.
“This plant will be at 100 percent capacity — to the max,” Johnson, of Brook Park, said.
Israel King, 25, of Cleveland: Pleaded guilty Wednesday to multiple counts of pandering sexually-oriented material involving a minor and illegal use of a minor in nude material.
He was the kind of guy who had friends in high places and low places, from janitors to pro scouts to legends. Dean Smith, the Hall of Fame basketball coach at North Carolina, became close to the Faa when he came to Jersey City to recruit high school star Mike O’Koren.
The BZT property, formerly bank-owned, is one of a dozen or so buildings struggling with high vacancy in the city's longtime financial district. A group of downtown advocates and real estate brokers is trying to recast the area as a mixed-use neighborhood that can attract new office tenants, residents and retailers.
So despite his insistence that he does not plan to run against a fellow Democratic incumbent in 2012, the odds are he will have to do exactly that if he wants to remain in Congress. And once again, it will be the voters of Greater Cleveland who will decide his fate.
That day has arrived and it is taking over our tiny yard. We need to prune it, but I'm a bit in a quandary about the best approach. I've been pruning roses for years, so I have an idea about shaping, etc., but would really appreciate some tips.
Atlanta: Auburn Avenue from Peachtree Street to Boulevard -- traffic improvements
Another operator asked Skopec if he has been drinking.
Laundry was stolen Tuesday from Family Wash Day, in the 200 block of North Philadelphia Boulevard.
13. Stanford (25-10)
"It was kind of surreal to me, because something like that — I didn't think it would happen to me at this point in my career," Jack said. "I was expecting the hard work to pay off. But it was a minor setback. I've got to get back in there this summer and just keep working hard."
My first thought was, "I did not know milk came with the cereal." My next thought was, "Since when is a chocolate rice cereal -- and one of my favorite sugar cereals over the years, by the way -- an excellent source of vitamin D, let alone other vitamins and minerals?"
Is natural gas cleaner than oil? The only byproducts of burning natural gas are carbon dioxide and water. Natural gas does not produce the complex unburned hydrocarbons that are common in burning oil and its derivatives (requiring catalytic converters on cars and trucks), nor does natural gas produce the sulfur dioxides or nitrous oxides present in coal emissions. Natural gas produces only half the carbon dioxide for the equivalent heat produced by coal and 70 percent of that produced from burning oil. In terms of greenhouse gases, natural gas is definitely cleaner.
Spc. Ryan C. Garbs, 20, of Edwardsville, died Sunday, Feb. 18, 2007, during Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan.
In 2010, Time Magazine published "A brief history of anarchism: The European tradition." That article calls anarchism "a distinctly modern phenomenon, crystallizing in the wake of the French Revolution." That would be around 1799.
"Paul denies any involvement in the tragic death of Mr. Achilli," Robertson said. "Mr. Garcia immediately cooperated with the Los Gatos Police Department within hours of the incident. He spoke at length with detectives and cooperated with them. He denied then and continues to deny knowledge of the incident."
-- Newt Gingrich had locked up the Forgotten But Not Gone Award long before he talked about getting out of the race, right?
4. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface; knead 7 to 8 times. Roll dough out into an 11-inch circle. Transfer the dough to prepared pan, pressing to fit. Trim edges. Prick bottom of the crust in a few places with a fork and line with foil or parchment paper. Fill with pie weights, dry beans or rice.
The sold-out March 30 event had wonderful weather for 180 golfers at the golf classic. Jamie Beacom was captain of the winning team: Jimmie Ikeda, Butch Brisbin, Cathy Brisbin and Kim Johansen of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation.
Campbell, who served in the U.S. Navy from 1992 to 1995, knew nobody would throw something like that away.
Where: 1000 Fifth Ave., New York
Enesco's "Rumanian Rhapsody" sounds less dated even if it runs out of ideas well before it runs out of music, but there was no denying the zest Ling and the orchestra brought to the work. The frenzied ending was a little off kilter, but that just added to the excitement, much like the rapid final measures of the Rachmaninoff tested even Parker's technique. As he played the closing chords, he bounced off the bench then jumped up on the podium and embraced Ling. The essence of the performance was reflected in their huge grins.
"In 2010, we added 49 new stores, while closing 13 redundant stores, for a net addition of 36 stores, finishing the year with 3,390 stores in operation."
David Asper paid cash for a 3,862-square-foot Lafayette Villa home with pool built in 2006 in the Arcadia neighborhood of Phoenix. David Asper is a lawyer, an assistant professor of law at the University of Manitoba and executive chair of Creswin Properties Inc. in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He is the son of Israel "Izzy"Asper, founder of Canwest Global Communications of Winnipeg. The home was sold by real-estate agent Colleen F. Don Dero, as trustee of the Colleen F. Don Dero Revocable Living Trust.
When opera singers reach a certain point of adoration with the public, they can get away with anything. They can sing Puccini in concert or experiment with a newer composer like Ricky Ian Gordon. They can slip in a little rock 'n' roll.
Getting there: From downtown Flagstaff, take U.S. 180 north about 16 miles to Forest Service Road 193. Turn west on 193 and go three miles to Forest Service Road 171. Turn right on 171 to 171A. Turn right again at 171A, which takes you directly to the trailhead.
That particular repair job got done shortly after the quake struck, Medina said.
Last season, Fujita started 10 games -- he missed one with a concussion -- before breaking his right hand in two places on Nov. 27 against Cincinnati. Fujita played most of the game after injuring his hand, not realizing how badly he was hurt. He eventually had surgery.
But in recent weeks, the couple has cheered for the Coyotes.
Margaret Cifonelli
These days, the campaign is working to show the human side of a candidate who aides say is warm, funny and down-to-earth in private—and provide a little bit of context to go with the scrutiny that's set to get much more intense as Romney moves toward becoming the GOP nominee.
His news release called spending "out of control."
The "Do Not Walk" icon stopped glowing months ago in a pedestrian signal where South Belvoir Boulevard cuts through the campus in University Heights. The device serves a mid-block crosswalk between Carroll and Washington boulevards. "Nothing has been done to fix it," reports Road Rant lookout Robert Mitchell.
The law also requires long-term jobless to document their efforts to upgrade job skills along with the existing rules that stipulate they apply for jobs while collecting unemployment.
"Okay, ladies, time to fly!" chirps an Angel before the helicopter crashes through the giant window, the semi-automatic weapons fire, the car tires screech and the boat blows up.
øPressing the pen button and holding the pen against the screen captures a screen grab. An image editor appears and you can draw or crop part of the image and paste the results into an e-mail, text or document.
That said, the success shows how the right moves by the general manager and the right tactics from the coach can go a long way. So let's hang what happened this season with the Hawks on Stan Bowman and Joel Quenneville.
When they bought the house, the main-floor staircase was missing its railing. Hansen designed a tall coat cabinet that serves both as a stair railing and helps define the front foyer. He covered the fireplace's dated red brick with clean-lined paneling and added a simple wooden mantel. "The surround ties together the wainscoting detailing and feels like it's always been in the house," he said.
Note: Cut broccoli spears at the base of the florets. Trim the end and peel the spears so that no green part is remaining (use long cuts that turn the stem into a rectangle) then quarter inside of stem. Separate florets into long, slender pieces.
The strength of the SWC was apparent again Wednesday at Edwardsville, as East St. Louis edged Edwardsville 128-118 for the championship of the 12-team Tiger Relays. League rivals Belleville West (105) and O'Fallon (94) weren't far behind, while another conference team, Belleville East rounded out the top five with 36 points.
"But remember ... anyone can say they're a 'social media guru,' but do they really talk the talk and walk the walk?" he said. "Make sure you choose wisely, and ask for specific examples of successes before your start a relationship."
She said the couple was drawn to the area by getting more for their money than in New York City in both space and value, something that other clients have emulated.
The response is a constructive parry, outlining ways that the state could be sure that Detroit's problems get fixed without sweeping its democratic institutions completely out of the financial picture.
Cliff Snider, who's been playing Santa since he was a teenager, agrees.
The company, based in Bryan, west of Toledo, doesn't release annual sales figures but says Etch A Sketch has a steady market. It's most popular with grandparents and mothers who are looking for a bit of nostalgia.
Randa Robinson-Anderson
Gov. Pat Quinn has said he'll decide whether to sign it before March 18.
Saturday, July 28
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday.
That use was slightly different, said Joel R. Reidenberg, founding academic director of the Center on Law and Information Policy at Fordham University in New York. He said it was more akin to taking a photo of everyone at Grand Central Station.
"We are in no way satisfied with the results you see here," Adams said, seated beside Rick Sullivan and Melanie Adams, members of the district's state-imposed Special Administrative Board. "While progress is good, we're moving in the right direction. we expect more."
"We're not hoping for another confrontation," Hada said.
First things first: All games this week will be played on Thursday because of Yom Kippur. I wouldn't want anyone showing up to a field Friday night all excited for football only to see some joggers and dogwalkers putting in their work.
Asked if he was concerned that he appeared to leave his skates on the hit, Torres said, ‘‘I'm not going to answer that,'' before ending the interview when asked if he was worried about being suspended.
Mr. Sinquefield's initiative takes away local voters' say. It would give voters in places like Peculiar and Chillicothe the right to impose mandates on St. Louis and Kansas City.
While Haith is more animated on the sideline than the professorial Stevens, his even-keel demeanor and approach evokes a similar dynamic.
Insiders talk quietly of the market reviving, he said: "Builders, resale agents are cautiously optimistic. They don't want to jinx it."
Plenty of star power was in attendance at the gala screening of Dolphin Tale in Clearwater Wednesday night.
Dear A.E.: James Laver, a British fashion historian and museum curator, first discussed shifting erogenous zones in the 1930s. He pointed out, for example, that in the '20s, female legs were exposed for the first time in modern history and became what he called the center of erotica. Then, he asserted, that the zone shifted to the back in the '30s, to the breasts in '50s, to the thighs in the '60s, where his zoning stopped. In more recent years, the navel and the cleavage-baring bosom have become the erogenous zones of choice. Judging by the New York fashion previews for fall, I would say the erogenous zone has shifted back to the legs -- not through short skirts but through deep slits that take the eye from thigh -- sometimes even the waist -- to the ankles. Stay tuned.
Q: What is the coldest inhabited town on Earth?
Point guard Skylar Diggins did all she could to keep the Irish (36-4) in the game, scoring 20 points. But Natalie Novosel was 0-for-11 from the field and scored only five points.
The latter point reinforces the reality that the burden of two wars, one of them a war of choice in Iraq, continues to fall on a very narrow segment of the American population -- the men and women in uniform and their families left back home. Many of them have had to endure multiple separations, with multiple personal, financial and psychological complications, over a longer time than ever before in American history.
And that puts Dillon in an awkward position philosophically.
He said the reserved slots cut through bureaucracy to rush relief to injured workers who are often in their last days.
What is the hardest part of the job? There aren’t enough hours in the day.
Some pundits and bloggers called that a terrorist fist-jab, but that charge quickly lost steam after President Bush started fist-bumping, too.
Lawson lost the first set 6-3 to Phoenix Horizon junior Nicolas Montoya, and even though that was foreign territory, Lawson didn't panic.
Ella's Walk
WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. -- Emirates Airline is the new title sponsor of the US Open Series of summer hard-court tennis tournaments under a seven-year agreement.
The Better Business Bureau says it has received complaints from customers in 45 states about SaveMore.com, a Texas-based company. Consumers say they bought discount coupons for everything from restaurants to beauty products, but never received the coupons even after repeated emails and phone calls to the company.
Eva Schloss, Frank's step-sister, will speak with Ed Silverberg about "their personal perspectives on Anne Frank and the tragedies associated with ethnic prejudice and fascism in our world," according to Joseph Giammarella, the school's director.
Hence the concerto's title, a reference to the highly musical family that yielded not one but two of the orchestral world's leading percussionists.
Predictably, Jones' first season on the job was a bit of a struggle. With the majority of the roster knowing more about the sport than its coach, there was an usual relationship on the team.
In a February School Board workshop, White presented the idea that the board could invite the Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce, the mayor, the city's largest employer and the City-County Council to each appoint a board member, in addition to five elected members, for a nine-member board. But that idea did not make it into the final plan.
DePaul learned that he had practiced at St. Anthony's, according to the board.
8. Scrape the paste into the bean pot, turn the heat down as low as possible and add a generous portion of salt to taste. Simmer slowly, partially covered, until the seasonings are well blended, about 20 minutes longer.
John's Ocean Beach Cafe: 2898 Sloat Blvd. (at 47th Avenue), San Francisco; (415) 665-8292. Breakfast and lunch Tuesday-Sunday.
In Plainfield, the new superintendent, Steven Gallon III, has already implemented numerous changes since coming on last summer, from curriculum to source materials.
I contacted Enterprise on your behalf. The company agreed that the damage to the van was "found to be pre-existing" and dropped its claim.
Lillian & Conley Bacon
Gearon, in a public speech at a local charity event Wednesday, called Garnett “the dirtiest guy in the game.” Gearon’s comments appeared in an ajc.com blog post Wednesday and made their way to Garnett, who began his postgame comments by criticizing Gearon.
Schultz said the college's focused interest communities also play an important role in academic performance.
Westsoy Organic Soymilk Original
øOn Friday, he celebrates with a blow-out tribute roast that brings back popular YouTube (and Orange) celebrity stars such as iJustine (Justine Ezarik) and MysteryGuitarMan (Joe Penna).
Lakers adjusting nicely to being Los Angeles' second NBA team.
"Bob, let me ask you something," he told assistant Bob Macaluso.
"The concern from the staff was the range of emotion he displayed on the scene to the point where a supervisor had to be called," said police Chief Pete Gauntlett, who questioned both officers about the incident that happened before he took command of the department. "Certainly without Sgt. Lakey intervening it could have gotten even worse."
Coming into the season primarily as a shot blocker and rebounder, Lowe had perhaps his finest all-around game as a Titan, with 14 points and 10 rebounds in the 70-50 Horizon League championship victory over Valparaiso last week. He averages 6.6 points and 4.9 rebounds in 22.6 minutes.
"Distributors typically make much less money or even lose money when they are selling only craft brands outside of their usual territories," he said. "This is a smart move ... to increase profitability per stop."
Sources told TMZ that her people would set up paying appearances for her, and then she'd "find any reason" to cancel, particularly the last several months.
Morrow had planned to read a letter to Dumas, but decided not to because she thought she'd be overcome with emotion. She wrote about how Sletager and his brother were excited to have just become roommates two weeks before the crash; about how her son had found the woman he planned to marry; and about how she feels blessed to have gotten to know so many of those who knew her son.
At OSU's Food Innovation Center in Portland, Qingyue Ling (China) works on product formulas, packaging, shelf-life testing and sensory evaluation. He's developed a Radio Frequency Identification system to tag, track and trace food shipments.
"Not everything you try works," Neidorff said.
His motives, he admits, are purely selfish.
NO.: 01
Manning no doubt would like to bring one or two of those players with him. The Broncos are strong at wide receiver (Demaryius Thomas and Eric Decker) and center (J.D. Walton), and they want a younger tailback to team with Willis McGahee.
Other data show the economy ended 2011 on a strong note. Companies invested more in equipment and machinery in December. The unemployment rate fell to 8.5 percent last month — the lowest level in nearly three years — after the sixth straight month of solid hiring.
The four players were Kenneth Butler and Steven Clark for the Sims Raiders in Cleveland's Muny League; and Ryan Fallon and Ian Stuart for St. Thomas More in Cleveland's CYO, the organization that oversees sports for children in Catholic parishes.
Points: 400.
Acclaimed bassist-composer Ben Allison will draw on jazz, folk and rock for this "Neighborhood Concert" at Flushing Town Hall. It's co-sponsored by Carnegie Hall, where he recently made his debut at Zankel Hall. 7:30 p.m. Free. 137-35 Northern Blvd., Flushing. (718) 463-7700.
"I'm back to myself," Felton said. "I'm back to being me."
"People come to this pier to get dinner," said Semih Albayrak, 45, of San Francisco as he stuffed anchovies into a tiny crab trap. "I have a real job as a waiter and I'm a salmon fisherman in the summer, but the opening of crab season is a really good thing for a lot of people. And crabbing is super fun."
The 25-year-old Japanese sensation deserved it. Facing a lineup that has wreaked havoc on the rest of the league, the Rangers star unleashed his full arsenal to beat the Yankees 2-0. In just his fourth big league start, Darvish threw 8<U+2153> shutout innings with a career-high 10 strikeouts.
The 3.2 percent concessions will automatically be restored for the 2012-14 labor talks as outlined in the current contract the unions and associations have with the city. But it doesn't automatically mean that city employees will return to the pay they were getting two years ago before the cuts.
Dear Matthew Hanley: It's impossible to divide movie history into airtight compartments. You can talk about "the silent era," I suppose, because there was a clear-cut end to it (circa 1929). But even within that, there are sub-eras: The earliest documentary-type films, the first story films, then Griffith, then the first features, then the early '20s, then the late '20s. And then, of course, you have the Italians, very important in the 1910s. And the Russians and the French in the 1920s. And don't forget German Expressionism. And how about when eras overlap? Italian neorealism, for example, was happening at the same time as film noir and the Technicolor musicals. In the end, I don't think you can learn this stuff by breaking it into eras and studying them one at a time. I think you can only learn about movies by accident, by liking them and acquiring knowledge without knowing you're doing it. As soon as I know I'm studying something, I forget everything the day after the test.
12:20: Scott Stallings, Geoff Ogilvy
His description contrasts with police accounts of how events unfolded in the early hours of Sunday morning when Blueford died. It was just after midnight Sunday when Oakland police officers approached a group of three people in the 1900 block of 90th Avenue. One of the men started running, Sgt. Chris Bolton said. The officers believed that man was carrying a hidden gun, and an officer ran after him. When the man pointed the gun at the officer, the officer fired his weapon, police said. They were in the 8200 block of Birch Street.
— you should have featured more of Zooey Deschanel.
How long she’s kept it off: “I started trying to lose weight in September 2008 with many failed attempts," says Ross. She reached her current weight shortly after that, but still didn't feel that she was in shape or healthy until last fall.
23. Utah. Flocks of California gulls helped early Mormon settlers fight off a potentially catastrophic plague of locusts.
“He loves football,” Smith said. “He’s an emotional guy, and it’s showing up on this team.”
Two dates remain on the 2011-12 docket. First comes a program on citrus, with dishes created by master chef Regan Reik of Pier W, on Saturday, April 14. Then on Saturday, June 23, chef Mike LaMorco of the Hyde Park Restaurant Group will tackle vanilla.
20822 Beaconsfield St., $18,000
Nikolic, a somber former cemetery manager who was allied with Milosevic in the 1990s, says he, too, supports EU integration, but also wants much closer ties with Serbia's traditional ally, Russia. He predicted he will win the runoff.
11:52 a.m. The president gave a six minute speech. People are now going to the breakout sessions.
I'm not going to pretend I understand the complexities of that strange relationship. What I will say is that this may explain why I'm very familiar with the Holocaust story, which cost the lives of over six million Jews, at the hands of our enemy. It is a story that must be remembered. It may also explain why, until recently, I was not aware of the human toll, tens of millions of Russian lives lost, at the hands of their own leaders beginning with Lenin and most notoriously at the hands of Stalin; the hands of our ally during much of the time of their persecution.
"I thought he was instrumental in a lot of players' development," Houston forward Brian Ching said. "He spent a lot of time with the players, working with them on the field and helping them develop their game."
The Mexican #3 plate was—and, of course, still is more often than not—what Americans were served at Mexican restaurants miles north of the entire stretch of the border: tortillas or masa fried or soaked in lots of heavy oil or kneaded in lard, the least-expensive ground chuck beef, fatty colored cheese packaged in huge, discount blocks.
"He was a lot more reserved back then," Thornhill said with a chuckle. "They have a lot of the same coaching staff that has done a lot of great things over the years."
øThe best-of-seven series shifts to Nashville for Game 3 on Wednesday night.
Rod Hansen
To illustrate the survival of the fittest, DiMarcellis one day explained to an audience of young visitors that the giraffe's height allows the animal to spot predators from a distance.
"Express Scripts is still trying to get the lowest price they can. They don't want to give Walgreens any extra bennies," he said. "These things tend not to get done until you get closer to the deadline."
GUATEMALA CITY - The international airport for Guatemala's capital is back in operation after shutting down for a few hours when an older-model cargo plane experienced problems with its landing gear and a propeller during landing and skidded on the runway. No injuries were reported.
Arizona's responses to illegal immigration have included passing Senate Bill 1070, making English the official language, pushing for more border enforcement and requiring employers to verify employees' legal status. The goal, SB 1070 authors have said, is to deter illegal immigrants from wanting to be in Arizona.
"First game, he had a good one, and this game he played real well," Vikings coach Russell Vincent said. "He was a little scrawny kid, but he's just a program guy that has continued to develop."
Resistance, you quickly discover, is futile.
"We've got Rochester coming in and the last time they were here, they beat us at home and stopped the streak," defender Stephen Keel said. "The coaches have us well prepared for Rochester and that's all anyone is thinking about."
The Kindle Fire has a 7-inch diagonal screen compared to the nearly 10-inch screen on the iPad. It also starts at $200 — about 60% cheaper than the lowest-priced iPad. While Amazon does not disclose sales figures for its devices, market research firm iSuppli estimates that about 3.9 million units of the Kindle Fire shipped in the fourth quarter, giving Amazon a solid second place in the tablet market for that period, overtaking Samsung
Authorities "will decline to extradite, and it just baffles me," Fernandez said.
In a recent visit to another client's home, mold covered the bedroom walls <U+0096> black and gray blankets of mold spreading across entire sheets of drywall. Noto called environmental health officials, city code enforcement officers and CPS supervisors, trying to get the house fixed and the family moved.
Authorities described Adrienne as a white girl with brown hair and eyes. She’s 5 feet 4 inches tall and 129 pounds. Alexandria has brown hair and hazel eyes and is 5 feet tall and 105 pounds. Kyliyah has blonde hair and brown eyes and is 4 feet tall and 57 pounds.
The new Baltimore Bartenders Guild issues no seals of approval. It simply demands that prospective members give a damn about the ingredients and ingenuity of their cocktails.
Even though it had "Been a Long Day", Rockwood Summit put forth a fun and entertaining show that was a true testament to the "Brotherhood of Men".
Mr. Wen said Chongqing's leadership should "reflect on and learn from" the scandal, and went on to indirectly—but very obviously—criticize Mr. Bo's attempts to revive the collectivist spirit of Chairman Mao Zedong with such activities as mass renditions of revolutionary songs.
Online publishing date: Feb. 28, 2012.
The film is based on the Paul Torday novel about a fisheries expert in London named Fred Jones (McGregor) who is approached by an uptight consultant, Harriet Chetwode-Talbot (Emily Blunt) to help bring a sheik's vision to life.
Taylor Cochran, 17
"Based on discussions I've had with parents about advocacy, this is the first time the Portland community really recognizes there's an achievement problem and it exists in all the schools," Rosen said. "And parents are willing to mobilize to be part of the solution."
The World Health Organization says SLIT is a viable alternative to immunotherapy injections, and it's been used successfully for years in Europe. The safety record is very good, and major studies have demonstrated its effectiveness.
Said Maryland coach Mark Turgeon: "Sam is a combo guard with the ability to score the basketball at three different levels – at the rim, in the mid-range and from 3-point range. He’s got a great feel and understanding of the game and is passionate about basketball. He’ll be a great piece to the puzzle and addition to the team next year.”
But Connie Potter, director of communications, said the lack of people in the audience wasn't necessarily a bad thing.
Tanner Schmidt, Valley. Sr., 6-7.
"I remember when I first faced Charlie Hough, somebody said move up in the box," Gibson recalled. "So I went up and scratched the front line of the box out, and moved up there, and he hit me."
Abromaitis averaged 15.4 points and six rebounds a game the previous season when Notre Dame went 27-7. He received an MBA in business from Notre Dame a year ago.
Kasich spokesman Rob Nichols denied the change is related to a lawsuit filed by the liberal policy group ProgressOhio, which questioned the constitutionality of the governor holding a second job as well as several other provisions in the JobsOhio plan.
Chen Guangcheng, a 41-year-old lawyer blind since childhood, spent four years in prison after exposing forced sterilizations and other abuses by Chinese family-planning authorities. After his release in September 2010, he and his wife were placed under local house arrest and reportedly beaten.
GEMOLOGIST
SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio -- Fed up with her hair -- damaged and breaking after years of dousing it in chemical relaxers -- Monica Green did what more black women across the country are finding the courage to do.
In Newark, a school bus with six children and two adults and a Mercedes Benz station wagon collided today after the vehicles slipped on the icy roads in the Central Ward, but there were no injuries, authorities said,
"But yeah, this really sucks."
Brown believes the presence of multiple tax initiatives on the November ballot could hurt the chances of any of them passing. But the Democratic governor has been unable so far to bring his own party together around his initiative to raise the state sales tax and income taxes on California's highest earners.
Romney had
Forty prison guards wielding clubs and their warden's blessing went on a rampage against the 33 helpless women convicted of "obstructing sidewalk traffic."
And because he gives a fair chance to everything he’s sent, no matter how humble the packaging looks, his show has become required listening for anybody interested in the New York City underground. While Russo plays cuts by major label acts — he was the first deejay in the country to spin Pearl Jam’s 2009 single "Just Breathe" — his heart belongs to the true independent artists. Russo is community-minded, and he takes his commitment to airing music alternatives seriously. While he didn’t initially know how to transform that mission into action on "Anything Anything," he feels like he’s now on the right track.
On Monday, authorities in Kandahar province reported that two of the children, 10-year-olds, had been rearrested last week, apparently intending again to carry out bombings.
He expects to be fully healthy when training camp opens in October, something he couldn't have said with confidence before the latest surgery. Curry had surgery to repair the outside two ligaments in the ankle last May, but he reinjured the ankle in December and missed 40 games, including the final 28, with five severe ankle sprains.
Broadway is a long way from Washington County, but Forest Lake native Kourtni Lind always knew that's where she'd end up.
For the girls, hearing the school closing was like déjà vu. Two years ago, Apache Paschall’s program was at St. Michael Academy when it shut its doors for good. Junior guard Shanice Woodson would have had to switch schools twice after closures. The winter was already devastating enough because of Paschall’s untimely death in January due to cardiac arrest.
Indeed, growers of rice and cotton - the 'southern" crops - receive more in individual direct payments than other commodity growers. Corn, soybean and wheat growers have come to depend on the payments less, farmers say.
And if history serves, it's no wonder Zimmerman has not been arrested. Depending on how a police chief, prosecutor or judge interprets the law, which asks them to consider something as nebulous as a man's state of mind, they may find that under the law Zimmerman was justified in shooting young Martin.
Juror Jameson Larson told the Star Tribune that the jury believed Senser's story did not add up with the evidence but made no mention of the jury's belief that she thought she had struck a vehicle rather than Phanthavong.
At issue is a vote by land bank board members last March to reappoint South Euclid Mayor Georgine Welo and Berea Mayor Cyril Kleem, whose terms were set to expire in May.
Ozark 42, Kickapoo 26
Parker, a free agent who signed a second contract with the Cavs just before training camp started in December, has been the starting shooting guard since joining the team as a free agent in July, 2009. A first-round draft choice of New Jersey in 1997 out of Bradley, the 21st player selected overall, Parker has played in Philadelphia, Orlando and Toronto in the NBA and also starred in Israel.
Haskin estimated the bear's weight at between 200 and 250 pounds. He said he is certain other travelers saw what he saw because some vehicles slowed and pulled slightly off the road.
At a keynote address at Apple's Cupertino, Calif., headquarters, the new CEO introduced the fifth-generation of the company's smartphone, dubbed the 4S, which features a faster processor and a better camera, as well as voice-command services.
"It's about 45 feet thick on top. At the very bottom it's about 660 feet thick, which is like two American football fields and the end zones stuck end to end," the guide continues. "The concrete at the bottom has only been there about 75 years, so it's not all the way dry yet. If you go inside the dam, there's actually some seepage … through the wet layers of concrete."
"We have some stuff that comes in and is sold within 30 minutes," says Jane Linstead, who also manages a Goodwill boutique in downtown Portland. "We sell what the neighborhood wants. Right now we have on the floor a chair that's velour and the color of yellow mustard. That's not for everyone. Here, it will sell.
Appearing before the Senate Banking Committee, Bernanke faced sharp questions about whether rising gasoline prices could spread dangerous inflation through the economy. He said he did not think so.
Wedington-Clark is pianist for her Mesa church, the Living Word Bible Church, and actively involved in the lives of her daughter, Dorothy, and her grandchildren, Elijah Smith, 7, and Maya, 6.
Too many of these stores are owned by people who don't hire from the community, who don't live in the community, and who go home at night to their community, where they would never allow or run such a store.
Second, I want to make it clear that this was not an easy Report to write, and it will not be easy to discuss today. Both Mr. Egelhof and I have spent a considerable amount of time during our careers working with state, federal and local law enforcement officers. I worked with law enforcement officers on a daily basis for 7 years as a federal prosecutor in New York and Minnesota, and I was always proud to be associated with the extraordinary public servants I worked beside during my time in the US Attorney’s office. And Mr. Egelhof spent over two decades working for the F.B.I. and believes in the mission of law enforcement. We both have the greatest respect for the work that law enforcement officers do. And we admire the risks they take every day for the benefit of all of us. Moreover, both Mr. Egelhof and I understand the need for aggressive law enforcement action and we have experienced first hand how properly conducted aggressive investigations can save lives and benefit the public.
FUNDRAISING FALTERS
Martindale works for an oil contractor in Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, traveling home to Camas every two weeks. The fishing industry's safety record had been pretty good lately, he said. "If we had glasses that allowed us to look forward, we wouldn't do a lot of things."
They alleged that since taking office, the president has held "dozens of events that benefited OFA on the taxpayer dime," and linked the issue with a spending controversy at the General Services Administration.
Korea said it had discovered 35 smuggling attempts since August of about 17,450 capsules disguised as stamina boosters, and some people believe them to be a panacea for disease. The capsules of human flesh, however, contained bacteria and other harmful ingredients.
Curry County Sheriff John Bishop said in a news release that police were able to make contact with Belinda Conne's mother in Oklahoma.
If convicted of aggravated assault, Dumas could be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison and fined up to $10,000.
While the first water wheel was purely ornamental, Samiec says he hopes to use this one to generate power to light the gazebo at night.
Polkowitz praised the fire company, saying its reputation statewide is “second to none.”
Most veterinarians will be called upon to perform dentistry, administer anesthesia and a host of other procedures that almost always done by specialists in the medical field.
FAMU President James Ammons is expected to discuss the fate of the band at a special meeting on Monday.
Boston 1, Washington 0, OT
Bait Preparation for Spring Chinook: Bait Cures, Brines and Dyes for Springers, with Steve Lynch of Pro Cure. 6:30-8 p.m. Feb. 29. Fisherman's Marine & Outdoor, Delta Park. 503-283-0044
The kitchen closed Saturday night. The bar will be open for one last round this Friday and Saturday. Drinks will be discounted 30 percent
"To win the war on terror we must take the fight to the enemy."
"Yes, our sons just fought over an imaginary football," she answered before we both broke out in laughter.
There are three ways I recommend eating here.
Community outreach components have been increased this year, said Gajewski.
LaBute’s “Autobahn” is a collection of one-act plays set within the confines of the front seat. The seven vignettes are an unsettling montage exploring the ethos of perception and relationship. “The Shape of Things” is thematically similar to his film “In the Company of Men,” but with the genders reversed. The plays contain mature themes, language and subject matter.
F$U…Quit using my state tax dollars to support your poor athletic program. Build your next erector set football stadium with a brick façade with your own booster funds. F$U fans want National Championships as long as they do not have to pay for them. Either support your team or stay home and cry.
The average amount spent on a business trip in 2000 was $422, compared with $564 in 2011, the trade group said. Nearly two-thirds of that increase was the result of inflation, the association said, and about a third came from higher spending.
Chuck the car into a right-hand turn, and it essentially stiffens the suspension on the left side of the car. This drastically reduces the degree to which the car leans to the left (body roll). Thus, drivers can tear through a corner faster because the inside tires are losing less grip.
Prostate cancer strikes more than 218,000 U.S. men each year. About 28,000 die of it, making it the most common cancer and second-leading cancer killer among men.
various counts of theft and influencing a public servant after a four-week trial in February. Those counts have been consolidated into five higher-level felonies.
Where's the water? All plants need it, but some need more than others. If you organize plants by their water needs -- those that tolerate drier conditions grouped in a sunny place, those that evolved in swamps in the soggy places, those that need frequent drinks together near the house -- you will spend less time watering. And less water.
She canceled a Friday morning staff meeting to attend the event, and made quick friends with Ellen Karas, who stood beside her in a line that wrapped through the bottom level of Pioneer Place.
Mr. Morabito said the Italian stone used on the facade was more like marble than American limestone and likely to stay white far longer. The restoration provoked opposition from some preservationists who wanted the facade restored to its original 1879 design as a simple brownstone.
Even the Nobel laureate whose $2 billion science experiment will be delivered to the International Space Station by the Endeavour crew doesn't seem to mind that his project is being overlooked.
Lutz may retain his roster spot when Andres Torres (strained calf) returns on Monday.
A representative for Khloe Kardashian Odom tells People that E!'s "Khloe and Lamar" is going "on hold" while hubby Lamar Odom sorts out his NBA future. "It will depend on their schedules, as Lamar's basketball schedule is a priority," the rep said.
"They're now in an air-conditioned room, so they're happy," she said.
"I'm being much more mindful knowing my money situation could change just like this," Gerbier said as she snapped her fingers.
Though he's barred from accessing Facebook, he is still acutely aware of it, wants it, and can't be the only 24-year-old with such an obsession. He spends part of every day seeing what he can access on YouTube, he is a student of American entertainment and eager to analyze what he sees, as well as his likes and dislikes, a one-man focus group. Oh, and he predicts the Facebook ban will eventually end, within five years he guesses, but he hopes it will come sooner.
Only this time, I suspect a good number of Magic fans won't be willing to punch their ticket heading toward dysfunction junction.
If the pursuit had ended somewhere in Baldwin Park, and stray bullets had hit the homes of little boys and girls who attend Audubon Park Elementary.
“Memories fade,” Moses said, and since the incident, the child has not been in touch with her father. But the child has been living with her maternal grandmother, Rita Valverde, and has been in frequent contact with the victim’s sister, Zaida Solis, who testified that Cordova admitted the drowning.
The nameplate for little 'ol Lesnick Court can't be seen by passers-by because it's engulfed by leaves and branches. That anonymity comes with risk, says Road Rant lookout Robbi Goodwin, whose mother lives on Lesnick. "If an ambulance or someone else had to get down that street in an emergency, they may have a hard time finding it since you can't see the street sign," she e-mailed.
Said Newburgh Heights Mayor Trevor Elkins: "Whether Mr. DePiero or John Brown were appointed to this position, they would receive PERS credit. Having said that, I cannot stress strongly enough that this position is about what is best for the village of Newburgh Heights from an organizational, professional, and legal perspective and Mr. DePiero has done an outstanding job thus far."
"Art Modell runs with the pack, and he has always run with the pack," sneered Davis, who moved the Raiders up and down the California coast line.
øI was so tired of being pregnant, I just cried in the doctor's office. I told the doctor just to take them out of me. He was like, 'They're only a pound each. I'm sure you don't want them out.' 'Yes I do, you can fix them!' That's how crazy you are when you're pregnant.
<U+0093>I felt my cleat come out of the grass and was happy it didn<U+0092>t get stuck,<U+0094> Laird said. That kept the twisting action from becoming more severe and doing more damage.
2. With a hot glue gun, secure the button face with a drop of glue on the inside of the card. Glue the remaining two, incrementally larger buttons below the first one.
So how valuable is an MBA?
On offense, the Lions are led by seniors Ryan Wade (QB #10), Evan Jackson (WR #8), Joey Bonavitacola (RB #6) and junior Michael Anderson (RB #1). On defense, they are led by seniors Noah Johnson (DL #75), Shamir Parham (LB #32), Chris Mukasa (DE #5) and Konner Ruggles (DB #12).
All that's certain is that we haven't had another 9/11 in the past decade. Would that have been true without the TSA? Possibly.
Gonzalez's family has grown blue agave on its Jalisco, Mexico, farmland for nearly 40 years. The family used to sell the agave to respected brand Herradura. But three years ago, Gonzalez and his brothers decided to distill and bottle their own.
PARMA A Parma Heights man died Sunday after a motorcycle he was riding and a minivan collided on State Road.
"I think it validates our program and the kind of high-level, authentic learning that goes on," Clark Principal Douglas Dall said of the award.
Arkansas Lottery Security Chief Lance Huey testified that he investigated the circumstances of the ticket falling into Jones' hands. He said the lottery was satisfied with the investigation and awarded the prize.
Gance's original, reportedly nine-hour cut of "Napoléon" was almost immediately butchered by distributors, and the heroic work of restoring it as much as possible was begun decades ago by film historian Kevin Brownlow, for whom this screening must have been the immensely gratifying culmination of a lifetime's work.
"I think we<U+0092>ll at least see snow mixing in probably when it starts on Saturday morning, then again Saturday evening when it cools down a little bit," Kurimski said. "It<U+0092>s still April. We have had snow in May as well, although not usually that much. But it has happened."
"I stood there for a moment, then realized why: he would need shoes if he was to return.
The group, named for two townships in the county where most of the acreage is situated, has the attention of more than a half-dozen big oil and gas companies.
Lautenberg wrote a letter on Nov. 5 asking LaHood to reduce the cost to the state. LaHood wrote back Tuesday, agreeing to an arrangement in which New Jersey pays the $271 million, but DOT would in turn put $128 million into the state’s Congestion Mitigation Air Quality account to be used on future projects.
The best traditional Hawaiian music and hula is at the five-star Halekulani hotel. Relax over a cold drink(s), a few pupus and enjoy the free show, the sunset and the ambiance of one of the finest hotels in the world.
But does Mitt Romney have the right mix of moxie and message to stir the nation into changing presidents this November?
Wiggins 14, Platte Valley 5
Working with the City and the Portland Development Commission, SoloPower is exploring several potential sites for the manufacturing facility. A site decision is expected soon.
Tsermaa and his family move twice a year, dismantling their yurt and toting all their belongings.
It isn’t just a matter of closing tax loopholes; Democrats should demand increasing the tax rates on the larger corporations and on wealthy Americans. It’s a matter of simple fairness and fiscal responsibility.
It will be sold as an e-book and also as a traditional hardback volume.
David Broder is a columnist for The Washington Post Writers Group.
39. SS Eric Hagg: Came back from camp knee injury to gain experience in 10 games.
Avondale police had been investigating the case for a week before they searched McCreary's apartment about 10 a.m. Wednesday.
Hey, Ashley: If a team owns more than one pick in the first round, its original pick is the one that must be used in compensation for signing a restricted free agent. So the Browns would have to give up their No. 4 pick. Don't get your hopes up. The Steelers will not let Wallace leave in free agency. They always find a way to keep the players they want to keep.
Before all the Easter egg chasing begins, plenty of action gets going all around the area, starting with one Friday event.
''Her people have promised she will be transformed. She'll be glammed up, slimmed down and totally focused on the show
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Thirty-two public school districts in the seven-county Greater Cleveland area are asking voters this May to approve property tax increases or renewals.
The gym and cafeteria are now separate. The music building and "Little Red Schoolhouse" that serves as a district office still stand to the west of the courtyard, which visually unites the buildings and the playground.
Last August, U.S. District Court Judge Rebecca Beach Smith awarded the exhibition firm RMS Titanic Inc. the rights to roughly 5,000 artifacts salvaged from the wreck site in six expeditions since 1993. The court's caveat: The items must be put up for auction in one lot. Many of the artifacts are exhibited in traveling shows, and they range from jewelry to jackets to an 18-ton piece of hull that is now on permanent display at the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas.
The free event features nature walks, exhibits, arts and crafts vendors, music and children's activities from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Redbud Park, 14655 Lakeshore Drive.
"Like Hitch said, we didn't break (against Nashville). That's nice to see, but ... we just have to work on bending a little less and getting more of our game in there the full 60 minutes."
They say the project will ultimately pump 5 billion gallons of sulfuric acid into the earth, endangering aquifers, damaging adjacent property values and creating long-term cleanup costs for Arizona taxpayers.
"You play good teams and you have to match their desperation and we did that," Nashville defenseman Ryan Suter said.
The film portrays “dis-integration” as if it came about solely because of the rejection of France by some of its youth. Reality is more complicated.
A: Mostly, I get students from our district, but outsiders are welcome, although it's rare that I get a call from the outside world. Once in a while, I get a church group or someone who wants to bring in a group of kids. I'm willing to accommodate them as long as they can work with my schedule, because I teach six classes a day. I always think about opening it up to the public just to see who'd show up.
Exhibition games
The federal government, including all levels of federal courts, are invoking limited federal power in ways that seem fairly dubious. To nab one category of misuse of government power, we shouldn't uncritically endorse another.
About 9:45 p.m. Tuesday, police were called to the parents' home, No. 83 on Fifth Street in the mobile home park at 9000 N.E. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
Weindel and others who would assist Rummel during an operation put him on a stretcher, put his scrubs on and got him back in his wheelchair, which had to be covered with a sterile blanket.
Context: Is it too early to start planning the wines for the Thanksgiving table? Nope, and this viognier has the forward fruit, layered flavor, solid spine and refreshing acidity to accommodate the wide range of flavors and weights of the traditional holiday feast. Bill Easton suggests it be paired with Thai cooking, in particular Thai shellfish dishes, Moroccan cuisine, curries from any culture, and seafood, especially sea bass, salmon and oysters.
His bhindi tareko exemplifies the style: Sliced okra is flash-fried to banish any slime. The crisp-edged pods, along with onion and tomato, glimmer with a thin veil of capillary-expanding spice. There's no actual sauce to speak of, just flavor-infused vegetable (the kitchen will adjust the heat to your liking).
Users can sign up for a 30-day trial. After that, it's $10 a month to keep the music streaming. You can, however, sync a track from your computer through Spotify.
Engler said he has tried to be fair to all 34 senators, a stance he said has alienated some fellow Republicans.
But the Cubs can't help but start thinking about what their lineup will look like with the organization's top two power hitters in it, especially when they look at the team's power-hitting numbers - or lack of them.
"They want to send a message that they can target the stability that has been achieved recently," Wakeel said. "This will not discourage our security forces."
Exhibitors included organizations as small as the Hillsborough hair salon and as large as General Motors, which had a display of alternative-fuel vehicles including an as-yet-unnamed fuel-cell SUV based on the Chevrolet Equinox. The Star-Ledger was among the sponsors of the Garden State GreenFest.
On Saturday, Sen. Rob Portman floated an even smaller plan, said a lawmaker directly familiar with the panel's work. It, too, was rejected. The lawmaker required anonymity because of the secrecy of the talks.
Of course I can hear my former colleague, Jack Z. Smith, saying, "It's supply and demand, Bob Ray. You just don't get it."
Shade Tree Secretary $335, $342
This week, I submitted Senate Bill 1218 which would repeal SB 1070 because we cannot ask our hard-working, loyal and dedicated law-enforcement professionals across the state to play this tea-party game. We cannot ask them to terrorize our ethnic minorities with random questioning because of their skin color. They must remain focused on preventing crime in our communities, keeping our streets and our families safe.
When the Tappan Zee opened on Dec. 15, 1955, it provided the missing link in the state Thruway and helped transform the northern suburbs, particularly those on the west side of the river in previously isolated Rockland County.
By Leah Ward Sears
Beekman is again playing a lot of players this spring and, much to her satisfaction, the Red Knights are still competing quite well. They were 7-3-1 heading into this week and 3-0 in the Metro Women's Athletic Association White Conference.
Emily Free Wilson, a ceramics artist in Helena, Mont., needs to take professional-quality images of her colorful vases and dinnerware to post on her website, Free Ceramics, and at an Etsy shop of the same name. She thinks it was the quality of her images that landed her pottery on the cover of a recent issue of Ceramics Monthly magazine.
On Thursday, economists with Morgan Stanley said that the U.S. and Europe are "dangerously close to recession," adding, "it won't take much in the form of additional shocks to tip the balance."
Korean: chonbokchuk
Call 949-492-1617 for hours and directions.
As just one example, lawmakers in 2009 took a pass on regulating groundwater, instead imposing only monitoring requirements.
NEWARK — A high-speed chase that started on the Garden State Parkway ended in a collision early this morning that killed two occupants who were fleeing state police, authorities said.
As the market rose this year, its darlings were changing. When the economy looked shakier last year, investors drove up shares in utilities and some health care and consumer staples. Investors fell in love with dividend stocks.
In a Tuesday forecast, the federal Energy Information Administration predicted prices will average $3.95 a gallon through September and could peak at $4.01 in May. But those estimates reflect crude oil at $110 a barrel. EIA is forecasting a bit of a break in 2013 prices - $3.73 a gallon. That's 8 cents lower than this year's $3.81 average but 20 cents higher than 2011 prices.
Yahoo.com
A review of court and state records shows:
Mattila was taken into custody at his home just before 1 a.m. Monday morning. Deputies had been at the home since 10 p.m., Dixon said, but Mattila didn't respond to knocks at the door.
Speaking at the home of former Microsoft executive Jon Shirley, Obama said he had hoped "because we were in a crisis, the other side would respond by saying now is the time for all of us to pull together. ... That was not the decision they made."
Stephanie Spoelstra
Javy Guerra struck out Carlos Gonzalez with the potential tying run 90 feet away to end it.
Q: Grades are your stock-in-trade. What grade do state lawmakers earn for funding Sunshine State schools?
Dan Scoggin, CEO of the Great Hearts Academies network in the Valley, agreed.
The deficit lingered for years, but its lessons seemed to be quickly forgotten in the state capital. By 2005, California was enjoying another surge in spending fed by the incomes of the wealthy.
But full casting isn't the new production's only twist. In director Leila Vatan's staging of "Twilight," a simulation of the riot involves actors tossing furniture, bouncing off walls in anger and hauling off a TV set while glowering menacingly at the audience. At one point, a white actor playing a police officer kicks a black rioter in the head. Break-dancing and other kinetic choreography are used to represent riot-related actions that Smith's work evoked but didn't explicitly represent.
If Operation Rescue does have any documents from Central Family Medicine, they were stolen, said the clinic’s attorney, Cheryl Pilate.
Blake said he knew from the start that he wanted to cast Ursula with a man, even though on Broadway the character was created by Sherie Rene Scott .
It's also a bit of a relief that Bell already has college locked up. She'll run for Indiana University next season.
Since being named music director of the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra five years ago, conductor Marin Alsop has been an advocate for contemporary American music - just as she has during her two decades with the Cabrillo Festival in Santa Cruz. But it was the traditional repertoire that provided most of the rewards during the orchestra's weekend visit to Berkeley's Zellerbach Hall.
The Galante Vineyards tasting room occupies a tiny, low-ceilinged nook at the rear of a patio. Guests belly up to a classic western-style oak bar with brass foot rails to taste estate-grown wines. The Cima Collina tasting room features an even smaller carved mahogany bar with two stools, crammed into a closet-sized room in the Paseo Courtyard.
The Magic's march continues.
But in April, Arpaio's deputies returned to the familiar routine of concentrating on a particular part of town, this time west Phoenix. Records for that April raid show 29 of the 93 arrested were legal residents. Ten of those legal residents were fugitives arrested by the sheriff's warrant unit as the operation began.
The contest starts at 6:30 p.m. and some of the proceeds from the evening will go to the local chapter of Guide Dogs for the Blind.
Brendan took part in Schmitt Babb's fundraising events, where he met Mayor Hennessy. Brendan's mother, Michelle Schmitt, said the mayor "fell in love" with her son and decided to name the playground after him.
The officer said he was in a barbershop with his son, who told him that he was chased by 15 boys from School 5 who had bats and knives, reports said.
Granted these lumbering, decomposing, brain-munchers aren't exactly the cuddliest critters of the bunch, but I do feel very confident arguing that zombies are the most layered and complex monster on the market today. That's right. I'll say it. Zombies are deep, man.
5. There's something for everyone.
There is no device that allows for Cap (Chris Evans) to be in full on superhero mode. We pick up right where we left off. Cap is still reeling from what he's been through and Whedon resisted the desire to make him full on Captain America. He's tough, but he's still dealing with the shock of his time travel and is humble about what he can do.
Barbacco, 220 California (near Front); (415).955.1919. barbaccosf.com. Lunch Mon.-Fri; dinner Mon.-Sat.
By far, the hospital experts said, most cases of H1N1 are mild and do not require hospitalization. They are encouraging people to stay home and away from the emergency room unless they are having shortness of breath, chest pain, difficulty keeping down fluids, not urinating enough, listlessness or a child is not behaving as normal.
Roast suckling pig is served five ways, with bite-size tastes of the shoulder, tenderloin and leg, surrounding a pile of fava beans crushed with mint and little nubbins of bacon. When you don't think you can eat another bite, the waiter revives your palate with a few strawberries drizzled with 50- year-old balsamic, followed by several sweets including a silver-dollar-size pain perdu, New Orleans-style French toast topped with a roasted apricot and a scoop of corn ice cream.
The often rocky relationship between the Sacramento City Unified School District and its teachers association has hit a pivotal juncture, with a new slate of union leaders ushering in the chance to start fresh.
And she cooked. "Sometimes the boat would leave port with 125 individually made dinners stacked in the freezer," says the dark-eyed Eder, as quick to laugh as she is to cry.
"The whole process was less about my design," he said, "and more about: 'How can we be a team and bring both of our skills and understanding to the table and create a solution that is potentially a game changer?'"
The reason for the surge in bonuses was simple: Wall Street firms had a great year.
This decision to hear arguments in the spring sets up an election-year showdown over the White House's main domestic policy achievement. And it allows plenty of time for a decision in late June, just over four months before Election Day.
Fox issued an additional $11 million fine in the Wednesday ruling for more than 4,500 violations under the state's deceptive practices act.
Bottom three: Gavin & Karina, Gladys & Tristan, Jack & Anna. (All of whom scored 25 last night.)
That process started during drought of the early 1990s, when San Diego leaders feared getting shorted precious supplies and pledged never again to be so tied to "Mother Met." New sources eroded Metropolitan's control over water imports and fractured the relationship between San Diego and the rest of the region because of concerns that the water authority was essentially going into competition with Southern California's largest supplier.
That news did not make Tim Connor's day. He is a senior director at the Chester County Economic Development Council, which was integral last year in helping to arrange state financial incentives to keep VWR from moving to Delaware.
Fitzpatrick said two other states, California and Florida, use similar "top 10" plans, although California law explicitly prohibits the consideration of race.
The issue moved into the spotlight this weekend after The Post published two stories by reporter Karen E. Crummy that examined the sad state of affairs at the Trinidad Catholic Cemetery.
--Require the FDA to create new produce safety regulations for producers of the highest-risk fruits and vegetables;
Michael McCune, Tinley Park
A follow-up question raised the prospects of Detroit and Wayne County merging.
A: I did it for the first time during "Milk." Sean Penn mentioned that Terrence Malick employed it, apparently, so that he'd have an additional option, or so that he could use the silent footage for one side of a discussion. I thought that doing it on "Milk" might help us during the edit.
øYou can influence how others see you. I have faith that you can. I can't help myself.
“Our expectation is that it would’ve gone to a competitive procurement,” Vincent said. “We just don’t see it as a particularly compelling reason not to go to competitively bid.”
Nearby MSU sent a letter of interest to the township, offering to purchase up to 1-ton of solid waste a day. The university has the ability to burn 200 tons a day at its power plant on campus. But before using Delhi Charter Township's dried sludge, the university needs to prove it is a legitimate fuel and get regulatory approval.
No way, says zoo invertebrate curator Edward Spevak. Assassin bugs, like all species with no backbone, are vital our survival.
Silver tickets are $25 and include appetizers, two drink tickets and entertainment all night.
"Now we can go home," the older girl told her little sister, according to Lt. Lee Ellington, part of a team from the Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks.
In March, Tressel said this, after he realized the <U+0093>situation<U+0092><U+0092> wasn<U+0092>t going away before it went nuclear:
Go green
The street demonstrations also marked two months since the Occupy movement sprang to life in New York on Sept. 17. They were planned well before police raided a number of encampments over the past few days, but were seen by some activists as a way to demonstrate their resolve in the wake of the crackdown.
Metro Detroit home sales rose slightly in March, but median sales prices were boosted by 18.7% as fewer properties for sale fueled competitive bidding.
Ryan Broyles;;Okhlahoma;;5-10;;190;;4.51
"Some would say he was the craziest man in town to fund a staffing company in the fourth quarter of 2008, but I think he's pretty happy now," Howard said.
What did you start out doing here?
Well, Betty, they're probably not asking you about your guns — unless you're showing signs of violent, psychopathic behavior or you have new children in your house.
Both of those works of fiction underscore fears about society. And one cast member from the upcoming movie sees "Hunger Games" illustrating such a fear once again.
3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar
“My dream is for him to win a national championship,” Richard said. “And, to ever see him lose I just think this late in his career is extremely tough for me. So to be able to make this run next to him like this ... it’s all downhill from here.”
He remembers that the last waiver deal he worked out on health care for Oregon took five years to get through the federal bureaucracy.
Trading was thin ahead of the Memorial Day holiday. Consolidated volume on the NYSE was 2.8 billion shares. Markets will be closed Monday.
Defending champion Chris Horner will lead Team Radioshack when the Amgen Tour of California begins Sunday in Santa Rosa.
While all this was going on at HCC, the Chamber of Commerce hosted the annual Washington County Teacher of the Year award — a different kind of celebration, perhaps, but one with no less energy and no less connection to the business of business in our community. Our Chamber is the only one in Maryland so actively involved in its local Teacher of the Year program. And for good reason.
Hours: 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Monday through Thursday, 11 a.m.-10 p.m. Friday, 4-9 p.m. Saturday
of licensing for Major League Baseball, said the St. Louis area will have plenty of the first championship T-shirts and caps. Wider selections will pour into the stores a day or two later, a delay that he ascribed mainly to the limitations of air freight on weekends.
State Sen. Tom Kean Jr. (R-Union) will serve another two-year term as minority leader in the Senate, supported by Sens. Diane Allen (R-Burlington) as his deputy and Anthony Bucco (R-Morris) as the ranking Republican on the Budget Committee.
The game was CBC's first against a Missouri team after losing four straight during a spring break road trip.
Voices From the Disaster
Comment: First-round skill set comes with large caution flags because of multiple off-field issues in college. Began career at Florida but was booted. Great feet, hands, ball skills. Especially good at change of direction and initial 10-yard burst.
The only information students get about the cadavers are their gender, cause of death, and occasionally their ages.
In total, McBenge is suspected of three murders in seven months.
The school is one of three local institutions that receive donations of bodies for instruction. The Washington University School of Medicine, which gets about 280 donors annually, periodically spreads ashes in the woods at its Tyson Research Center in southwest St. Louis County. There's a clearing set aside for reflection, and families can call ahead to make visits, said Dan Loesche of the Washington University program. (Among its donors was Liebler's husband, Bernard, who died in 1991.)
Diane Rowland, executive vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation, also noted the decreases in the percentage of people with employer-provided insurance in 2008 for the eighth year in a row. She cited the proliferation of small businesses, which typically decline to offer insurance because of rising premium costs, which could lead to additional declines in private insurance even if the economy improves.
That's part of the reason why at every STM game this season, the same two coaches from Trinity and the same two coaches from Padua stand and watch.
"This beautiful snow starts to fall, these big flakes start to fall down and float from the sky," says Fischer, who's best known for playing the lovably sane Pam on the NBC workplace sitcom. "If we had scripted that and if we had paid for that, that would have been hundreds of thousands of dollars to make that snow."
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- One of the most prolific serial killers in Ohio’s history -- who took the lives of 11 women and discarded their remains in crawl spaces, trash bags and shallow graves -- is presumed innocent no more.
"The fact that the tax burden in Cuyahoga County is not only one of the highest in the state but also in the country is driving quality people out," Sopka said.
Oh yeah. Dillon is in a band out of N.Y.C. called Hollis Brown. They have been playing some of the finest clubs in N.Y.C. for the last couple of years and have been making a splash all around the country. Dillon learned his chops playing bass in COH since he was 17.
Which means?
3B MIKE SCHMIDT*: One of the most detailed rebukes I received about the 10-greatest list in Sunday's paper had to do with Schmidt. Rather, had to ... inconceivably ... do with Schmidt. The dude hit more homers than any other player in the 1980s, won 10 Gold Gloves, and is one of only two players to win three MVPs while playing entirely on the defensively demanding left side of the infield. Yet, according to one email I would have been better choosing Terry Pendleton, Ozzie Galarraga or, yep, Nick Stavinoha for the list ahead of Schmidt. I'm going to go out on a limb and suggest that even Dr. Thunder would acknowledge Schmidt edges him in a few significant categories. (Stavinoha, it should be noted, has a .272 average and a .444 slugging percentage as a pinch hitter, dwarfing Schmidt's woeful .204 and .327, respectively.) If someone can explain to me why Schmidt is a bad pick here, please the floor is yours ... He'll hold this spot for a few more years, I figure. Other candidates: Brooks Robinson, Wade Boggs, George Brett. Active candidates: Alex Rodriguez, Chipper Jones.
The boy ran to his friend's house then went home, where his mother called 9-1-1.
“I’d like to see them do it again,” the coach said.
Now, it's time to report that half of that income has come due, he said, so you'd need to get the income amount from the 2010 return.
Q. I consider you to be a superb all-around artist, but I would be remiss if I didn't mention the fact that you are particularly well-renowned for drawing pretty girls. Was this a conscious decision?
In the Portland area, the weather has been so dismal that people are calling the month "June-u-ary."
Work zones turn into danger zones when drivers don't slow down and pay attention, folks. Give crews the room they deserve.
The 2011 NBA Draft Lottery starts at 8:30 tonight, and with the exception of fans in Cleveland, Minnesota, Washington and Sacramento, (teams with the best chance at the top two picks), there isn't much to get excited about when it comes to this draft.
"But in a 16-hour day, we could pick up 100 cubic yards of debris and 15,000 gallons of oil a day," he said. "And we had spills that would take four or five days, so there was a lot of stuff on that river."
The plan to diminish public workers' collective bargaining rights was revised on Tuesday. After the revisions were unveiled, Seitz said he would not support the bill.
About 100 school districts across the state, including three in Orange County, are at impasse with their teachers unions – unable to hash out an employment contract, and with the state assigning mediators to each. That's four times the average of districts at impasse each year, according to the Sacramento-based school-finance consulting firm School Services of California.
Meanwhile the budget for the fiscal year that starts July 1 must be approved next month.
The Tuesday vote was on whether to move the legislation to the Senate floor for debate. With the recent desertions and a statement Thursday by Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell that it is too early to consider the bill, it appeared supporters lacked the 60 votes needed to advance the measure.
Halfway into the spring semester, 3,879 middle and high school students in the district, 23 percent of students, had either a D or F in math class, according to preliminary data collected from teachers who have been using the new intervention methods.
Last month, Lesniak reintroduced legislation authorizing online gaming in Atlantic City and at an off-track wagering site, possibly in Woodbridge.
Dalton Jacob Wrentmore
WHO'S IN CHARGE
Coffee with orange and dark chocolate liqueurs ($7) will stand in nicely for dessert when there’s no room for anything else.
Chrissy Scott, a volunteer with the Getty Owl Foundation, admires Mathany and Storm for choosing action over resignation. "They have gone way beyond accepting SMA, and they're trying to kick its butt," Scott said.
Santa Shop Weekends. Fairview Shopping Center, Lorain Road and West 220th Street, Fairview Park. 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Dec. 3-4, 10-11, and 17-18.
"Rather than push that savings to the bottom line of the organization, we gave $150 gift cards to a local fitness equipment store to all our employees in each of our locations," Ryan said.
The task force is made up of city police and uses resources from U.S. Marshal Service, State Police, the state parole board and Essex County prosecutor’s and sheriff’s offices.
I did that to my husband a few years ago. I am no longer married.
Jimmy LaSalvia, executive director of GOProud, a gay Republican group that supports same-sex marriage, criticized the president for "trying to have it both ways" on the issue.
“I’ve heard about it my whole life,” she said, looking up at the towering casinos. “This is supposed to be a city that never closes, right? It’s freaking me out.”
But when it comes to human investigators sniffing the Internet for specific companies or employees, the hunt for fertile tidbits is in full swing.
In the past when the district needed to clear old inventory, the items were sent to auction. This time, the district hoped to get the computers back into the hands of its children and their families, said district spokeswoman Monica Allread .
Today, mariachi music fills the Zócalo and fresh whitewash covers the walls. But marches in opposition to state Gov. Ulises Ruiz - who sent riot police to battle demonstrators - occur often, and residents say the underlying economic and political tensions remain.
You want to tell ghost stories, so you gather around a campfire.
Now, city officials and many of those targeted are voicing anger at the disclosures, which came in the wake of an Associated Press report showing that a secret NYPD surveillance program aimed at Muslims had extended well beyond New York City.
Andy McDonald flew around the rink like a gnat. Chris Stewart surprised the Flames with his speed and hands. Newcomers Jamie Langenbrunner and Jason Arnott made veteran, heads-up plays. And young defenseman Alex Pietrangelo and Kevin Shattenkirk contributed on the scoreboard.
“You’re going to see massive obligations, which may crush your capacity to ever achieve your dreams,” he said.
Beyoncé baby rumors untrue
“Everything That Happens Will Happen Today,” with David Byrne (2008)
Cain Park
"Every person who has criticized this decision, ask them a follow-up," Christie said this morning. "How would you pay for it? I can’t write the check if there is no money in the account."
"Everybody was on my lawn without many clothes on,” Curran said.
"We believe its source is from our refinery," Suncor Energy refining vice president John Gallagher said this morning.
587 Summit Hills Dr, $156,000
"She was pretty proud of that," Ron Tarver said.
"Officers are not going out there trying to gun down people," Thomason said.
Hey, Tony: I have submitted legitimate questions (that provoke some sincere thought about the Browns, and have nothing to do with prior coaching regimes) and you've ignored them. -- Jim Jarrell, Lakewood
Mrs. Bisharat was a retired psychiatric social worker who spent 15 years working at Sacramento hospitals and in private practice. She became active in the mental health community while working at a Los Angeles suicide prevention center during the 1960s and earned a master of social work degree at CSUS.
Josh McLaughlin, Thompson Valley 79-76—155
The manufacturing news jolted stock indexes out of a morning stupor, although the gains waned throughout the afternoon. The Dow added 65.69 points to 13,279.32, its highest closing mark since Dec. 28, 2007, during the first month of the Great Recession.
who has been chairman and CEO since 2000, leaves at a time when Massey's safety practices are under scrutiny by state and federal regulators. Its practices are also the subject of a criminal investigation.
But for the Olympia School District, for example, an anticipated shortfall of 56 students translates into about $250,000 less from the state in the coming year. The district will fill this hole by not replacing retiring teachers and support staff and by tapping into its already dwindling reserve fund, said district spokesman Ryan Betz.
In a large saute pan over medium heat, heat 1 1/2 tablespoons of the olive oil until hot but not smoking, and add the garlic. Saute for about 2 minutes, until the garlic is fragrant, then add half of the mushroom mixture, including the porcinis. Saute, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are softened and slightly browned. Season to taste and set aside. Repeat with the remaining oil and mushrooms, then add to the reserved mushrooms and mix well. Add the parsley, toss to combine, and set aside.
"If she scores on me that wouldn't be good," Caroline understated.
The Hawks nearly did it in Game 3 without Smith and centers Al Horford (pectoral) and Zaza Pachulia (foot). The Hawks used an 8-0 run to tie the score in regulation and were down 86-84 with less than two minutes remaining in overtime.
"It's not about me," Coughlin said, when asked what a second championship would do to his legacy. "That's the furthest thing from my mind, is how this enhances my legacy or whatever term you used. That's no where near anything that I am thinking about right now. What I'm concerned with is the concentration of our players — putting ourselves in the best frame of mind that we can possibly be.
-- Eden Medical Center in Castro Valley
Make no mistake. Even during his Rookie of the Year run and subsequent All-Star seasons, it wasn't always a smooth ride. When the Suns needed leadership, he didn't know about to summon it. He had seen few successful examples of that in his life. He could be both moody and utterly impossible to read, the product of a complicated youth. It can be tough to manage your emotions when you have a front-row seat of others' inability to do so.
One of Nason's predecessors, Dr. Ricardo Martinez, has been especially critical of car-seat makers. "It was very clear that the culture in that industry was to meet the standard, not to exceed" it, said Martinez, NHTSA's administrator under President Bill Clinton.
"We're giving kids a healthy option, a chance to be outside," said Chris McCloud, spokesman for the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, which operates the program in Chicago, the Metro East and elsewhere. ``It's an alternative to kids getting into trouble."
Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts called the union a "special interest that is bent on protecting a failed status quo in our schools."
The California family's home was remodeled for the first episode airing later that year. But soon, remodeling gave way to razing and rebuilding houses, making for more dramatic television during the housing boom. As the show became more popular, donations flowed and builders got more and more ambitious.
Why? His mom celebrated her 88th birthday, and although she's healthy, he worries about how long that will last. He wants to create a video history of his mother's life and times while they can both enjoy the experience.
The eurozone's monthly purchasing managers index - which tracks sales, employment, stock levels and prices - fell to 45.9 in April from 47.7 the previous month, according to financial information company Markit. Anything below 50 indicates a contraction in activity. Germany's index slumped to 46.2, its lowest level since the summer of 2009.
My favorite of the bunch is the 8-megapixel Samsung Memoir, which packs an impressive set of camera and phone functions into a slick package.
Without criticizing Haith's predecessor Mike Anderson, Ratliffe said: "It's hard for me to trust people, but I honestly can say I trust him and I haven't even known him for a year. He's a good guy, and I can honestly say I believe everything that comes out of his mouth."
Some were born in Latin American countries, such as the Argentine Gramatica brothers, but most have been born in the United States and claimed Hispanic roots.
"It made more sense that it was Cynthia," said Lt. Eugene "Doc" Coombs, the special investigations commander for the Jefferson County sheriff's office. "Julie Adams went missing in March 1988, and the remains were recovered in July. Even back then, all (investigators) had was skeletal remains. They should have had more than bones.
Miami outscored Dallas, 26-13, in the fourth quarter to cap the win.
And one can only wonder how the $2-billion-plus sale of the Dodgers is going to affect the stadium landscape in L.A., here and elsewhere. If baseball teams are worth $2 billion now, what's the sticker price on NFL franchises? The NFL isn't allowing a team to move into L.A. without a substantial relocation fee.
Nearly 300 people grieved at a candlelight vigil for Jeremy Stewart, 18, and his best friend, Nicholas "Nic" Presha, 16. The Winter Park High School students' burning bodies were found early Sunday just off Cady Way Trail, a bicycling and hiking path.
As speaker of the Ohio House, Republican Husted helped create the state's early voting system by allowing absentee voting for any reason for five weeks before an election.'
Ryan is almost literally a throwback. He is from the old days of hardball, when a starter was expected to clean up his own messes. It is a strange concept for a litigious era outside the lines, and one largely ignored inside them in the specialized game of today. More's the pity.
As the moment is stretched out, the camera pans to the other Republican hopefuls begging for the moderators to move on.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- It's time to get small.
The case file against Karr is sealed.
Doug Tilly, a meteorologist with the weather service's Weldon Spring office, said temperatures will top out in the mid 20s today, and the overnight low will be in the low teens. Skies should be clear today, he said.
Colorado's ski huts multiplied in the early 1980s, modeled after huts in the European Alps. Most were designed and paid for by World War II veterans of the 10th Mountain Division — the experimental military unit that pioneered skiing and survival techniques in Colorado's mountains and then conducted a surprise assault on a ridgetop Nazi stronghold in Italy, clearing the way for U.S. forces to invade.
*That man left his family financially ruined while he vacationed with his lover (on his company expense account)
Maybe it's Victoria's Secret Service?
For millions of students across the country community colleges provide educational excellence at an affordable price, making it a great place for students to begin their academic careers - especially in Missouri, where qualified students can earn a "free ride" courtesy of the A+ Scholarship.
In addition to his nephew, survivors include a sister, Helen Pitts Vaughan of Roanoke; and another nephew, Gary M. Vaughan of Lexington, Va.
"The school board has never wanted to be cooperative with the city," said Moyer.
In Washington County, political consultant Ben Unger raised over $95,000 in a Democratic House race against Katie Riley. She raised about $42,000, including a $13,500 in-kind donation of management services from her husband, former Rep. Chuck Riley, D-Hillsboro. The winner will face off against Rep. Katie Eyre, R-Hillsboro.
Myers, a 6-foot-3, 190-pound point guard, turned to his former Notre Dame Prep and Cecil Kirk teammate Antonio Barton (Memphis) for guidance.
Dave Varda, head of the Ohio Association of School Business Officials, said he has seen an increase in quality as more retired district treasurers sign on with charter schools.
"Of the nine players on the field, seven were upperclassmen, which is a good thing," Kleeman said. "I wish that was the case this year, but we'll be a little younger. We have only three seniors, but the other kids are doing a great job so far."
The Romney campaign spent part of the day defending its claim that women have suffered 92.3% of jobs losses under Obama. The statement, which was reiterated by Romney several times during his Hartford speech, was rejected as "mostly false" by the fact-checking website PolitiFact.
15. Cal State Fullerton (10-5)
Even with the cuts, Stockwell said, "These proposed reductions likely won't completely eliminate long-term budget concerns."
According to spokesperson Rhonda Burke, OSHA representatives were in Tampico, Ill., on Monday as well after Jade Garza and Hannah Kendall, both of Sterling, Ill., died after coming in contact with a field irrigator while working at removing tassels from corn.
Even with the questionable call, the Blazers still had one final chance in regulation to win. After a timeout, they worked the ball to Nicolas Batum on the wing, and he drove through the heart of the lane toward the rim. He had a clear path and rose for the game-winner near the buzzer. But instead of trying to dunk, Batum went for a layup and the Thunder's Russell Westbrook, who was trailing the play, just got a piece of the ball from behind and forced overtime.
The launch followed a daylong symposium at the Harvard Law School, where about 100 of the world's best minds on bullying, youth risks, media and education, addressed a variety of issues. I participated in the session on school culture and climate. There were also sessions on law and policy, evaluation and assessment, classroom-based curricula and media campaigns.
A year later, Cobras were winning races over Corvettes, and in 1964 the Rip Chords had a Top 5 hit on the Billboard pop chart with "Hey, Little Cobra." ("Spring, little Cobra, getting ready to strike, spring, little Cobra, with all of your might. Hey, little Cobra, don't you know you're gonna shut 'em down?")
That list of names reminds Vaughn that nothing is promised to him.
Why do they get these generous offers?
Sanders was suspended the two games without pay for "initiating an altercation, failing to leave the court in a timely manner and actions following his ejection."
Shake with ice and serve in a chilled shot glass. Take a dash of sugar and hot sauce on the hand, followed by a lick, then shoot.
Waits offered commentary for Hammond’s online biography, and went as far as saying Hammond is a “great force of nature” who sounds like a “big train coming.” Enough said.
Zachary Forster, phytoplankton specialist at the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife, saw fewer dead and dying birds on Clatsop County beaches on Wednesday -- and less foam.
However, the band is currently on tour in Belgium, forcing the postponement of the performance.
The report, "Unsafe and ineffective devices approved in the E.U. that were not approved in the U.S.," indicts a European system that American medical device makers, including hundreds of Minnesota companies, have held up as a model for getting lifesaving devices to market faster. It comes as Congress debates reauthorization of the Medical Device User Fee Act, the law under which devices are reviewed.
Westminster has no such vendors but is rife with delis known for snacky foods and banh. People buy the delicacies by the trayful for parties and family gatherings.
"You write the best first book you can," he says. "If readers like the first book and connect with the characters, they'll be eager to come back for a second helping. The central characters have to be people the reader likes and wants to see more of."
After all, who could possibly win an election by promising to embrace every opportunity to take part in meetings held in private? “I pledge to not reveal why decisions are made and my reasoning behind those decisions” does not smack of a campaign promise that will attract votes.
Naughton said that the room was constructed to be able to handle traffic court calls that could see as many as 1,000 people pass through in one day.
Piles of flowers and cards and mail stream into TIRR. The packages are checked by security before they're brought to Giffords' room, where a long row of post-office bins lines the floor. The letters make her happy, Carusone says. She has a stress squeezer in the shape of the Capitol dome, even a family of giant stuffed white tigers sent from Las Vegas by Siegfried and Roy. The pair took up the cause of brain injuries after Roy Horn was bit in the neck by a tiger in 2003, resulting in a stroke and partial paralysis.
EU policy makers on Tuesday reiterated recent statements of support for Spain's efforts to rein in its debt and deficit, helping Spanish bonds rally from recent lows even as investors demanded significantly higher yields to buy Spanish Treasury bills offered in auction.
The terms of the state's contract will save an estimated $12.6 million for Oregon taxpayers, according to an economist hired by the union who gave testimony during arbitration hearings in April.
But the offense contributed little else. Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez scattered six hits in seven innings.
4:22 p.m.: Motorcycle police have arrived.
"I'm in the right place but my chair is in the wrong place," said sophomore Piper Tracy, 20, who is not disabled and is among six women in the class.
“Opening day is fun, it’s like Christmas for me.”
Because of all the delays, executive tournament director Ian Jones said Sunday he's looking to move the event to a date after May but keeping the same location.
Board member Jeff Hewitson said he tried to ask about the contract with Allen and switching to a flat-fee brokerage agreement, but was never given a clear answer about the status of the contract.
Experts say that the so-called "Official English" or "English-Only" movements go back hundreds of years, though today's target Hispanics. Proponents have been much more successful at the local level than nationally. Today, 31 states have English as their official language.
Then in an elimination Game 3 against the Heat, with the Magic having trailed by 20 points in the opening quarter, center Rony Seikaly sustained a severe ankle sprain. He was done for the series.
“I think a lot of it has to do with the national economy,” said Monmouth University pollster Patrick Murray. “As it rebounds it makes it easier for people to afford to live in the state. What we found when we did larger stories of the quality of life is people really do appreciate all the amenities New Jersey has to offer.”
Longest Devils OT game since May 2, 2003, when Grant Marshall scored after 11:12.
Here's an easy way for Congress to cut $6 trillion in debt: Do nothing.
"I ask that you step aside to ensure the credibility of the proceedings in the PG&E case," Assemblyman Jerry Hill told President Michael Peevey during the public comment portion of a commission hearing in San Francisco.
"The more and more I found out, it would be kind of obnoxious of me to think that I could have this profound effect on him," Ravi said in the ABC News interview, which aired tonight.
After the workout tonight in the rugby stadium, the Rams will go through a public scrimmage Sunday at noon at Hughes Stadium, have practices on campus next Tuesday and Thursday, and close out spring drills with the April 21 spring game at their stadium.
* Jalan Wong Ah Fook, one of the busiest roads in Johor Bahru.
"The silver bullet isn't to run out there and kill all the coyotes or all the lions and boom <U+0096> you get all the deer back," said Ken Mayer, director of the Nevada Department of Wildlife. "It's way, way more complicated than that."
Both clubs have scored at least 86 goals this season, a feat which has been achieved by only one Premier League title winner in the past decade.
"In my experience, people do move toward home products that are going to meet their needs better," said Park, who owns a real estate firm in San Diego.
But it was Donegal-owned Finnegan<U+0092>s Wake who drew that post instead for a Friday race here.
As part of "Motorcycle Safety Awareness Month," law enforcement agencies, including the California Highway Patrol, are reminding motorists through a Caltrans freeway electronic message to "Share the road. Look twice for motorcyclists."
In a reference to the destruction of the World Trade Center, he added, “As we emerge from a decade of conflict abroad and economic crisis at home, it is time to renew … a united America of grit and resilience, where sunlight glistens off soaring new towers in downtown Manhattan, and we build our future as one people, as one nation.”
The stress was a good thing for Irons, he said. “I haven’t had that feeling in a long time.”
Let's set the scene lawmakers ignored. Homeowners have been up in arms with how loan servicers have bungled mortgage modifications promised by the government more than two years ago.
"It feels a little weird to be walking this way," Wood said in the visitors' dugout. "When you go through the minor leagues and have the success I had, you don't envision yourself taking this road. I just look forward to new opportunities."
"I was getting my focal point out of the back and getting my left foot down," Boyer said. "We all try to contribute. We come in here thinking that we want to win as a team. We're just a unit."
Transcripts of past discussions also are available. Here is an excerpt from last week's chat:
The former Democratic Party official and Mason discussed the job during a lunch meeting in January 2004, according to a letter in his personnel file. Mason billed the meal to his campaign fund, records show.
Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in a statement, condemned the attack as a violation of its sovereignty. "Such attacks are in total contravention of international law and established norms of interstate relations," it said.
There were several times during the 439 days that passed between the time he took his last meaningful snap for the Colts and when he signed his new contract with the Broncos that Peyton Manning couldn't help but wonder if his career might be over.
Menapace, Curtis and Marner met with designer and HGTV star Genevieve Gorder the next day. Gorder is the host of Dear Genevieve, a judge on HGTV Design Star and a former designer for Trading Spaces and Town Haul. She was in High Point launching her new line of woven area rugs for Capel Rugs.
Regarding the school district, he said: <U+0093>When you look at what's going on, we're nibbling around the edge. We're not helping kids' educational opportunities in a meaningful way.<U+0094> He even joked he had a <U+0093>BS<U+0094> card now for people offering advice on schools.
Prahalis had eight points and an assist in a 12-4 second-half run that gave the Buckeyes (5-0) the lead for good.
To make sauce: Whisk maple syrup with 4 tablespoons Dijon. Taste and add 1 or 2 more teaspoons Dijon to taste. (Sauce may be refrigerated overnight. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Mix pecans, flour, salt and pepper on a plate. Remove chicken from marinade. Coat chicken on both sides with pecan mixture. If time permits, refrigerate at least 1 hour to help crumbs adhere.
Personal story: "Winning districts my junior year for volleyball ... was exciting because we were the underdogs. Also, our opponents were former teammates of mine. I had improved a lot, so I felt so accomplished when I had a kill for the winning point of the game."
5. DETOURS AND ROAD BLOCKS
Applied Materials' slides suggested a more cautious shift, with 450-millimeter wafers ready for production around 2019.
''I was always the kid who could draw,'' he said. ''I had this talent, and it was the one thing that gave me some kind of dignity in the midst of my personal environment.''
This also is the transition year for up to six IPS schools -- Arlington, Broad Ripple, Howe, Manual and Washington high schools and Donna Middle School -- that face possible state takeover.
So, one way or another, you are already rationing your capital across your lifespan, whether you realize it or not.
Evansville responded with an 8-0 run, led by Ryan, the Valley's second-leading scorer. He scored on a pair of baskets, the second thanks to his own steal, and built a 51-41 lead with 13:47 remaining.
When I asked Art Kohlman of County Tuckpointing and Chimney Repair in St. Charles how he got started in the business, he said, "I started working with my dad when I was about 16, doing it in summers when I was in high school."
Then, a chance meeting led them to a camp in a far northern Iraq dedicated to fostering friendship between Muslim and Christian children from Baghdad. The group included some children from Our Lady of Salvation, a Baghdad church that was attacked by Islamic militants in a 2010 bombing that killed 58 people.
*Although unrestricted free agent tailback Cedric Benson hasn't garnered any interest in the marketplace -- the seven-year veteran acknowledged this week that he hasn't made any visits -- there is some interest from a few clubs who view him as a time-sharing power runner.
MARGARET JO URICK-BLEDSOE, 87, Altamonte Springs, died Friday. Loomis Family Funeral Home, Apopka.
This manifests itself most obviously in Champagne, where climate and history conspired to make nearly all the local grapes into a pale beverage infused with natural fizz. Yet there's a similar drive almost everywhere - not only to make wine, but to make wine sparkle. In places as far-flung as India and Chile, tiny bubbles are the order of the day. With few exceptions, they are capped by the same ubiquitous Champagne cork and placed in the same shape of bottle, with its graceful slope and thick walls.
State regulators gave PG&E until June 20 to turn over what data it had on weld flaws and failures over the last 55 years on more than 5,700 miles of gas transmission lines. The utility said the burden of searching the records could hinder the completion of a first round of high-pressure water testing of 152 miles of its urban pipeline system and ongoing research into records on its network that it has pledged to complete by the end of October.
But Adams is a three-year starter and still considered one of the better lineman in the draft.
"This case has broad and wide-ranging implications for county collective bargaining," said Hodgson.
Meanwhile, as the prosecution wrapped up its case, the defense provided more clues that they will focus heavily on the victim's widow, Andrea Sneiderman.
The celebration for the end of the sixth session took place Saturday at the May Center at SSM DePaul Health Center in Bridgeton. SSM Health Care-St. Louis, Curves, the Suburban Journals, the YMCA, the American Heart Association, Fleet Feet and Charter Communications were the sponsors.
Florida's policymakers must address the educational concerns of the shortcomings of virtual education, such as less social interaction, less group or collective learning, less peer engagement and less teacher interaction.
In response to a request from The Associated Press, Washington police checked their records for Dec. 16, 2010 and the W hotel — the date and place cited in media reports — and found no reports describing allegations of such activity at the hotel.
It's a quiet, calm stand to deny this family's denial, thereby removing the courtesy-cover under which the bully operates.
As for Irving, he ended his night playing alongside Wall, a pair of No. 2s distinctive enough to everyone in the basketball world save for one Danish journalist.
You can trace the roots of Draper's character back through American literature and culture, from Natty Bumppo and Huck Finn, to Jake Barnes, Elmer Gantry, Charles Foster Kane and Tony Soprano, and perhaps, most of all, to F. Scott Fitzgerald's creation of Jimmy Gatz, who assumed an entirely new identity as Jay Gatsby in 1925.
Sís received a 2008 Caldecott Honor and the 2008 Sibert Medal for his book The Wall: Growing Up Behind the Iron Curtain (FSG/Foster); a 1999 Caldecott Honor for Tibet: Through the Red Box (FSG/Foster); and a 1997 Caldecott Honor for Starry Messenger (FSG/Foster). In 2003, Sís was named a MacArthur Fellow in the Visual Arts.
However, some top economic analysts such as Federal Reserve ChairmanBen S. Bernanke say they expect the energy-related jump in inflation to be only temporary. Bernanke focuses more on the so-called core inflation numbers, which exclude volatile energy and food items. In February, core inflation edged up just 0.1% from January and was up 2.2% from February 2011, close to the Fed's explicit target of 2%.
Kaboose
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Here is a transcript of President Obama's remarks in Columbus Tuesday, provided by the White House:
Sam and Moaneti Lucas were making final preparations to leave their home when they were engulfed by fire, Moaneti's sister Mellissa Lucas of Bethlehem, Conn., said Wednesday.
Bobbitt said that “all Americans owe him and his family our gratitude, I urge Gov. Christie to allow New Jersey to lower our flags in respect.”
Another favorite is homemade cookies with fresh fruit. I like to team fresh berries with a little minced fresh mint and agave syrup to taste. For a picnic, I serve the fruit in clear plastic cups and pass the container of cookies.
Before I left to cover a Monsters game, I did a light, 35-minute treadmill and some crunches. Much to the dismay of my paunch, I'm starting to get addicted to crunches. Siebert had me scheduled for a rest day following back-to-back weight/cardio days, but I wanted to extend my treadmill streak to double-digits for the first time in forever. I wore a sleeve on the right knee for the second straight day and the knee calmed down.
The illegal conduct traces to 2002 -- about a year after the prison opened. Supervisors learned of the crimes by Golden and three others at Coffee Creek in 2008 -- resulting in unprecedented state settlements with 17 victims. Yet reports of abuse continue. Two men were arrested this spring and a third is under suspicion for alleged incidents from 2010 through last July.
Tahir began working at the $154,000-a-year job as director of the lab in Pakistan on July 4, according to the The Express Tribune of Pakistan. The county placed him on unpaid leave July 8.
Management drew up a contingency plan for raising money fast, including halting lending completely, which would provide access to $1 billion, and selling life insurance policies it held on executives, with cash values of nearly $2 billion.
Allows the state Apportionment Board by majority vote to select private counsel instead of the Ohio Attorney General's office to represent the board if it is challenged in court over the constitutionality of General Assembly district boundaries the apportionment board draws. The House Speaker and Senate President could also jointly decide to select private counsel to represent them if they are challenged in court over the constitutionality of congressional district boundaries the legislature draws.
A volunteer internship with U.S. Rep. Marcia Fudge, working as a vocabulary tutor for inner-city students through her church -- St. John A.M.E. Church -- serving on the church's junior usher board, and working in the church nursery.
No performer has been severely injured while, say, standing on the horses during Roman riding, acrobatic vaulting or performing the "Cossack Hang." A few have suffered sprains or a broken bone, Latourelle says.
4. "Last Christmas"
"I know there's a stigma that has made it hard for people to acknowledge it, if they're sick," said Donner, who was cured of her cancer but is still living with lupus. "I didn't tell anyone I had lupus for many, many years, and I didn't tell anyone I had cancer.
Allen, according to court papers, was grilling hot dogs and hamburgers outside the store when the ambush took place, and told a court-appointed psychologist that he provided food, money and other support to people in his community.
314 N Van Buren Av, $425,000
Amar'e Stoudemire scored 14 points, Landry Fields and J.R. Smith both added 12, Mike Bibby had 10 and Tyson Chandler grabbed 11 rebounds for New York, which is 1-8 in playoff games with Anthony and Stoudemire as teammates.
Cerenity officials said they had no reason to suspect Blair, the tenant services coordinator, was stealing from residents last year, according to Chuck Heidbrink, president of Cerenity Senior Care, which has five locations in Minnesota.
Where: 1881 Fulton Road, Cleveland
“We’re better than we showed the last three days,” Teixeira said after another quiet night by the Yankees led to a 5-0 loss to Jake Arrieta and the Baltimore Orioles at Yankee Stadium.
"Kids are very sensitive and they pick up that vibe," she says. "What parents need to realize is, it's not going to be as bad as they think."
"(His mother) was thinking down the road because she knew her illness was terminal and she wanted him to have the best care," Kim said.
The event, which begins at noon and is open to the public, includes lunch and an historic photo display. The cost is $25 a person; $15 for City Club members.
The dental students also educated parents and children on proper oral healthcare techniques and offered dentistry work at their school for a discount rate.
3-point goals — Fleming, none. Simla, Digby, Wilson 2. Total fouls — Fleming 15, Simla 18. Fouled out — None.
OL Ryan Rockow, jr., St. Charles West
To compile our list, we looked at earnings potential and living expenses in the 50 largest continental U.S. metropolitan statistical areas and metropolitan divisions--geographic entities defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget for use by federal agencies in collecting, tabulating and publishing federal statistics.
What this can translate to in the real world of parenting is this: Do your darndest to keep all screen time for children younger than 2 to nothing. It's OK to let your little one play independently in a safe area while you make dinner. It's good for her, actually.
Racial tension runs throughout "Memphis" which thematically plays out like a harder edged version of "Hairspray." What breaks through all that tension is the music in what, from beginning to end, is one of the strongest collections of original songs to come off of Broadway in a while.
The two were among the first to acknowledge their plan's unpopularity -- and to suggest it would be a nonstarter in Congress.
But the most important number is ... 20.
"I’m concerned with everybody shooting off in the paper," he said. "I think it’s reasonable for Mr. Holder to get everybody in the room together and see what the facts were."
The bad: Troubleshooting possible Bluetooth connection problems can be a hassle compared to the reliability of hardwired headphones. Unlike previous Logitech designs, there are no playback controls.
Daniels said she ran for council based on a desire to step outside traditional roles and find ways to do good. "At the time, there was ... a need for a certain voice, one coming from the perspective of young families, which I think Gilbert is largely made up of," she said. "I felt like I could provide that voice."
"Today should be viewed as a victory for what didn't happen," Husted said.
Nancy Lilly*
If that is so, Mr. President, why are our doors still virtually closed to our Iraqi helpers, as we exit their country? Why are you consigning many of them to death?
Gingrich cancelled a scheduled trip to the state late in the week to concentrate on the two Southern primaries on Tuesday.
While it’s early to be thinking of next year’s candidates, we’d like to suggest Whitney Houston, whose soaring, stirring voice was shaped by her years in Newark. Weakness made her life more difficult than it might have been, but the strength of that voice will endure as a powerful testament to her achievement and an inspiration for others.
The lack of power throughout the Cubs' lineup is glaring. They have only five home runs, last in the majors, including two by LaHair.
Board member Cynthia Coyle of Harper's Choice said she preferred not to change the course.
I enjoy panel discussions when there are people on the panel who disagree with one another. I want to hear other points of view. But almost every other topic, the panel all appeared to agree. So in my humble opinion, it was the composition of the panel — all volunteers, I should add — that was not quite right for this type of discussion.
Sand Creek 000 000 0 — 0 0 0
The general public can access a sex offender database, with the addresses of registered sex offenders, at meganslaw.ca.gov.
Bertolotti said Murphy, who lived in Edison for years, showed interest in performance from a very young age and that she had an amazing capacity to connect with people, no matter what the circumstances. He says "she was just a regular girl."
Coach Dabo Swinney probably wouldn’t disagree.
That’s not how it works.
She sits down to eat lunch with the rest of her class at Bankbridge Development Center, the desks arranged in a U-shape. Her speech therapist, Rachel Giuliano, sits next to her to help her eat, but Cailey’s not interested. Instead, she keeps grabbing Giuliano’s hands and pulling them toward her, so she can tickle Cailey. Cailey laughs over and over again, the giggles bursting from her wide-open mouth. She rests her head on Giuliano’s leg, her tousled hair falling over her eyes.
The woman on the 911 call did not specify if there was more than one assailant or if anything was being taken from the home, Tulgetske said.
But at least one Salem resident had apparently never heard of the scam, said Salem Lt. Steve Birr.
"The U.S. Forest Service has the largest amount of parks and campgrounds in the nation. The vast majority of them are privately run and you don’t see billboards, Starbucks or any of the things some people say. Park agencies are not handing over ownership to the parks. They set the tone in leasing agreements about exactly what I can and cannot do," Meyer said.
<U+0095> Selected: 117th (fourth round)
"A majority of exposures to members of the public resulted from the involved individual's disregard of warning and trespass signs or intentional tampering with the devices," she added.
As much as Mozeliak likes Oquendo, the fact is Oquendo wasn't part of the GM's posse. And that's the primary reason as to why one man got the job, and the other man didn't. If Mozeliak thought so highly of Matheny that he gave him his first baseball job, wouldn't it stand to make sense that Mozeliak would want to hire Matheny again? They're tight.
<U+0096> Judy Jones, Sacramento
Wes Hall of KHHT – Hot 92.3 FM – will broadcast live 10 a.m.-2 p.m. from Spaghettini Grill in Seal Beach Sunday (Oct. 31). Ted Ziegenbusch of KOST.103.5 FM will be there 6-8 p.m. Sunday.
Johnny Damon will be available to make his Indians debut, while Shin-Soo Choo is expected to return when Cleveland opens a three-game road series against the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night.
365 Organic 26
So the renewal of Laika's partnership with Focus is a vote of confidence in the studio's artistic vision and commercial potential.
Finally, after 12 agonizing hours, the couple was reunited.
Anyone recall television's initial coverage of the Summer Olympics?
"We're looking forward to seeing just how good we can become," he said.
New and recent plays by Lynn Nottage and Donald Margulies will be among the highlights of the Geffen Playhouse's 2012-13 season, the first complete one since the death late last year of Gil Cates, the company's founder and producing director.
"One thing I feel with our players is you don't have to tell them. You don't have to motivate them," Bennett said. "They've tasted it. They've felt the sting of not winning. They've felt the joy and the pride of winning the league. They understand both ends of it. They're self-motivated and they want to be good. That solves a lot of problems in coaching."
The receiver contends that Gina Cook, 35, is trying to sell the house in an apparent end-run around the receivership so that her credit rating won't take a hit from a forced sale. The receiver says federal law requires the court's approval, and three appraisals, before the house can be sold.
The Cleveland store, formerly called Ganley Dodge West, has closed; the Middleburg Heights store now sells used cars and Ganley East in Wickliffe continues to sell Subaru and Suzuki vehicles.
Even in Fairfield.
Anarchists come in many forms, from homeless rail hoppers to those pushing hard against authority to those advocating for leaderless communities aimed at pure self-governance.
The Blues were a middle-of-the-pack team in the regular season at 50.4 percent, but in the playoffs they have turned the tables on the Sharks. The Blues are 145-136 in faceoffs in the series, winning 51.6 percent. The gap was especially striking in Games 2 and 4. In Game 2, the Blues went 36-29 on faceoffs, and in Game 4, they went 31-26.
Two hours passed before I knew it. I was a good kind of exhausted, the kind that comes from working hard and letting go. Never a fan of just sitting by the beach (too much to do, write, think, say), I let myself sit and feel the breeze over the bay, nothing to read, nothing to do, nowhere to go.
At $9,936, a year of infant care costs more in this state on average than a year of tuition at the University of Oregon -- about $3,400 more. Oregon has the seventh-least affordable day care in the nation, reports the National Association of Child Care Resource and Referral Agencies.
“We’ve got confidence and we know how to manage the games now,” said goalkeeper and captain Jimmy Nielsen, who didn’t face a shot on goal for the second straight game. “The way we play, our physical style of play, we can do that for 90 minutes now and we know that.
Never mind spiking the football after Osama bin Laden’s death; President Obama has turned his re-election campaign into one big end-zone dance.
Right tackle Tony Pashos said the Browns' staff did a great job considering all of the injuries that were occurring simultaneously.
Per sandwich cookie: 196 calories; 12g fat; 4g saturated fat; 19mg cholesterol; 6g protein; 18g carbohydrate; 1g fiber; 116mg sodium.
Aides to Romney reject that judgment, saying that as governor he was motivated solely by his belief that marriage should remain between a man and a woman, and that the court was overstepping its bounds.
But his project to privatize some of Alaska's game lives on in the Parnell administration. At least one deputy commissioner is still working on the landowner permit project. Rossi's replacement, Doug Vincent-Lang, says it remains under active consideration, though he needs time to review it.
The blankets and sleeping bags were later donated to Southwest Emergency Services in Arbutus.
SAN FRANCISCO (USA TODAY) — Having kids may not make us miserable after all.
<U+0095> Ventura women's coach Ned Mircetic has won six state championships in 13 final four appearances. The Pirates have wins this season against Mount San Antonio of Walnut (twice) and Fresno City, which are state semifinalists. Ventura has won 72 consecutive home games, last losing in 2008 to Foothill of Los Altos Hills, the team Ventura faces today.
It all starts with the decision on Peyton Manning, whose doctors say has a healthy neck but questions remain about whether (or when) the nerves in his right arm will regenerate. Manning is due an enormous $28 million roster bonus March 8 if he’s still on the team. The Colts have the No. 1 pick in the draft, which makes Andrew Luck becoming the new face of the franchise possible.
The boys final is scheduled for 6 p.m.
Both Mayfield and Stacey Briggs, a St. Clair County health educator, give lessons to Metro East teens about personal health. Briggs said she's seen that only teaching students about abstinence leaves gaps in teens understanding of prevention.
Students from Canyon Montessori have celebrated Week of the Young Child, which began this past Monday and has continued throughout the week with various activities.
Opera New Jersey has a history of supplying fresh vocal talent. With role debuts and young singers, some rough patches were to be expected at Sunday’s season-opening performance of “Don Giovanni” — but the talent level impressed.
The mural isn't quite done, she said. She'll fill as much space as possible.
The retirement ceremony was the first one ever conducted by the Garden City AFJROTC cadets. According to JROTC instructor, retired Lt. Col. Colleen Gilmour, cadets are required to plan and execute a senior project. Cadet Lt. Col. Jennifer Temperly started on the project and Flory helped in completing it. Temperly wasn't at the ceremony that was held April 27.
But playing hurt hasn't done him or his team any good this season. Rolling him back onto the field on one good leg - with limited practice time over a huge chunk of the season - would make no sense.
“I’m going in trying to make the team. Being undrafted, I’m kind of hungry. I want to show a lot of teams that you passed on me and I should have been picked.”
Kovalchuk's injury opened a roster spot for Larsson, 19 and a rookie defenseman, to be activated. His shot from the circle beat Bryzgalov on his glove side early in the third for the tying goal. Clarkson made it 2-1 minutes later when he scored off a rebound. Zajac's fifth goal of the postseason on a backhander made it 3-1 and gave the Devils an insurance goal.
Ansell describes waiting rooms stuffed "as tight as a stockyard cattle car," clinics that felt like mosh pits, brilliant doctors and tough-as-nails administrators who fought alongside staff and community activists for much-needed reforms. We learn about the race, political and financial issues still shaping urban medical care through the stories of County's long-suffering patients.
"I'd think long and hard about it, I'm not kidding you," said Berkman, who may have been only half-kidding, at best.
When we asked Dropbox for a bit more clarity, the company issued this response: “Our policy is to provide notice to users about law-enforcement demands for data, except in the event where the law or highly compelling circumstances prohibit us from doing so.”
p.m. Saturday at the Metzenbaum Center, 8200 Cedar Road, Chesterland. It will feature info and services to families along with hands-on activities, entertainment, door prizes and refreshments. Kids can meet miniature horse Rick O'Shay, Geauga's newest deputy sheriff from 10 to 11 a.m. Entertainers include Jasmine Dragons, Spitunia the Clown, Banjo the Clown and a guest appearance by Superman. Children must be accompanied by an adult. Call 440-285-2282 for details.
So far, Boeing has put about 125 people, many of them laid-off autoworkers, through this "pre-employment" training, a several-week program run in partnership with St. Louis Community College. Most have wound up with jobs at Boeing. Two classes are under way now, and five more already are planned.
øMore meaty: drivetrain changes that include adding direct injection to the base V-6, giving it V-8-like power. Also a rambunctious new 5-liter, 429-horsepower V-8 with direct injection.
Hockey embarrassed itself today, twisting in its own contradictions. After all the indignation following the public exposure of NFL <U+0093>bounties,<U+0094> the NHL basically reaffirmed with Weber<U+0092>s wrist slap that it could casually look the other way in regards to deliberate, dangerous physical aggression.
But he says many creditworthy borrowers are finding it difficult to get mortgage loans. He says small businesses that have used their homes as collateral for loans also face "challenging" conditions.
Bahraini officials say four policemen have been injured in a blast in the violence-wracked Gulf kingdom.
"We are disappointed but must respect the verdict of the jury," Attorney General Paula Dow said. "The prosecutors, detectives and other personnel assigned to this case gave it their all in the interest of safeguarding fair elections and the fundamental right of citizens to vote. I commend them for the skill and dedication with which they conducted this trial and the underlying investigation."
As members of our training camp sampled the meal they had slaved over, they swirled and sipped the wines. We didn't tell them what they were drinking, hid the boxed wine and disguised the bottles in brown paper bags.
Is it just experience? Try biting into a two-day-old piece of French bread and instantly all is revealed. Same way, pull a two-day-old loaf of $5 multigrain out of the breadbox only to find it covered with blue fur, and you relearn the benefits of refrigeration. Probably something about the chemical contents of the two loaves causes them to behave differently, but that's purely a guess. I don't begin to understand what's actually going on. I've just learned to negotiate around it.
It's true that the Blazers offense is routinely out of sync. With or without Roy on the court, they play in spectacular bursts, followed by maddening lulls. Watching Portland's offensive rhythm this season is like listening to Christopher Walken recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
Look no further than the "counter menu," which for $49 takes you through at least five courses of what amounts to a highfalutin reconsideration of bar snacks. Add a masterful cocktail list managed by head bartender Carlo Splendorini and the extensive wine list overseen by Matthew Turner, and you've taken the bar bite to its white-pearl apotheosis - minus the white pearls, of course, as the aesthetic at Mina 2.0 is notably unfussy.
Some Alzheimer's disease experts recommend writing down the answer and giving it to the patient. Instead of asking you the question repeatedly, they can look at your answer on paper.
Osemele, who is 6-foot-5, 335 pounds, started 43 games the past four seasons for Iowa State.
The first 2nd Swing store opened in 1997 on East Hennepin Avenue in Minneapolis. By the end of the decade, there were four.
Russell Carson, a billionaire venture capitalist who has been a major contributor for more than a decade, said that donors' demands for more information were based on an emerging desire to "make sure we were getting a good return" on a sizable investment.
IBM also fell in after-hours trading following its earnings report, but the New York tech giant came in below expectations. IBM reported profits of $2.61 per share on revenue of $24.7 billion, below FactSet's average analyst projections of $2.66 per share on revenue of $24.82 billion.
Chicago took a 1-0 lead in the fifth. Dayan Viciedo singled and moved to third on Flowers' double into the left-field corner. Brent Morel had an RBI grounder to short, Flowers advancing to third.
"On a slow day we'll do 300 or 400 pies," he says. "On a really busy day, like just before Thanksgiving, we'll make 1,000 or more."
So what did the powerful politician — now a state senator let go by the Salvation Army — do for the megachurch that takes in billions each year?
"I don't think government has a right to dictate to people what their moral values should be," she said. "Mostly I'm against Rick Santorum because he kind of preaches. He's making the religious issues the centerpiece of his campaign, and I think that's wrong. That's not where we should be today. We need to talk about the economy and jobs."
In Multnomah County, civil suits under $50,000 are automatically sent to an arbitrator to resolve. The arbitrator assigned to this case issued a draft ruling earlier this month in Durham's favor because Chambers failed to respond to repeated letters requesting he participate in hearings.
"Junior's always been in good spirits," he said. "If something is bothering him, you won't know."
But Ujifusa, the prosecutor, called the girl to tell her story in more than seven hours of wrenching testimony. She thought she had been in love with Rouse. He'd seemed smitten with her, even tattooing an imprint of her lips on his neck. But the 21-year-old told her he needed money to buy diapers for one of his children. She'd need to have sex with men for cash.
"I got a tremendous number of comments just from people around saying, 'Hey Tom, keep it going, bring Safeway back,' and the whole thing," Maletis said. "It was great to hear that."
Higley is a freelancer from Avon Lake. Contact her at chigley4sun@gmail.com.
Activities: Rotary Club Student of the Month ... Junior Jays football camp volunteer ... Washington Public Library Family Reading Night volunteer.
After he was sanctioned, Bermudez closed Centro de Ayuda, which operated from an office building he owned on Thomas Road. He said the private company generated $500,000 a year in revenue.
Opponents such as former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman, who finished third in New Hampshire, pounced on Romney's statement that "I like being able to fire people" - even though Romney was talking about how people should have the ability to choose their own health insurer and drop it for not doing a satisfactory job.
One of the biggest untapped reservoirs is the massive amount of uncollected sales taxes for online retailers — something even Jeb Bush recently began pushing to change, since the current system puts Florida's brick-and-mortar employers at a competitive disadvantage.
Johnson, who admits he'll probably feel some twinges when he sees the new owner of his Ranger drive the truck away, was surprised when he heard about Ford's plans to stop making Rangers for the U.S. market.
Per canape (ham): 25 calories, 1 g protein, 3 g carbohydrate, 1 g fat (0 saturated), 3 mg cholesterol, 103 mg sodium, 0 fiber; Per canape (gravlax): 45 calories, 2 g protein; 2 carbohydrate, 3 fat (1 saturated), 10 cholesterol, 142 sodium, 0 fiber.
It doesn't save energy to change the thermostat setting for short periods several times a day. If you'll be gone less than six hours, leave your thermostat as is.
Swan, a Republican who endorsed Jon Corzine and served on his transition team, declined to comment.
Opened last fall by Java Beach Cafe owners Pat and Buffy Maguire, who have a preternatural grasp of the neighborhood's hot-coffee-and-surf ethos, Beachside offers a full day's menu.
Like all of government, libraries have expanded beyond their original purpose and now provide services never originally intended that are easily obtained elsewhere for little or no cost or effort. Scrap the libraries. Save taxpayer money, and move into the 21st century.
4219 Hamilton Ave.
The study also mentions six currently recognized lizard species, including one in the British Virgin Islands that Mayer said he described about 12 years ago.
The city's first use of the pervious concrete was two years ago in the Sexton Mountain neighborhood, along a 500-foot stretch of Southwest 155th Avenue between Bristol Lane and Middleton Court. Residents wanted sidewalks to replace ditches, especially because the route is close to Sexton Mountain Elementary School.
The store will also have a doll hair salon and a boutique where customers can design T-shirts.
"I hit bottom, and I keep hitting bottom and then I'm like, 'the only way I can escape from bottom is if I can do something powerful to change,'" said Starr, an 11-time All-American at the University of Texas.
In terms of benefits, he says, he receives the same as any officer. But while other retired officers pursued political careers and lucrative jobs in the private sector, he runs a small business that recycles old tires and lives in the impoverished Druze town of Isfiyeh, where schools are overcrowded and roads need repair.
He suggested that Romney is miscast politically because he served as governor of Massachusetts, a state with a liberal tradition, saying, "he reminds me of a sort of earnest, upper Midwest person." Ryan said that Romney "has the principles, the skills, the skills" to govern the country and put the economy on a stronger footing.
And on Thursday it was a beautiful day for a baseball game.
"Nothing here feels like decoration," he says looking at the books and art. "It's about keeping close what's important to me."
Stadium opponents have decried the idea of giving hundreds of millions of public dollars to a billionaire for what they dub "Zygi World," a reference to the anticipated hotels, stores and other developments surrounding a new stadium. Wilf said Thursday that all $400 million of the team's commitment would go directly toward building the 260-acre stadium project, not to surrounding development.
If that seems like ancient history with no current correlation, Kansas players will tell you otherwise, thanks largely to the indoctrination speeches of former KU coach Don Fambrough.
You'll spend 10 minutes or so creating your own account, requiring you to track a new user name and password. But it's worth it. Make sure the agency has your earnings history correct. That's key in how it calculates your benefit.
According to an email to its members, "The Sutter Club provides bicycle enthusiasts and those new to the sport some of the best seats in the house for Monday's stage, a 133-mile route from Squaw Valley to Sacramento. Please join fellow Sutter Club members and guests for a casual day of good food, camaraderie, and this world-class athletic event."
BEREA -- The Browns signed Green Bay free agent running back Brandon Jackson to a two-year deal for $4.5 million, per Adam Schefter of ESPN.
"Dreamgirls" (April 6-11, 2010): A new stage production of the hit show about a 1960s girl group that makes its way from the streets of Detroit to the top of the charts. This show incorporates songs that were written for the movie adaptation a few year's back (including the Beyonce ballad "Listen") into the original's lineup.
Mike Rourke, vice president of @properties Commercial, represented the landlord in the lease and James Ascot of Ascot Realty Group Inc. represented the dealer.
The state has historically acted as a repository for reports of local investigations into cheating by educators. Principals are required to inform the state about suspected or proven cheating, but compliance has been haphazard.
Pilar Sanders was booked into the Collin County (Texas) Jail on a misdemeanor domestic violence charge. Jail records do not give details on the alleged attack, including whether anyone else had been arrested, and police from the town of Prosper declined to discuss the case Tuesday.
Stern: We'll see. But the one thing I can say to you is that the new collective bargaining agreement will speak to that with each passing year more forcefully, because what I also said to you when last we met was that as the new tax levels become effective, there will be a limitation on what any team can add. And those levels actually will hit small- and large-market teams alike, because the question is not the size of your market. It's going to be the size of your payroll.
But Mesho Morrow does have a dream - a dream to someday run a successful women's professional team in St. Louis, a town that has long struggled to support pro basketball, regardless of gender.
Once the shooting let up, the squad ran to the nearest canal and splashed through knee-deep water. They were still trying to get a fix on the insurgents. When vegetation in the ditch forced them into a poppy field, they came under fire again.
I taste the second. Ouch.
Eveland was removed from Monday's start for Triple-A Norfolk after throwing just 63 pitches against Louisville. He threw five shutout innings and allowed just four hits. Eveland is not listed among Tides starters for games this week.
For more information, contact the Sandy Recreation Department at 503-668-5569.
Greeks were already seeing the effects of the intensified austerity measures. Some 7,000 civil service jobs will be placed under review after the government announced Wednesday that 75 state agencies will be closed or restructured over the summer -- the first tangible indication of possible government layoffs since the Greek debt crisis began.
'Dream Work and Spirituality'
to ponder You.
high unemployment for displaced workers in that sector.
Set aside the misguided notion that mothers have much of a choice when it comes to working a paid job or staying at home. Not when wage and salary data, adjusted for inflation, show the typical Oregon man earning $3 less an hour in 2007 than in 1979, according to the Oregon Center for Public Policy.
In Camden, for instance, reported crime has been up in almost all categories this year compared with 2010 and 2009. But crime has multiple causes, and experts caution that it's hard to determine how much of the increase could be because of layoffs.
Michael Lewis 289
Kerr is well-known among crime fiction buffs, but will gain more recognition if HBO goes ahead with the series. He seems to be more available lately: He was in St. Louis just last year.
The rising use of hagwons sparked a backlash from government officials and activist groups that say children of parents who can't afford the private services are being left behind. Some argue that the cost of education associated with hagwons is one of the reasons South Korea's birth rate has fallen to the lowest of any industrialized country—1.1 children per woman aged 15-49.
Red, pink and white azaleas that typically are ablaze for the opening round have lost their bloom or were wilting fast. The beautiful contrast of white against the lush course comes from sand in the bunkers, not dogwoods.
National Institutes of Health research suggests that side effects in the elderly can range from excessive sedation to increased risk of death.
The ride across the water is just $10 one-way -- far less expensive than a cab -- and takes just seven minutes. It also affords one of the most spectacular views of the Boston waterfront.
"The mistakes that were made regarding the recording of student credits should have never happened," said Ochoa. "I am committed to learning from these mistakes and making the necessary corrections. I will also make every effort to see that such mistakes do not reoccur."
The new cafe, located in a space to the left of the front doors in a space previously unused near the stairs, is much appreciated.
The team studied blood samples from 50 patients with confirmed heart attacks and 44 healthy control patients. First they established that the heart attack patients had more circulating endothelial cells in their blood — 19 cells per milliliter, on average, versus four in healthy individuals.
Power down. Turn off the electricity supply before working with outdoor lighting and unplug lights when possible.
If you can't move apartments and the upstairs tenants can't reduce their noise, you should speak to your landlord about paying a few months' rent to terminate your lease early. If it's a desirable building, your landlord may be convinced to terminate your lease early for an extra month's worth of rent. Be sure to get any agreement you and your landlord make in writing and signed by both parties.
She reluctantly accepted the loss-damage waiver.
Jack Geiss 2-Man Team Old Warson Country Club April 15
She said Kucinich was among a group of legislators who helped keep a Hugo Boss men's suit factory in Brooklyn open after the company announced its closure, and that he was instrumental in keeping Cleveland's ArcelorMittal steel plant from closing.
Brett-Pierce and her mother, Loretta Brett, are charged with murder in the death of Marchella (mar-CHELL'-uh) in September of 2010. She weighed half what a child her age should, and had bruises and cuts on her body.
Albert just started his sessions less than three weeks ago, so Ina isn't surprised she hasn't noticed any major differences in his behavior or memory yet. But Martinez said Albert already has both increased his exercise bike sessions from one to 12 minutes, and upped his scores on the brain training program.
The second-seeded Hawks relied on past experiences when staring at the three-goal deficit.
Fraser raised $382,441 and spent $327,061 thus far. She received donations from the political action committee of area homebuilders and several skilled trades unions. The campaign committees of State Sens. Victor Callahan, D-Independence, and Jolie Justus, D-Kansas City, also made donations.
A jury found a 39-year-old Leavenworth man guilty Monday of attempting to break into a home rather than shoveling newly fallen snow.
"We later denounced him when it was clear he was a communist dictator," Blloshimi said.
The Hillsboro City Council is asking voters to renew a local option levy that would bring in about $84 million over the next five years. The tax would continue the current rate of $1.72 per $1,000 of assessed value, or $344 annually on a house with an assessed value of $200,000, and would bolster police, fire and other emergency services, and parks.
In a nonstick skillet over medium-high, heat oil. Add chicken and cook until well browned, 3-4 minutes per side. Transfer to a clean plate.
Fania said it is believed that the suspect drove into the church parking lot and opened fire after an unknown earlier dispute.
Former Alicia Keys backup singer Jermaine Paul crooned "Against All Odds" by Phil Collins. Christina told him he was her favorite from Blake's team and a "phenomenal singer." CeeLo called Jermaine "one of the strong contenders," and Adam said he had "great tone." Blake said the performance represented Jermaine's "superstar" turning point.
It was like treasure to Jeff Mason and his brother James, who hauled the rock up a hill and saved it for more than 50 years. When James died a couple of years ago, Jeff made sure to retrieve the rock from his brother’s home and he recently discovered that they hadn’t stumbled on just any old rock.
The wait for the arrest was very difficult, said Barnes' uncle, Harry Watson, who attended Thursday's news conference.
Some of the nastiest comments about illegal immigrants sometimes come from the mouths of Hispanics. They rarely do it on camera, but they do it. Yet their discontent isn’t hateful enough to buy into the crazy rhetoric of some anti-immigrant candidates. They know better. They just find it convenient or emotionally more palatable to forget their own family histories.
"Whether we change our policies this time or the next time, they are going to change," she said. "Understanding and acceptance is growing across the world and across the church."
Action Bronson (12:25 p.m., Treehouse)
In California, where Brindis lives, insurers tried to jack rates by as much as 59 percent this year before state officials stepped in to try to stop them.
On Monday, Kemp was named the NL player of the week for the second consecutive week. He also won it for the final week of 2011, so he became the first player to win the honor for three consecutive weeks.
Republican Rep. Heather Wilson faces popular state Attorney General Patricia Madrid in this Albuquerque-area district that leans Democratic in a contest that will be the focus of national attention. Wilson, who has beaten well-financed, well-known Democratic challengers for years, has tried to separate herself from the Republican leadership and, for example, was one of the first in the House GOP caucus to criticize Bush's Social Security plan in 2005.
Stars of the show who have confirmed that they will attend are Caroline Manzo, Jacqueline Laurita, Chris Laurita, Albie Manzo, Chris Manzo, Lauren Manzo, and Greg Bennett. The Manzo brothers and Bennett live in Hoboken.
Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez, who spoke to Hudson after the verdict, said the star was visibly relieved. She said Hudson had been determined to attended every day of the trial out of a sense of obligation to her mother.
"How can you unfold a human narrative just from the crease of your finger?" Holly Johnston wondered. As artistic director of the Los Angeles contemporary dance company Ledges and Bones, she pursues the answer through primal, vulnerable dance that grabs for your soul.
"They've done it in a very professional manner," he said in a phone interview Thursday night. .
An $18 million renovation upgraded the 1923 building while keeping its historical character. New peach-colored low-emission tiles and water heaters keep the building energy efficient.
The public offering will give Millennial the capital that company executives say it needs to expand globally and market to publishers and app developers. It is the first Baltimore-based company in several years to go public.
<U+0093>They deserve it,<U+0094> Neinas said as he walked toward the arena's tunnel.
Chief Executive Les Moonves guaranteed investors that the
In the 100 freestyle. Spencer outreached Howell Central's Alison Strickler to win in 54.04 seconds to Strickler's 54.06.
(26) Rangeview (11-4-1) at (10) Regis Jesuit (11-2-3), 7 p.m.
Sarah Billingsley-Walker died March 12, the victim of a homicide. Her former boyfriend, Leonard Johnson, was charged with first-degree murder.
Vegetarian friendly? A number of salads and an entree
"She did have knee surgery, but she's coming back recovered and stronger than ever," Thompkins said.
Info: (805) 688-6411, http://www.alisal.com. Doubles from $495. Breakfast and dinner included. Ask about the Mother/Daughter Roundup or the Cowgirl Bootcamp packages.
The Rams are trying to get Miller coached up enough to make the game-day roster Sunday against Arizona. Those two weeks of practice time in October help. Otherwise, the Rams could be down to Gibson, Brandon Lloyd and Austin Pettis.
Inigo Cervantes, Spain, def. Igor Andreev, Russia, 6–4, 3–6, 6–3. Ivan Navarro, Spain, def. Daniel Gimeno–Traver, Spain, 7–6 (5), 6–2. Daniel Munoz de la Nava, Spain, def. Javier Marti, Spain, 7–5, 6–3. Rui Machado, Portugal, def. Pedro Sousa, Portugal, 6–7 (3), 6–1, 6–2. Bjorn Phau, Germany, def. Frederico Gil, Portugal, 6–4, 6–2. Albert Montanes (7), Spain, def. Matthew Ebden, Australia, 6–2, 6–3. Flavio Cipolla (8), Italy, def. Diego Junqueira, Argentina, 6–1, 6–4. Joao Sousa, Portugal, def. Gastao Elias, Portugal, 5–7, 6–4, 6–2.
Past the bouncers outside, past the suddenly slammed ticket booth and that black-and-white linoleum near the entrance, Ultra and Washington D.C.-based DJ Chris Burns took turns behind the turntables at the club's main room, priming the crowd for Vega.
The tax revenue, which goes almost entirely to local units of government, would apparently be replaced only to the extent it exceeds the 2% and 1% thresholds of local operating budgets. According to one estimate, that equates to replacing only about 81% of the revenue that municipalities would have to forgo.
The district now contains more registered Democrats than Republicans and is considered one of the places where Democrats would have to prevail in November if they are to retake control of the House.
“It just comes down to the haves and the have-nots,” said Elliot Debella, a long-time professor of psychology and education at Kean University. “I started making $5,800 in 1973. No one complained about our salaries then.”
A limited number of the 250 spots are remaining for the three-hour skills clinic during which boys and girls ages 8 -18, will be able to get pitching lessons in the bullpen, go through hitting drills on the warning track, perform fielding drills in the outfield and meet the pros.
"Trying to grasp the enormity of it is extremely hard to do," added the Chandler resident, who returned last week after a week of administering to the sick and wounded in the earthquake-stricken country.
Cox, executive director of Friends of the Forest Preserves, said that officials must ensure the camping environment is maintained for those who want to get back to nature and not simply looking for a place to party.
Nonetheless, Varner said the Strickland administration is moving forward with its plan to vote on the $25 million next week despite the Republican cries to slow down the process. He countered that Republicans are injecting partisan politics into the equation by getting upset about language they agreed upon. "To delay this $25 million would be to delay the creation of jobs and economic opportunity," Varner said. "The data collected in favor of this project is very solid and very compelling."
Blues forward Scott Nichol is a veteran of 43 playoff games, including 30 with San Jose. He wonders whether the texture of this postseason has become more vicious, or whether the spotlight has become more discriminating.
Another reason Melissa hasn’t refinanced is that she’s considering a move, but Duerr says she may not find what she wants in her price range of $300,000.
Now we come into Paul's real season.
-- Thrice/Manchester Orchestra (co-bill), O'Brother, 7:30 p.m. April 23, $18.50-$22.
Dugard talked to Sawyer on a couch and on a porch at her California home. The blond hair she had in now-familiar photographs from her childhood is now reddish-brown, and she wore a red sweater and a necklace with a pinecone charm on it, representing the last thing she touched before her 18-year captivity.
"The world sugar market is distorted by government involvement in almost every country," he said. "It's not realistic to pretend there is a free market out there."
Liberty Academy Charter School Board of Trustees, June 27, Cafeteria, 211 Sherman Ave., Jersey City, 6 p.m.
6219 Creston Av, $15,000
Next I tried the RZT-S, the model with the steering wheel ($2,699 to $3,199). It turned smoothly, and it was easy for me to judge how much clearing distance to give the cones. All the cones were still upright and in place at the end of two laps.
The Devils weren’t interested in any public declarations of preference during their muted post-game locker room roundup, but they know as much as we do how much heat this hometown series would generate.
On Friday, the jury found him guilty of the latter two charges, and guilty of second-degree murder for the mother and involuntary manslaughter for the child. Assistant Circuit Attorney Christine Krug declined to comment afterward on the verdict.
Fake IDs were apparently Wade's stock-in-trade. He sold fake driver's licenses and identification cards to his fellow students and was carrying one in the name of "Frank Agnello Gotti," a name quite similar to the TV star and grandson of Gambino crime boss John Gotti, when he was arrested, according to the bail report.
"The scenery is amazing," Keflezighi says. "Sometimes you just say 'wow.'"
"Go on, babe," she told the next person in line. "And good luck!"
Justin Siller WR Purdue
$2,500,000 Construction of Multi-Jurisdictional Maintenance Facility, Toledo -- Kaptur
Instead of settling for a stroll on predictable Carmel Beach at the foot of Ocean Avenue, you turn left on Scenic Road and follow it out to the fluttering shorebirds and shifting sands of Carmel River State Beach.
"This housing crash is different than any one the country has experienced before," said Arizona economist Lee McPheters. "Some people who would be considered the middle of the middle class have lost homes to foreclosure."
Addai will be a valuable resource for a young group of backs that features second-year players Stevan Ridley and Shane Vereen, and fifth-year pro Danny Woodhead.
With irises, you first lift a cluster of them from the ground with a spade or, better yet, a garden fork. Then, carefully work apart several of the fat rhizomes and their roots. Replant them elsewhere, being careful not to put them more than an inch or so under the dirt. (Irises won't bloom if you plant them too deeply.)
San Diego was one of the first major cities to strike a deal with farmers to lease water made available when the farmers took land out of production. Now, other cities see that as an option.
Now, a season of grinding out victories to get home court in the first round has been wasted.
Delgado lives with her family: her mom and dad; a younger brother who left home but returned and is now enrolled in an alternative school; and a 10-year-old sister for whom Delgado hopes to set an example. An older sister dropped out of school, married and moved to Texas, where she's raising three children.
Concordia and the CCC are in negotiations with several sporting goods and apparel companies to sponsor the meet.
“The fact of the matter is that I told Ed Kelly we are not a Toro commercial dealer and that it would take some time for us to get to them,” Docherty said two days after the meeting. “Ed said the mowers had been laying around for about a year and hadn’t been taken care of, but he wanted us to take a look at them. We repaired them and I never heard any complaints. I don’t feel anybody should give me business just because I am in the city — I have to earn that business. But I am very disappointed with how the city handled this situation.”
Preparing for the infrequent attendees and visitors is just as important as getting them in the door, the pastors said.
Carr, of Nutley, has been commuting to work on his Cannondale touring bike, rain or shine, for 16 years.
Ireland's third distillery, Cooley, is north of Dublin. It boasted of being Ireland's only independent distillery, but was recently purchased by Jim Beam.
President, Brain Injury Association of Michigan
ATF agents had placed a secret pole camera outside his Phoenix home to track his movements, and separately the DEA was operating a "wire room" to monitor live wiretap intercepts to follow him.
Sponsors also include Adventure Without Limits, Clackamas River Providers, eNRG Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board, Outward Bound, REI, SOLV, and the Schwabe, Williamson and Wyatt law firm.
After a shopping center proposal stalled there in 1990, Hamilton Brown said she pushed for a mixed-use development including upscale townhouses. When President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore used the site in 1993 as a backdrop for a policy speech, Hamilton Brown introduced Gore as her mother beamed in the audience.
Frank Oldershaw is a member, and soon Holdsworth suspects that Frank's madness may hide a more earthly, rational explanation for why, on a mostly male campus (except for Elinor and a few female servants), a dead woman's apparition might have been seen.
Mitt Romney's position on same-sex couples has evolved as well. In 1994, when he was a candidate for U.S. Senate in Massachusetts, Romney told the gay Log Cabin Republicans that he supported "full equality" for homosexuals. Last week, he sang a different tune when he voiced his opposition to "civil unions" that have "identical" rights as traditional marriage.
The nine others who received the letters are: Livia Calderoni, Lavonda Jackson, Lisa Laginess, Keith Lee, Carla Sledge, Clarence McNeal, Edith Killins, Matthew Schenk and former deputy county executive Azzam Elder.
Cahokia Police Department Capt. James Jones said officers of the county probation department and the U.S. Marshal's Service were making a probation check at the couple's residence in the 2800 block of Calvin Boulevard on Feb. 24 when they heard noises coming from the closet, then found a boy and girl, both 5, in the closet.
Summit: South Dakota State (27-7)
And Alnutt said it's worth it for several reasons, including that Mizzou expects to easily recoup that amount. Tim Hickman, the MU associate AD for operations, said MU averages a game-day net of $2.2 million.
In a finale fit for a sequel to their big-screen debut, the birds' beloved Monterey cypresses appear close to being spared from the ax.
Michael Meserole, Liberty Ranch 20.6
The town was once a bustling mining and railroad town, which survived on water freighted in by the Southern Pacific and had competing bordellos.
But Griffin's attorney, Leon Weiss, when asked whether Grundy came up with the fraud scheme, said: "Certainly my client wasn't aware of these programs with Wayne County."
More signings are among recent signs of a slight pick-up in the housing market.
The students Wednesday were well-briefed on the goal of providing tablets for the poor, although most in attendance already had access to computers at home or in their schools.
The Enterprise, named for the spaceship in “Star Trek,” was originally set to make its New York debut on Monday but gloomy weather delayed its departure from Washington twice.
The partnership between Delaware and New Jersey operates the bridge, the ferry, five airports, the Three Forts Ferry Crossing and a New Jersey business park. Both Delaware and New Jersey governors have the power to veto spending.
Also on Thursday, the 49ers re-signed wide receiver and return man Ted Ginn to a one-year contract.
He looked cold and admitted the same.
Fortunately for the Ducks, they have a history of getting that done against the Washington schools; last season, Oregon's only home sweep in conference play came against Washington State (69-43) and Washington (81-76). Until a few weeks ago, when the Ducks beat USC and UCLA in Eugene, UW and WSU were the only schools Oregon had swept in its new building.
Reactions poured in from across the sport, some in the form of statements and some on social media. Ex-teammates, like fellow former linebacker Jason Taylor talked of Seau's personality on an off the field.
"It should have been the worst run of defaults we've ever seen, but instead it ended up being the shortest," Mikkelsen said.
Centimano's name surfaced in the original Jordan murder investigation in summer 1972, two years after the death of the civil rights leader, state legislator and co-founder of the black political club Freedom Inc.
Is Rose just a tad bit too much of a billboard for the progressive times she's supposed to embody? (She's bringing home a Picasso from a trip to France, and she's a follower of an Austrian fellow named Freud.) Is Billy Zane missing only a waxed mustache to twirl as her shallow and controlling fiance, Cal Hockley? Does Winslet <U+0096> one year younger than DiCaprio <U+0096> still possess a womanly maturity that makes Rose's dependence on Jack hard to believe?
Churn among the more lucrative postpaid users, who spend more each month, was 1.18 percent, compared with 1.15 percent in last year’s fourth quarter.
Calling it the "largest, most powerful rocket built," NASA's exploration and operations chief, William Gerstenmaier, said the rocket will be tough to construct. But when NASA does it, "we'll have a capability to go beyond low-Earth orbit like no other nation does here on Earth," he said in a telephone briefing Wednesday.
composite index rose 21.96, or 1 percent, to 2,303.03.
LB: Rodney Hardrick, Isaac Ava
One of blip's most popular shows is Rosie O'Donnell's R Blog, started earlier this year, a series of home movies, video blogs and photo essays featuring O'Donnell and her family. O'Donnell, through her TV shows and her website, Rosie.com, has taken interacting with her public to new levels, frequently answering reader e-mails, appearing without makeup and posting footage from her home life that, while not always deeply revealing, is more personal than most celebrities are willing to get.
Why it lost money: Kathryn Bigelow’s dystopian epic has a passive Ralph Fiennes, an aggressive Angela Bassett, kinky sex and racist cops. None of which, apart from the sex, really appeals to mainstream sci-fi fans.
His horoscope isn't that off base in one respect: He is really good at organizing parties.
The problems on Monday were widespread: The franchise pillars -- Brandon Roy and LaMarcus Aldridge -- took turns recording scoreless halves, Roy in the first and Aldridge in the second.
“This is not a guy that was a first-round pick. This is not a guy that was atop everyone’s draft boards,” Red Sox GM Ben Cherington said. “He was a talented kid that has a great work ethic and is a smart kid that’s athletic and worked really hard to improve in all aspects of his game consistently over his time in the minor leagues. To see where he came from as a high school kid and a kid who was actually more of a football player in high school, hadn’t played a lot of baseball until now, it’s a big credit to our scouting and developers.”
agreed to pay the maximum fine allowed under law for a single case -- $16.4 million -- for failing to promptly alert U.S. regulators to safety problems over sticking accelerator pedals. Under federal law, automakers must notify the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration within five days of determining that a safety defect exists and promptly conduct a recall.
The four women recently added to the case are also due to appear alongside the original 12 defendants in federal court in Cleveland on Thursday afternoon.
But behind the scenes that May night, the fight was already over. Christie would keep Republicans unified against the tax, and Sweeney could not force it into the budget.
A secondary romance blossoms between Gossett's avuncular Sam, a doctor overwhelmed with delivering babies, and Delia (Leilani Rosine Drakeford), the neighbor across the hall. Stiff, virginal and shy at first, but loosening up nicely, Delia is crusading for Harlem to have a family planning clinic, a clever plot device that allows Cleage to weave in material about Margaret Sanger, birth control and the early career of Adam Clayton Powell Jr. - as well as neighborhood resistance to birth control as a white plot to reduce the black population.
Suns on a treadmill with sights set on golf season in late April.
RUFUS WAINWRIGHT
At a public forum at the Idea Center at Playhouse Square, State Sen. Nina Turner said she feared the governor was "balancing the budget on the backs of employees" and would impair the government's ability to provide services.
"We lose about 1,500 World War II veterans every day," Johnson said. "They can't tell their stories but we can."
"Some people don't want to be alone. Some women are scared to go home until their husbands get there. Then you have some that don't want to leave their house," Bryan said. "I have husbands coming in here telling me, 'My wife made me put the gun beside the bed last night.' "
in Cass County
"It's sort of like rock music, but there are a lot of synths added. Probably we add a little more experimentation than the average radio pop song would have. We're just trying to be as catchy as possible."
Republicans in Congress are calling the demonstration program a political ploy to mask the effect of the original cuts to Medicare Advantage. Administration officials deny the charge, but also say the demonstration program will continue and will quickly improve health care for those who use Medicare Advantage.
In my lovely old neighborhood of Lauraville, a diseased but still viable tree broke in half and took down a BG&E utility pole, plunging the neighborhood into darkness for a week.
Alicia Keys: The R&B musician charted roughly 20 times on the Billboard chart and has three No. 1 hits.
A couple of Rehoboth's long-time establishments have been there 50 years. One is Funland, the amusement park, and also Grottos Pizza, which first opened in 1960. Funland's a magnet for kids, and includes rides for younger children too. Their ride tickets won't cost you your first-born child, but if you go during the summer season, take plenty of quarters for the meters.
7. Philadelphia (6) - Another controversial penalty kick call goes against Union in 2-1 loss to Columbus.
"He seemed like a nice boy," said Mullet.
If you want your information even faster, we have our ways. We're on Facebook – just enter “Orange County Register Travel” in the search at the top of Facebook and you'll find our “fan page,” with breaking news and scoops. Or follow Travel Editor Gary A. Warner on Twitter at @RegisterTravel.
Northeast Ohio Drum and Music Jam 9 p.m. Thursday. (ballroom). Free.
On my way to the Barbary, which was hosting the Queens-born singer/producer Party Supplies, I passed by a packed Johnny Brenda's and a bar named Barcade, which gets its name from the scores of arcade machines inside. But by the time I got to the Barbary, an authentic shoebox of a bar, it was overflowing with people, they way it is every time I've been to Philadelphia.
"To me, this rally has been more a recognition that maybe the end of the world is not at hand," said Philip S. Dow, managing director of equity strategy at RBC Wealth Management.
DK: I mean, is there … You have to understand why it's confusing to us that you, in our log of emails, you are completely absent.
"The result wasn't very good, but I feel like I'm making better pitches than last time," Liriano said. "I feel more consistent throwing strikes and I think things are getting better. I made a few adjustments - but I also made a few mistakes."
Hundreds of times in the next two weeks, the filing says, the program did its job each time it was turned on: A tiny camera atop the laptop snapped a photo, software inside copied the laptop screen image, and a locating device recorded the Internet address - something that could help district technicians pinpoint where the machine was.
It was dark when I awoke with a great feeling of having slept, and my head was clear — until I remembered my baby wasn't with me. Guilt, fear, enormous feelings of inadequacy and irresponsibility came on quick, and I raced across the street. That wonderful woman told me my baby girl had just awakened and was in a great mood.
Now, Hansen is among five Republican senators targeted for pressure by the conservative group Americans for Prosperity Michigan, which wants Hansen to help stop a planned, state-sponsored Detroit River bridge that would draw business from Moroun's bridge.
A MetroHealth spokeswoman said the hospital has made "no space or time commitment."
Because of that, many patients who can't afford the pills have no option but to accept a treatment that's not necessarily their doctor's first choice.
"They gave us a first hard count and we stayed onsides," Taylor said. "The second time, I jumped."
The conspirators seemed to welcome Rocky into their ranks as a kind of mascot, and immediately formed a subcommittee to teach him to say, "Vote for Hunt" and "Recall Carona," although I personally believe this is a futile effort, since in two years, John has been unable to persuade him to repeat "Vote for John" or "Buy Something or Get Out."
Mayor Richard Mola told Fox 5 in New York that if the building's owner, John Quinn, wants to keep the mural, he will have to obtain a permit from the town.
Brought to Germany four decades ago, the döner is to Berlin what pizza is to New York: a transplanted food that has taken on a new life in its adopted land. Today, there are more döner stands in Berlin than in Istanbul. And about 720 million servings are sold nationally each year according to an industry association.
It doesn't take opening a separate ER to improve older patients' care, says New Jersey's Rosenberg, who calls better overall geriatric awareness and training the real key. Still, he says his center saw a 15 percent rise in patients last year.
And leading the race is Ho Chi Minh City, bulging with more than 7 million residents in its metropolitan area and 4 million motorbikes. The commercial capital of the nation is also Vietnam's most populous city, packed with young adults who came from the countryside looking for work. They can expect to earn an average annual income of $1,800; elsewhere in the nation, it's less than $700.
Doesn’t this sound awfully familiar?
1674 TRUMAN DR $165,000
The district's 2008-09 school budget totaled $253.2 million.In 2009-10, it was down to close to $240 million. In the 2010-11 school year, the budget was $232.27 million.This school year, the budget remained almost steady at $232.25 million.
After serving in the military for five years, including two tours in Iraq, Palma had returned home and graduated from Cal State Fullerton with a political-science degree.
* Dennis Barton, 61, of Newcombtown Road, was arrested Saturday and charged with resisting arrest/eluding.
Not that the BCS hasn't served a purpose. The minor-league football championship (aka, the BCS Championship Game) is not played under NCAA auspices, but under those of the BCS. The BCS was a necessary first step in secession.
Things looked so promising for Tommy Dempsey’s team after they stunned No. 19 Mississippi State on the road to open last year. Then the bottom fell out. Dempsey’s plan to load up the schedule for his senior-laden team backfired and the Broncs were treading water for the rest of the season.
B.A.T. is hosting indoor scrimmages. For details and game time email brunswickbatcage@aol.com or call 330-273-9559.
The depictions, whether through irony or protest, are being used by those who oppose and support Arizona's law. On one hand she's a likable symbol who many can relate to, and at the same time, perceived as an outsider who doesn't belong anywhere.
In Bismarck, N.D., where the Missouri River was at a flood stage of 16 feet on Saturday, Mayor John Warford said rain and increased water releases from the Garrison Dam had altered flooding models for the region, but he doesn't know how much.
A chunk went to building a flagstone path in the backyard. It wasn't a necessity, but the path that the "Extreme Makeover" crew put in had eroded, and flagstone seemed the best option, despite its expense. Another chunk went to replacing floors warped by a flooded toilet. The family also put wood floors in the garage in an ill-fated attempt to convert it to a playroom. The Okvaths discovered later there was no way to install the additional AC needed because they had maxed out the home's electrical capacity.
From the exterior, the 14-year-old Chinese restaurant looks like any other nondescript storefront, but dig a little deeper to find one of the most unique - and worthwhile - restaurants in the city.
All tickets for the Barstool Blackout Tour will be refunded, said Katie Schroeder, who works with Rubenstein Communications Inc., handling public relations for Wellmont Theatre.
ø"I thought it was a perfect game for us. I liked the way it unfolded," said Ferris State's Bob Daniels, the national coach of the year. "Coming out of the first period when it was 2-1, I felt pretty good. I felt as though, okay, we can play with these guys.
Northeast Ohio home: Cleveland's Little Italy neighborhood.
So administration officials decided in 2003 to attack by unconventional means. They created the Illicit Activities Initiative, a classified, multi-agency effort aimed at curbing North Korea's black-market networks.
Lines of people snaked around 43 booths, which included businesses and community groups.
County representatives will be on hand to answer questions regarding the government’s current and historic information on their properties.
Barkey said he has volunteered at Five Acres for 10 years because he loves animals.
UNC women's basketball coach Sylvia Hatchell dug through her closet Tuesday to find a small USA Basketball pin that Walker had given her. She wore it on her lapel.
"The argument that they aren't doing violence is complete bull-," said Buck Bagot, an organizer with Occupy Bernal in San Francisco. "They say the real violence is from the system, and that's true. But that doesn't mean that what they do is right.
But on Thursday night, against a lineup known to feast on left-handed pitching, Matusz recorded his first quality start since the final week of the 2010 season and the Orioles hit a pair of pivotal eighth-inning homers as they completed a three-game sweep of the Blue Jays with a 5-2 win at Camden Yards in front of an announced 13,725.
But as John Farrell reminds us in his biography of a titanic American personality, Darrow was no left-wing saint. He was always in need of money and agreed to defend gangsters, bootleggers and crooked politicians for large fees. During his single term in the Illinois state legislature he fought for municipal control of streetcars and other utilities, then turned around and represented two Chicago streetcar companies as a lawyer. Although he was acquitted of bribing jurors during James B. and John J. McNamara's trial for bombing the Los Angeles Times building in 1910, Farrell judges that Darrow was "almost assuredly" guilty — and that wouldn't have been the first time.
Giffords' progress was evident Wednesday as she stood on her feet with assistance from medical staff. Her husband described the moment as a big step.
After the six-month anniversary of the terrorist attack on America, the Ryooks returned to New York to meet with other Korean-American parents, most of them from the city, who had lost children in the World Trade Center.
Braves 10, Reds 9
The prosecution has said it has evidence the defendants were armed and ready to do great harm; the defense has argued that the defendants were engaged in tough talk but never had any real plans to harm anyone.
Republicans say they’re looking at ways to prevent that increase from going into effect too, but in a way that won’t add to the deficit. They think Obama was distorting the problem a bit when he asked the Chapel Hill students, “Can anybody here afford to pay an extra $1,000 right now?”
“No matter what you go through, you should always stay focused on your goals,” he said of his music’s themes. “For those who have made the wrong choices, it is possible to turn things around.
Circle it: A good case could be made that the Ravens’ biggest game of the season is always against Pittsburgh, but my guess this year is that the most-anticipated game of the regular season will take place Week 3 against the Patriots. After having months to stew over that heart-breaking loss at Gillette Stadium in an AFC championship game where they felt like they were the better team, the Ravens have an early opportunity to get a little revenge. And I’d have to imagine Tom Brady and Company will be entering a pretty raucous environment in Baltimore.
In addition to the district's new code of conduct, Chapman said she and her team of administrators will continue to review their school policies.
Putin took power this week, returning after four years to a post he had previously held for two terms. He made sharp criticism of the United States a central theme in his election, but it is not clear whether he will pull back from Medvedev's efforts at cooperation with the U.S. in several areas.
In rare cases, Cassidy said, bedbugs might warrant employee disability claims if someone is bitten at work. Even if no one is bitten, morale tends to drop after an infestation, he said. Some employees get labeled as "dirty" if their peers suspect they’re responsible for the bedbugs, Cassidy said.
The help will come in three ways.
There really does come a time when an organization gets so thoroughly mired in rules and bureaucracy that it can no longer do the things it was established to do.
Inside: Review of Pasion in San Francisco. Plus, The Inside Scoop. E3
This city isn’t broke. It just wants people to think that. Stand up and fight Kansas City.
In decades past, the ratio of buy ratings to sell ratings had not been this lopsided, and in theory it should be roughly 50-50. That seems right, doesn't it? Some stocks go up, some go down, because of the overall market direction or competitive threats or issues specific to each company. In the late 1990s, though, the ratio was 100 buys or more for every sell. Merrill Lynch had buy ratings on 940 stocks and sell ratings on just 7. Salomon Smith Barney: 856 buy ratings, 4 sells. Morgan Stanley Dean Witter: 670 buys and exactly 0 sells.
"That was a case of everyone doing their task knowing that everyone else on the boat was doing theirs," said Burnham. "There was no panic, no shouting. It was precision teamwork."
It’s not like the Jets have to worry about bringing the circus to town if they add Tim Tebow. They’ll continue to be Ringling Bros., Barnum and Woody with or without the guy.
Actually, all but a couple of the names have been known for some time on what is a 20-member coaching staff. The only two new names are assistant special teams coach Paul Boudreau Jr. - the son of offensive line coach Paul Boudreau Sr. - and assistant linebackers coach Joe Bowden, who spent eight seasons playing linebacker for Fisher in Houston/Tennessee.
BROWN'S MENTOR
(05-11) 02:18 PDT SINGAPORE, (AP) --
‘‘Nope, batteries,'' he said.
The National Football League Players Association has already warned Saints players of the potential for criminal charges as a result of the bounty program that paid players for injuring specified opponents, and the union has also provided those players with outside counsel in anticipation of pointed questions. More recently, Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy, an eyewitness to Torres' devastating hit on Blackhawks' star Marian Hossa last Tuesday, called it "borderline criminal conduct" in an interview with the Chicago Sun-Times.
1 Natasha Ruddock Texas A&M
The reports come a day after Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said the economy is steadily recovering, but is slowed down by persistent unemployment. Bernanke said the Fed can't take further steps to try to reduce unemployment without risking higher inflation.
3:53 p.m.: Sweeney: "At least he's talking compromise. That's a big step."
by the Bush administration for political purposes and required the agency to reconsider its 2006 denial of approval of Plan B One-Step for use without prescriptions or age restrictions. The case, Tummino v. Torti, is scheduled for a court hearing on Tuesday.
Sometimes, too, businesses resist calls to change their pickup times. City complaint records include residents who say they've repeatedly spoken with both neighboring businesses and hauling companies, to no avail.
"While money is important, there are other reasons that make teachers want to stay in their jobs," Greene said. "If teachers feel confident in the leadership at their school, they're likely to stay."
Paterson had planned to honor Cruz with a ticker-tape parade and a key to the city on Feb. 12, only a week after the Giants defeated the New England Patriots, 21-17, in Indianapolis. But Cruz’s renown as football star and dance celebrity proved that celebration’s undoing as he had a scheduling conflict that night.
Plaintiffs in the case, a coalition of environmental groups headed by the Tucson-based Center for Biological Diversity, had sought a summary judgment claiming that the course's water pumping activities are harming the threatened California red-legged frog.
Bales told neighbors little about his brigade’s three tours of duty to Iraq. But in a 2009 article published in Fort Lewis’ Northwest Guardian, Bales told the interviewer about finding many dead and wounded when his unit was sent to recover a downed Apache helicopter in Iraq.
Yes, the reruns and reality shows remain summer staples. Yes, some of cable's finest dramas, from AMC's "Mad Men" to Showtime's "Dexter," will return in the fall and winter months. And, yes, not all of the scripted summer series are as good as "Breaking Bad" and "Rescue Me."
"It was the NRA taking a stealthy fight to the states," Mark Glaze, the director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns, told me in an interview, "and 25 flowers bloomed."
The president's vision faces opposition in Congress. Guardians of Constellation say Obama wants to sack manned space flight in favor of a plan that does not have a clear space destination.
But despite the Da Vinci's popularity, its surgical talents may not surpass those of flesh-and-blood physicians.
On the sixth day of a fragile cease-fire that antiregime activists say Damascus continued to flout on Tuesday, Mr. Juppé told a gathering of more than 50 countries that sanctions have deprived Syria of export revenue and forced it to tap into its financial reserves.
Stephen Stirling is a Star-Ledger staff writer and a New Jersey weather fanatic. He welcomes suggestions for weather-related stories, issues and topics. Drop him a note at sstirling@starledger.com or follow him on Twitter for live updates.
“Five seconds further down the highway, it would have landed right on top of us,” said Faafse, 52, who was riding with his wife and teenage daughter.
"Go Bucks, Jim Tressel," the coach wrote again and again on whatever was thrust toward him.
He said sometimes they were used by crafty saloon owners, who would sell drinks for 12 1/2 cents. People would buy a drink for a quarter and get a token back instead of any change. If the customer ended up losing the token, Falcone said, that was even better.
The area is in the southern end of the base, with about 1,200 to 1,500 people working there, he said.
D'Agostini, who had nine goals in the regular season, scored the Blues' second goal in Monday's 5-2 loss.
"I'm not going to rush back and have the same issue crop back up," said Britton, who has been dealing with the inflammation off and on since August. "It's just a process that I've got to take. I'm frustrated with it, but if it's going to help me pitch and have a long career, that's the most important thing. Not necessarily being ready to pitch in April."
David Weprin, the Democratic candidate and a current state assemblyman, led Turner by 6 percentage points just last month, according to a poll by Siena Research Institute in Loudounville, N.Y. Siena released a new poll on Friday that showed Turner with a 6 percentage point lead.
"Their own data does not support their conclusion," Lin said in appellate court in Trenton.
"I'm like the Star Trek Enterprise," he says, a line that needed fixing. "I take these women places where they ain't never been before."
Which brings us to this week's subject, plant sales, which is one of Marcia's favorite things about spring, because, let's be honest, a column about baseball and allergies would be a rather awkward fit in Homes & Gardens, right?
A spokesman for the U.S. Department of Education could not be reached to explain why an organization associated with Tikun Olam received the federal funds.
The popular Lorain lab is undergoing a major expansion to accommodate more users. At the MC² fab lab, students gladly stay as late as 7 p.m. on Wednesdays, the lab's extended-hours day, to work on projects.
øWhat I do know for sure is that Lidstrom's retirement would be a major loss for the Red Wings and for the NHL. You saw how shaky the Red Wings' defensive play was when he was out this year.
A lot of folks all around the state will be watching on Thursday night when they go at it again - finally! - in Boston.
Palisade 35, Evergreen 27
On Thursday a panel of FDA advisers will consider the review when it votes on whether Truvada should be approved as a preventative treatment for people who are at high risk of contracting HIV through sexual intercourse. The FDA is not required to follow the advice of its panels, but it usually does.
Jennifer Siebel Newsom attends hundreds of community and philanthropic events a year and is one of the city's most-photographed women. Although her elegant, minimalist style is well documented, she doesn't consider herself a fashionista. "It's not my purpose and passion in life," she says.
- Emboldened by handsome returns from those ubiquitous fees, some airlines will consider charging for air-sickness bags, carry-on luggage and even use of the bathrooms during flight.
In fact, Gerstein's approach proved more revealing the further it got from explicitly dance-related activities. Schumann's "Carnaval," which occupied the second half of the program, moves in and out of the dance world, and it elicited Gerstein's strongest playing of the afternoon.
For many people, the late creator of "Peanuts" got it right. So did the unknown philosopher who came up with this: "If you can look at a dog and not feel vicarious excitement and affection, you must be a cat."
"And mainly, there's not an intimidation factor. Nobody fears Orlando without Dwight Howard. Some might even say they wouldn't be there without Dwight Howard. So I would definitely say that Indiana has the upper hand."
For the past 2 1/2 years, Pouch has seen the boys twice a month, during supervised visits at a neutral house in Olympia. "There's no reason anybody should have to go through this," Pouch said. "Why aren't they here, chasing snakes like they like to do?"
The Standard & Poor<U+0092>s 500 index dropped 18 points to 1,351. The NASDAQ composite average lost 47 to 2,910.
Pratt & Whitney's purchase of Rolls-Royce from a joint venture that makes engines for the Airbus A320 will boost engine deliveries from 5,000 in 2011 to 8,000 in 2018. The higher engine sales also are expected to establish a "very lucrative aftermarket" that will continue to grow through the end of the decade, he said.
"From a Dad standpoint, we haven't even spoken about football," Ronnie Bryant said. "I'm just worried about the well-being of my child."
Seven is a symbolic number that is supposed to bring good luck. It could refer to the seven deadly sins, the seven virtues, the seven sacraments, the seven days of the week or the number of days it took God to create the earth. Some families celebrate with nine dishes representing the Holy Trinity times three, while others serve 13 courses, representing Jesus and the 12 apostles.
The companies expect the deal, which is subject to antitrust and regulatory review, to close by the end of the year.
A fare increase is scheduled to be approved on April 14 and go into effect on May 1. Over the weekend, after the last of a dozen public hearings to gauge customer feedback, NJ Transit executive director Jim Weinstein told The Star-Ledger that a 25-percent fare hike would be an "extraordinary burden" and was likely to lowered, particularly for the disabled and elderly.
They come for the humblest of plumbing products, the brass shower stem.
Founded in 1969, Alpha itself was purchased three months ago by
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Want a chance to play nine holes with Tiger Woods after being outfitted with a set of Nike clubs and golf apparel from head-to-toe?
The form of the disease detected "is a very rare form not associated with an animal consuming infected feed," said Ross, of the California Department of Food and Agriculture.
For the time being, the governor's letter said, the Oregon State Police will begin accepting cards issued by the Mexican government as a valid form of ID during traffic stops and other instances.
Miller, who weighs 180 pounds, is in his third season out of Southern Utah. He played in nine games last season for Oakland, catching three passes for 40 yards, averaging 18.5 yards on two kickoff returns and 7.3 yards on 35 punts. He appeared in the first two games of the season for the Raiders, returning four kickoffs for an average of 15.3 yards and two punts for 9.5 yards each. He was cut Oct. 2.
Mayor Dave Bing's administration said Thursday that the city is negotiating with a charter carrier that wants to return passenger service to Detroit.
Those passes did not all come from Thomas. Evans, who is still running the offense at times, had games of 10 and nine assists in that stretch.
Engineering deans from around the country filled out a nine-member panel at the forum, speaking before a room full of Oregon business and civic leaders. The administration sent Energy Secretary Steven Chu to pitch the administration's jobs message: The U.S. needs to out-innovate other countries to retain its economic advantage.
Once an illegal immigrant reports to ICE, the average stay in detention before being sent to their home country is 32 days, Ort said.
Of the 19 deer killed, 14 were harvested by members of the Suburban Bowhunters organization. The other five deer were taken by the father and son team of Brian and Daniel Thornquist, Eidman said. All told, five bucks and 14 does were killed.
France’s fish stew, bouillabaisse ($23), raises another flag, while Spain is represented by paella ($23) and Pato con Higos ($20) — duck with figs, Rose’s signature dish. The blend of sliced pan-seared fowl and fig is not too sweet, with the fruit producing an extra glimmer from the perfectly cooked slices of breast.
The friendly guy who's knocking on your door offering to fix the hail damage on your roof might not have your best interests at heart.
The 500,000-gallon saltwater shark tank, the aquarium's largest, had suffered from cloudy water that made it difficult to see all of the marine life. Brown instituted a 10-percent discount and a warning at the ticket counter, but some customers still were not happy paying north of $20 for the experience. Several complained via e-mail to The Plain Dealer.
People seem to be basing their decisions on a combination of technical assessments and emotion, leavened with a healthy dose of skepticism concerning the government.
Grossman, who was benched in Week 6 after a four-interception performance against the Philadelphia Eagles but split first-team snaps with Beck in practice this week, threw two more interceptions to a Miami defense that entered the game with only two picks all year. He completed 21 of 32 passes for 215 yards, and the Redskins managed only 225 total yards on offense.
The event in Blue Ash was one of several Ohio appearances Santorum is making this weekend in the final days before Super Tuesday. Romney and former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich also are sweeping through the Buckeye State, with appearances scheduled in the western and southwestern regions of the state.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Indianapolis Colts hold the first pick in the NFL draft and are expected to select the quarterback they project as the successor to future Hall of Famer Peyton Manning.
Because she is doubtful the board completely thought through the decision, McNamee says she wants to bring an open mind that looks at every aspect of a tough issue.
"There isn't one place that tells Arizona's story," Arizona Historical Research historian Vince Murray said. "The state has all these components that tell its story and they are spread out.
MUNICH -- This is one of those towns that seems friendly but isn't.
The colorful duo settled on gourmet meatballs after stuffing themselves silly with meatballs at restaurants all over town. "We wanted that <U+0091>Holy cow! That just really pops!' " says Reyes, who has been the kitchen manager at Succotash restaurant for the past 2 1/2 years. "Our stuff pops, man! Since we only do one thing, we've got to do it well."
Capehart Scatchard is a diversified regional law firm of 71 attorneys with offices in Mount Laurel and Trenton, as well as Pennsylvania, New York and Delaware. Visit www.capehart.com.
Where: 1 Legoland Way, Winter Haven
So was a problem. A quick trip to the Rock Hall website revealed that there are almost 900 inductees. Even eliminating the pioneer members and the nonperformers, they were still talking about some 550 musicians.
For all of their sins, and there were many, the Beavers (2-7, 2-4) could scratch their heads afterwards and say with a straight face that they blew a great opportunity to take down a nationally ranked team.
Favorite musician: Dave Matthews Band
Texas A&M, 22-9, will be appearing in its fifth consecutive championship game. The Aggies won two of them and lost two — both to Baylor. They’ve lost 10 of their last 11 to the Bears, the exception being last year’s meeting in the Elite Eight in Dallas. The Aggies won that one 58-46 on their way to winning the national championship.
The Stewardship Network
Peters said the animals had been fed Monday morning, and the earliest they could be moved would be Wednesday. She said other details were being worked out, and she didn't yet have additional information.
ART
The new legislation that caused Bank of America to take the $10.4 billion charge limits fees banks can collect when merchants accept debit cards. BofA said that change would reduce future revenues in its card business.
Wright said the offense is more versatile, and that Aprile and tight end Mark Martindale will play key roles when the season kicks off Sept. 1 at Arizona State.
So while the local entrepreneur is working angles to get a national retailer to pick up his product, he decided to take his colorfully-named "What-A-Ya-Nuts?!" directly to the people via the brand's Facebook page and Alice.com, an online store that allows consumers to buy products directly from manufacturers.
Grade (1-5): - 2.9 A low grade, considering OSU returned four regulars, but until this re-vamped unit redeems itself for last year it seems high enough. Did OSU improve itself here, with players swapping positions, or was it simply re-arranging the deck chairs on the Titantic?
Fortunately, our ancestors eventually got over their fear and began growing and consuming them with gusto.
Breese Central
"I'd have to say we're definitely a Scorpio," laughed Robinson, a Pittsburgh native who calls Tallmadge home. "They can be difficult to deal with, and that certainly describes us to a certain degree.
But the Marlins hope that by the time Cishek is available, Bell might be ready to resume the closer's role.
Rhoney, working for the nonprofit agency ImpactNW, has been at Kelly since 2005, building programs and working to connect the school to some support. "There's not a lot of resources out here in deep Southeast," she says with a small, rueful smile. She cherishes the help from GBD Architects of downtown Portland, whose employees funnel several hundred dollars into Kelly every month.
They got one of those quiet games from George, who, when he did finally step up, missed two open 3s that could have put away the game. Some of us are tired of hearing Vogel say George "is our best all-around player.'' Well . . . show it. Take over. Be a force. Make a difference.
* Good times for Treasuries
Vitamin A — It promotes normal growth and healthy skin — and aids in night and color vision. Rich sources include yellow vegetables, dairy products and liver.
Officers arrested Daniel Herres, 45, of Helmetta and charged him with impersonating a police officer, according to Lt. Marc Jimenez. Herres was being held on $15,000 bail at the Middlesex County jail.
That's what the young men at Vivid Cafe do. Admir Hodzic is a sports fan, including soccer and the NBA. He avoids most news sites, especially those that emphasize politics.
The cause is under investigation.
The addresses listed for the companies — which included Archimedes Home Buyers, First Jersey Real Estate, Father and Son Computer Repair and Jersey City Computer Repair — were either Parera’s apartment, post office boxes or empty office space. It is unclear if they had any clients.
Key said a new leader of Key Community Banking, filling Mooney's role, will come from within the company.
"We feel that we make a very strong argument," said Bouhasin.
But really, honey, the script is incidental. It's the clothes and shoes and accessories we stand in line for at the multiplex.
I have not been as regular with the defensive audits this season as I have in the past. That doesn't mean I haven't been tracking the numbers so that we can get a sense of whether the defense has improved, declined or remained stagnant. With September coming, it's possible to illustrate how the Cardinals have improved significantly in the past month. This is helped by the fact that they are coming off of two of their finest defensive games of the season -- the past two victories against the Brewers at Miller.
Though he now lives three miles from the sand in Long Beach, Calif., he loves coming back to Cleveland, "even in winter," and the costume shop.
Six Flags: Then and now
To communicate with Fausto, Bob and Bonnie kept their Spanish dictionaries handy. He would talk about his family, but with never a hint of his real identity. He always signed baseballs, shirts and his baseball card as "Fausto."
"He sounded good. He had some zip in his voice," Palmer said. "He knows what he wants to do with his life and the way he's going to handle it, and I guess we're going to give him that respect. I would think for Tiger it's going to be tough. It's going to be something that's going to take him a little time to get used to."
"The first CD still had my hip-hop roots on it, and this one drives more toward an electronic synth-pop sound comparable to Depeche Mode, a little bit of Cure and even modern artists like Chromeo. It's poppy-electronic music, but there's still an element of darkness to it." The trio hopes the new album, which includes the anthemic title track and the melancholic "Missing Balfour," opens doors for more regional touring, including a possible trip to Austin, Texas' South by Southwest music conference.
Steele also questioned why the knife that was used to stab Ammons 18 times was too dull to cut the woman, who had testified that Barnes tried to cut her throat but the knife wouldn't penetrate her skin.
"I Fall to Pieces," "Walkin' After Midnight" and "Crazy" are among the hits in this biographical revue about the legendary country singer. This production will serve as swan song for the Broadway Palm Dinner Theatre, which is ending a 10-year run in Mesa due to increased competition and declining audiences. Owned by the Prather Entertainment Group, which also runs successful dinner theaters in Florida and Pennsylvania, the venue is hoping to reopen with a new name and revamped programming.
He was compelled to explore the episode after a North Bergen liquor store owner, George O’Barski, told him that he’d seen a saucer land in a grassy field opposite the Stonehenge. O’Barski said a group of diminutive creatures in helmets traipsed down an illuminated ramp to scoop soil samples. Hopkins penned a 1976 Village Voice piece about the encounter, "Sane Citizen Sees UFO in New Jersey."
"But we have a 150-yard runway, with 2,800 fans inside the inner circle. So the band had to learn to play to all those fans, on all sides. It's a full 360-degree experience."
Indianapolis opened the draft by taking Luck, the Stanford quarterback, with the No. 1 overall pick and ended the draft by taking another quarterback in Harnish. It was the first time since 1967 that a nonexpansion team had the first and last picks in the draft and only the third time in NFL history.
The ad for the powerful hallucinogenic drug emerged on a foreign website in June, billed as a "research chemical" with the strange name 4-Meo-PCP.
Options: Pastured livestock, eggs, meat.
"With the right coaching after what I saw today with my own eyes he can be a great QB," Ochocinco wrote.
He said Petrobras has much more pricing liberty than YPF, though Brazil's authorities do press the company to keep the price of gasoline and diesel low, to control inflation. Mr. Schechtman also said Brazil has a track record of setting clear rules for foreign investors, who are pumping lots of money into the oil sector. "In the Brazilian model, there has never been a violation of contracts," Mr. Schechtman said. "The rules have been respected."
“We were immediately written off by the world,” Landberg said. “Rightfully so. We turned things around. It was a grind. It wouldn’t have wanted it any other way to work from the bottom of the barrel and up.”
Around the world, around the clock
Long after that van pulled away, people continued to talk about Phelps. The cameramen chased him for a half block. The world's best swimmers will chase him again, too.
LaBolt said the Republican Party has failed to offer a detailed jobs plan to help the middle class. “I think you’ve seen them rush to embrace the tea party economic policies that led us into the economic crisis in the first place,” he said, suggesting that led Romney to avoid specifics.
“There’s more to this university that what’s going on,” he said. “It’s a great university. Academically, we’re one of the best in the country. The whole thing is really sad.”
Overall, Favazza said he was pleased with the report, noting improvements since he first invited auditors to look at the books when he took over as circuit clerk. The 90-page audit of the office in 2000 had 51 recommendations; Tuesday's 10-page version had eight.
When named to head the Optum unit, analysts speculated Mikan could advance to the top spot at UnitedHealth. Ana Gupte, analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, said at the time, "Mikan's move to head up health services is significant. They are giving him operating experience to develop him."
"Education is the great (income) equalizer - except for gender disparities, which we're addressing in the economic plan."
Sediment brought up still needs to undergo laboratory testing to verify that the oil found on the bottom comes from the BP oil spill.
Millville resident Christopher P. Viggiano Jr., 24, was struck and killed by a passing car at about 1 a.m. Sunday. The name of the female motorist who hit Viggiano is presently being withheld.
So Richie joined us about a year ago. We think he's part beagle, and part pit bull or German shepherd. He thinks he's a pug.
Horning went to the church at 2187 West 14th about 3:45 p.m. Monday to meet with two priests to discuss working on the church and the nearby St. George Antiochian Orthodox Church. The Rev. John Ojaimi said he had paid Horning $27,000 in October to do some work and Horning never got started.
1395 Bluebird Dr, $40,000
Oil prices have jumped $20 since the Libyan uprising began in February. Higher oil prices can pinch spending by forcing consumers to pay more for gasoline and could cut into economic growth.
As we glided closer to the southernmost point of this massive glacier, passengers milled around the snack bar or strolled along the decks. But they stopped, and an eerie, yet peaceful, quiet enveloped our ship as we pulled alongside the face of the glacier.
Sabre said Monday it was within its contractual rights to change the way it displays American's information. Spokeswoman Nancy St. Pierre said the company was acting to help customers "and support airlines that value transparent and efficient comparison shopping."
“I joke that I was too cheap to open my own wallet, so I wrote a book instead,” said the 6-foot, 3-inch Kirchhoff, who once topped the scales at 242 lbs. Today he weighs 203.
Swanson's office regulates charitable organizations in Minnesota, which includes the hospitals that contracted with Accretive. She said the office reviewed over 100,000 records and talked with Fairview employees when compiling the report.
Sept. 30 at Arizona, 4:05
Hoiles argued that public schools themselves breed a desire for power: "But that is the natural result of compulsory education. Men of this type are the kind that are usually on every board of education in the United States – self-seekers who want power; who want to appear to be leaders; who are willing to violate their oaths of office in order to let their will prevail.
Luke Scott of the Tampa Bay Rays took a lot of grief last week for calling Fenway "a dump." He had the right idea too. The Angels have held Sunday chapel services in the shower because there was no other space available in the visiting clubhouse.
The food is nothing fancy and kind of retro, but it's simple and satisfying. This is also a great place for mussels ($8.95) bathed in a white wine garlic sauce that has a hefty acidic kick; and fish and chips ($12.95) where the fillets of Pacific snapper are blanketed in a Sierra Nevada beer batter.
If you must use convenience foods, make them healthier.
Is all that big talking by Jets coach Rex Ryan
On Wednesday, I looked around the place, and I hoped it never would.
"Rather than buy the time from NBC, Ford handed over the show and ceded all ad revenue to the network, stipulating only that Ford is the exclusive automotive advertiser," Advertising Age reported. They don't need to buy commercial minutes when the whole show is an ad.
If you are looking for garden tools, Bay Flora has some really darling ones from the Victoria and Albert Museum: pruners, trowel and fork set in a William Morris pattern for $30.
Obama's expected declaration of continued U.S. support for Afghanistan after 2014 follows a series of recent incidents that stoked tensions between the two nations and threatened to complicate the American military drawdown.
Nick Literski, a government employee in Seattle, has been taking Truvada for HIV prevention for more than a year because his partner is infected. He said the drug has helped prevent the breakup of relationships like his.
9. Cold Irons Bound
When it was time to decide on countertop selection, the process started with the budget. Kerri knew she wanted something warmer than the usual granite, and ultimately concrete fit the bill. The organic and mottled surface and 2-inch thickness appealed to Kerri: "You can see 'the hand' that made it."
Let the games begin: The Indians will play intrasquad games Wednesday and Thursday in preparation for the Cactus League opener against the Reds on Saturday. They will play 4 1/2 innings Wednesday and 5 1/2 innings Thursday. Thursday's game will be played at Goodyear Ballpark.
His recent problems included frequent angry outbursts at his staff, odd e-mails and troubling actions in public, including talking his way through a security checkpoint at Portland International Airport and taking painkillers from a campaign donor.
The Spanish Economy Ministry said after the market close on Wednesday that it will take over Bankia SA, which has high exposure to bad property loans following a crash in the construction sector. The government hopes its plan for the bank, which will be fleshed out further Friday alongside other measures, will form part of a strategy to convince investors the country won't need a bailout like those taken by Greece, Ireland and Portugal.
All four hope that Jackson and CTU, who found common ground on several issues in a meeting this week, can resolve their last two sticking points.
The 358-bed hospital in Middleburg Heights -- about 20 miles southwest of Cleveland -- is a private, non-profit and does not publicly update its quarterly finances. Last year, however, the hospital reported earning $12 million from operations, up from $8.9 million in 2009, according to its annual report. This year, there are signs that Southwest continued that strong financial trend.
Paretsky, in a recent interview, told the Miami Herald that her books are "like a suitcase that someone tried to put too many clothes in, and there's a bra strap sticking outside."
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, of all people, is the one who got me thinking along these lines again. He attended a motorcycle rally of about 5,000 bikers in southern Ukraine this weekend. He arrived at the rally on a Harley Davidson. He looked every bit like he belonged on the bike.
Recently, while sorting through my fabric scraps, I became inspired to make little pillow jewelry pieces. These make adorable earrings and pendants, or you can sew them all together for a cool wrist cuff. I settled for this fabric necklace. You also can make these as appliques to sew onto clothing, quilt or fabric collage projects.
The National Association of Senior Move Managers started with 22 members in 2002, tripled by 2006 and now counts nearly 700 companies in the United States, as well as start-ups in Canada, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, according to Mary Kay Buysse, executive director.
The opinion by Superior Court Judge Peter Doyne, who was appointed by the state Supreme Court in January, will now be considered by the state’s highest court, potentially setting the stage for another historic confrontation on an issue that has been litigated for more than 40 years.
Headquarters: 30300 Emerald Valley Pkwy., Glenwillow.
Cousins has certainly responded well to the firing of Paul Westphal in favor of Keith Smart, and if he can keep his focus, he is poised to take his place as one of the best young big men in the league. In his last seven games, he is averaging 21.0 points and 12.7 rebounds.
So when each Democratic candidate calls for more police, even before they call for more social programs, there's been a profound shift in the political climate. The Republican candidate (should the GOP be able to find one) will promise more cops, too.
It may not be bartering with the blacksmith and cobbler, but the new Boise-Eliot Outdoor Markets hopes an old business model will bring extra income to modern-day folks suffering in a dire economy.
its position, with Mayor Francis Slay even saying he respected the group's message.
The other parties raised other objections:
7:30 p.m. Tennessee at Mississippi State, ESPNU
Even if your blues fall short of a clinical threshold - your nearness to tears says otherwise - your distress warrants at least some reputable career coaching.
The charges typically amount to probation, DeFazio said, so long as the person has no prior criminal record. Bayonne police chief Robert Kubert said he is unsure whether a judge would take Britt's numerous past traffic violations into consideration when assessing Tuesday's charges.
Competitors may change or come and go, Oliver said, but Key in the past two years has built a dozen new branches locally. That's the message Key wants to project.
Like Target Field, a Vikings stadium in Arden Hills would rely heavily on money from a countywide sales tax increase -- this time in Ramsey County -- along with at least a $407 million contribution from the team and $300 million from the state.
Orlando led 80-73 with a minute to play when things started falling apart.
Laurel Elementary School Principal Susan Glines said the school is "ecstatic" to have been chosen.
Even if Intel is planning a new Oregon fab right now, that doesn't mean it's committed to build. Economic challenges or technical developments could alter the company's direction.
The trip to Atlantic City came two days after Jacobs, a two-time Super Bowl champion, agreed to terms of a one-year contract with the San Francisco 49ers. Representatives of the 49ers did not return calls seeking comment today.
He enjoys traveling, and this photo of him at Cannon Beach shows Chase in his element.
Dr. Konstantin Frank, Semi-Dry, Finger Lakes, 2010, 93 pts.
In the crowd, 33-year-old Kelly Thomas, from Ardsley, NY, is standing on her chair, the hamburger platters on her table untouched by her and her pals. “Can I be that girl?” she pleads. “I will stage-dive!”
Dinner 5:30-10 p.m. Sunday and Tuesday-Thursday, until 11 p.m. Friday-Saturday. Beer and wine. Reservations and credit cards accepted. Adjacent parking lot $5.
Duct tape wasn't invented for ductwork, Nyberg says. According to lore, the three-layer tape was developed during World War II to keep moisture out of ammunition cases. The core was made from cotton duck cloth (commonly used for bandages) with a plastic coating on one side and adhesive on the other, hence "duck tape."
The protected status, first issued in 2001, will now expire in March 2014, meaning that Somali immigrants can stay in the U.S. until then. Homeland Security says their status is being extended because of an ongoing armed conflict and severe drought in Somalia.
He didn't know the half of it.
185, Malia L. Lyles, Neptune, 3:08:49.
The center has not reviewed the draft proposal of the $25-billion deal, which has not been made public but has been described to media outlets, including the Los Angeles Times, by people familiar with the deal. In giving the deal its qualified endorsement, the consumer group noted that the settlement would end robo-signing as well as many servicing abuses, make for more sustainable loan modifications and keep banks accountable.
Kelly identified obesity as a major problem, and the county council approved an Obesity Prevention Task Force that will consist of 15 members representing restaurants, grocery stores, nutritionists, physicians, farmers, fitness specialists and various county departments.
Toilets were working in most rooms, said Gerry Cahill, chief executive of Carnival Corp."s Carnival Cruise Lines. The bar was open and offering free drinks. There were musical bands and children's games.
FitzGerald says the board is trying to avoid oversight of the taxpayer-financed agency, formally known as the Cuyahoga County Land Reutilization Corp., in the aftermath of a government corruption scandal.
There are 200 kids on the waiting list for a Big Brother.
We achieve substantial utility savings by buying electricity and natural gas services in bulk amounts, which allows us to negotiate the most advantageous energy prices for our 162 member communities.
All six chorus members – including Fernandez, Lewis, Jay Donnell, Stephanie Hayslip, David Michael Laffey and Carrie St. Louis – are outstanding, but Laffey excels in the supporting roles of a vicious mob figure, a cowboy-like district attorney and a vigorous yet roughly charming murderer.
"They have decided to end the sit-in and will start planning for a million-man march on Friday," Gamal Saber, head of Ismail's campaign, announced later. A crowd consisting mostly of young men, however, did not disperse. "We are on the verge of a second revolution," Saber said.
"It reminds all of us just how hard the job is," Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed said Wednesday afternoon. "Every time they put on their uniforms, they're putting themselves in harm's way."
The site in question, a 60-acre property off Crosswicks-Hamilton Square Road, would become home to a ground-mounted solar site under plans presented by Hamilton-based developers Barry Black Sr. and his son Barry Black Jr., doing business as BKB Properties.
2006: The Ravens moved up one pick -- No. 13 to No. 12 -- and selected defensive tackle Haloti Ngata. All it took to flop spots with the rival Cleveland Browns was a sixth-round pick.
"It's the newest ocean," said Ann Kelly, a teacher at Bishop DuBourg High School who, as a member of the American Meteorological Society, oversees a graduate-level course on oceanography for teachers. Kelly said most of the teachers who take the courses come into class having never heard of the Southern Ocean. "Most people are like, 'Oh, I didn't know they called it that,'" she said.
HAMILTON — A former school bus driver for the Hopewell Valley Regional School District has been indicted on sexual assault charges after a teenage girl was molested numerous times in his Hamilton Township home.
Both are co-owned and operated by Cordon Bleu-trained executive chef John Evans and his wife, Lynnette Evans. The bistro occupies the space formerly held by the Red Bud Cafe, and the interior was well thought-out: textured walls, framed art, lots of glass, an open kitchen and a wood-fired pizza oven.
The statement noted that the agency recently implemented modified screening procedures for children age 12 and younger to further reduce the need for pat-downs of children, such as multiple passes through a metal detector and advanced imaging technology.
So Kraft decided to tweak the Oreo. But executives of the Northfield, Ill.-based company knew that they had to proceed with caution. "When you have a brand that's 100 years old, you don't mess with the recipe thoughtlessly," says Lorna Davis, head of the company's global biscuit and cookies business.
They start rehearsing at the home of bassist Norwood Fisher, whose brother Phillip, also known as Fish, becomes their drummer. With Moore on sax and vocals, Kendall Jones on lead guitar, Walter Kibby II on trumpet and Chris Dowd on keyboards and trombone, they work their way through high-school talent shows and proms before landing a gig at legendary punk club Madame Wong's in 1983.
Christopher Monty
The Redskins have been no strangers to new starting QBs over the years, but Griffin III may be the one that has some staying power. The elusive, cannon-armed QB will immediately ignite the offense.
Dec. 16 at Cleveland, 1:00
Then Cueto plunked catcher Yadier Molina in the upper back with a breaking ball to open the second inning tonight at Busch Stadium. Home-plate umpire Tony Randazzo, aware of the history between the clubs, issued warnings to both dugouts although that probably wasn't necessary with the pitch not being a fastball.
Graff (who made the diverting musicals Camp and Bandslam) writes sufficient one-liners to embroider his film's threadbare plot and fill the space between musical numbers. Example: "Your train of thought makes all local stops," says Vi Rose with a sigh to her son, Walter (charismatic Dexter Darden), who has Asperger's syndrome.
Babeu was invited to speak at the Tulsa Police Department's annual awards dinner after some officers heard him speak last year at another event in Tulsa and liked what he had to say about controlling the border and illegal immigration, Harris said.
This is where an otherwise ordinary trip to the doctor suddenly jaywalked me down a medical side street and into a parable of modern American medicine, a place I previously thought was only populated by libertarians, vegans and anti-drug company conspiracy theorists.
Farina: He's the hometown guy from Austin. He's very talented, he thinks about food in a very different way. He won for a reason. For me, I had an opportunity to eat at both restaurants on that last episode, (and) based purely on the dinners I ate, Sarah was robbed. I think there would have been a backlash if Paul didn't win.
They succeeded late Wednesday, including the drug fix in a bill to keep doctors from facing steep cuts in Medicare reimbursements. The House, which earlier had addressed the discount issue in a different bill, included the remedy in its Medicare reimbursement measure that passed on Thursday. The bill now goes to President Barack Obama, who is expected to sign it.
Ms. Perich spent 45 minutes per day fulfilling religious duties, but Justice Roberts wrote that time could not be the only basis for determining her status. Would it have made a difference if it had been 15 minutes per day? How about five?
However, the attorneys said the man’s name will likely come out if and when he is called to testify at Ravi’s trial. The judge set a Feb. 21 trial date.
As an iPhone 4 owner, you should consider the 4S only if you absolutely must have the latest and greatest, or if your old phone is broken. Since the 4S is less than two years old, your carrier will probably make you pay more than the $199 base price if you upgrade, because you haven't "paid off" the subsidized price of your old phone yet.
"We have to be able to move walls, and set up camera platforms, so we couldn't have actual furniture in certain places. The sofa, bench and wall unit are all built for the space and can be easily removed," says Didul.
"That's the root of the problem," says Steill, owner of Simply Put Organizing in Scottsdale, who insists home organization is as simple as two basic principles: "It all starts with not getting rid of old things and not placing things with purpose."
• Northwest Reporter Molly Hottle suggests Earth Day events at Forest Park, a Pearl yard sale, and a Portland Pinball tournament in her roundup of things to do this weekend in that corner of the city.
"We don't have anything to do with what Imagine decides to do from this day forward," said Reynaldo Anderson, president of the Imagine Academy of Careers board, at the forum at Imagine College Preparatory Academy.
Students brought the idea to the Bradley Beach school board, said Dwight Gerdes, who serves on the board and the borough's environmental commission.
Details: Open for dinner 6 to 11 p.m. Monday to Saturday from 5-10 p.m. Sunday. Lunch is served 11:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Monday to Friday. Wine and beer. Valet parking, $5, dinner only.
"He’s established a profile for himself ... that goes way beyond the boundaries of New Jersey," said Dietram Scheufele, a communications professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
I had mixed feelings about the Italian wedding soup. One night, the textures of the pasta pearls and celery were cooked to the limit. On another night, it seemed freshly prepared. The little industrialized fork marks in the tiny meatballs suggested they might not be from a grandmother's hand, but the broth was full-flavored, a comfort. And the packed cup was a mere $2.
Many forms of Sansevieria, a plant from western Africa, also do well in the shade.
Along the parade route on Broadway and Seventh Street, most everyone wore beads around their necks and held an adult beverage. As the afternoon drew on, more and more people's lips were stained hurricane-red.
Because of time constraints, the Board of Elections could only validate Henley's petitions by closing.
Metro, the regional planning government, is looking into how community investment funds might be used to address infrastructure financing across the Portland area, said Carlotta Collette, a Metro Council member who lives in Milwaukie.
The former Glenn Anzalone, an Italian-American kid from Lodi, Danzig transformed his adolescent fascination with monsters and the macabre into a 30-plus-year career, starting with his seminal horror-punk band the Misfits in the late ’70s. The gloomy Samhain and then the more metal Danzig band — his current group — followed. Performing at the near-capacity Nokia Theatre on Friday night, he greeted the New York audience like a favorite son coming home, bringing cheers with every fist pump and mention of Manhattan.
"The specific example used by the attorney general to support these allegations -- that a father was approached for payment prior to his child being provided care -- was in fact, the opposite," the company said. "Our review of the records ... show that a family member made a special request to consult about financial arrangements and the expected cost of care in advance of treatment. We accommodated his request, and the father expressed his appreciation for our assistance."
“I'm just focusing on the game right now,” he said. “We'll see.”
The last significant rainfall was early in September, said Austin Jamison, a Weather Service meteorologist in Phoenix.
Gen. Ray Odierno, the Army chief of staff, said last week that the two brigades being removed from Europe will be eliminated rather than reassigned to U.S. bases. Both are based in Germany — the 172nd Infantry Brigade, in Grafenwoehr, and the 170th Infantry Brigade, in Baumholder. Odierno said that in the long run this change will benefit both the United States and its European partners because U.S. Army combat and support units will periodically rotate in and out of Europe for training and joint exercises that are designed to meet the needs of the European forces.
It is cold in New Orleans.
Treatment should be started within 72 hours of symptoms and include antiviral medications. Sometimes patients may require pain medicines as well.
1 quart rich chicken broth (below)
Two Ohio families and their pastor filed a federal lawsuit in Minneapolis this week accusing some "confusingly intertwined" Twin Cities investment advisers and a dozen business entities of fraud, misrepresentation and other breaches in the handling of their life savings.
Police arrested more than 100 people during protests in January following the incident in which windows of downtown Oakland businesses were smashed, trash cans and cars were set on fire and police were pelted with bottles.
Both suffered severe head injuries in an April 19 attack that killed her husband, Robert Cipriano. Police say the assault was committed by their 19-year-old son, Tucker Cipriano, and his friend Mitchell Young, 20. Both are charged in the attacks.
This year the measuring stick was Detroit and Vancouver, and matching up against those teams seemed to be the Nashville Predators' mission. They added a faceoff specialist, Paul Gaustad, increased their skill with Andrei Kostitsyn and Alexander Radulov and heightened their experience with defenseman Hal Gill.
On Aug. 20, the lawsuit states, he asked to be released from the 18-month non-competition agreement to work for Dunkin' but was refused.
The Murphys, parents of two young daughters, exchanged more than 100 intercepted messages with Russian intelligence, Farbiarz said. In the couple’s colonial-style home, Farbiarz added, authorities found a train ticket with a name that matches one Richard Murphy used on an Irish passport when he traveled abroad.
"I don't think we played well at all today," the coach added. "The field was very poor. I thought it matched our performance. Maybe we came into the game a little bit better in the second half, but I think the penalty call obviously goes their way; they score a goal and the game changes."
Levee improvements took on added urgency when FEMA - using Corps of Engineers concerns about seepage - announced plans in 2007 to reclassify most of the flood plain as a high-risk flood area. Still pending, such a change would mean development restrictions and require many property owners to obtain flood insurance. Restoring the levees to 100-year protection would avoid that.
Hands-Free Calling. OnStar allows drivers to make hands-free, voice-activated calls either through a Bluetooth connection to the driver's mobile phone or through prepaid packages of minutes purchased through OnStar.
Greensfelder County Park in Wildwood is a perfect example of the group's efforts that benefit all trail users, GORC President Bryan Adams said.
"We're located at one of the widest parts of the lake," Kristof says. "And we're close to London Bridge, so you can putz around in the water here or cruise down to the bridge. (The bridge) is sort of a status location. People like to cruise up and down, checking out the other boats and the bikinis. It's kind of a place to see and be seen."
The plane remains on the tarmac at Warsaw's Frederic Chopin airport at the intersection of its two runways. LOT Polish airlines said today that efforts were being made to move the plane to unblock one of the runways.
A commission attorney, who reports to Ridley-Thomas and his fellow commissioners, said in an email to The Times that the supervisor had not paid for the tickets for two years because he was waiting to hear how much he owed.
Question: Can you suggest a few good plants that can add color and interest to a fall yard in the Valley?
By the time the Hampton Jitney made its last stop in Fort Lauderdale, Dorothy and I were cozy in our condo - with our Cadillac parked right outside.
Britannica's reputation for accuracy will probably ensure that the online version of its reference materials will continue to be cribbed by students around the globe. But the Internet is steadily undermining the brand's franchise in at least three ways.
As he went to work each day, it was up to Pat to be the customer service representative. She was also busy raising three girls in a rural area where they had to be driven everywhere.
She is survived by her husband, Melvin; children, Shirlee (Peter) O’Connor, Donald (Susan) Brabham, and Kenneth (Melinda) Brabham; step-daughters, Janice (Burt) Warnock, and Donna (Tom) VanDyke; 11 grandchildren; and six great-grandchildren.
Johnston also enjoyed hearing the crowd explode after Noebels put the Hawks in front.
With Gov. John Kitzhaber and state Treasurer Ted Wheeler promoting the idea and 37 Democrats and Republicans already signed on, the bill proposes to coordinate a myriad of existing state economic development activities and investments under a new Oregon Growth Board.
"He's really smart," Hassli said. "A lot of movement—he knows my quality and I know his quality. He can run, or stay behind me. It's a pleasure to play with him."
Triple Crown Restaurant has opened at 335 S. Main St., Munroe Falls. 330-633-4200.
“Our budget was designed 15 years ago,” Hajek said. “We want to maintain staffing at our stations.”
Is there any NFL talent on the offensive line?
The bills now go to Gov. Chris Christie, who is likely to sign them. They were part of a Barnegat Bay protection package he endorsed earlier this month.
<U+0093>None of them have to do with pharmaceuticals,<U+0094> he said of the healthy habits. <U+0093>None of them have to do with the arrows that are flying in Washington between the Democrats and the Republicans and Obamacare, etc.<U+0094>
Some critics of the expanded playoff format believe it simply opens up another spot for a free-spending big-market team.
I'm not saying Smith will let you down again this week. I'm not saying English won't yet turn out to prove worth the investment. (Hey, I'm pulling for the bunny. I'm several hundred bucks in.)
Palin has kept her itinerary under wraps, but there are rumors she may tour Ellis Island tomorrow morning.
Later, a survey of European manufacturing executives by financial data firm Markit fell to a three-month low. The result indicated that manufacturing activity there is contracting.
Serious budget issues remain. Congress is supposed to approve an outline for the fiscal 2013 federal budget by mid-April, but few expect that to happen. Most anticipate little, if any, serious action on major deficit-cutting until after the November elections.
A week later, they were two of 19 high school gold medal winners competing to be the top prize winners and for the chance to go to the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair in Pittsburgh.
Illinois' campaign to collect unpaid gasoline sales tax is a worthy model. Madigan's office and the Illinois Department of Revenue have collected more than $67 million since they targeted gas-station offenders in autumn 2009. Several criminal cases are pending, despite the limitations of current law.
"It's an opportunity to spotlight a long-time business in town," Larry Crandall said.
Employees say the duo fosters an environment that simultaneously promotes fun and hard work, from parties that mark landmark birthdays to incentives for coming up with solid business ideas.
Despite the rarity, it poses a theoretical risk to humans. Studies show that primates and transgenic mice get brain disease when fed the L-type variant -- so humans could be infected, as well.
Researchers in Germany have found that dogs, using just their power of scent, can detect cancer in 71 percent of patients.
Hey, Art: I don't see the Browns signing Campbell despite his 4-2 record last season before the broken collarbone. If the Browns decided to move on from Colt McCoy, I think they'll draft either RG3 or Ryan Tannehill.
The partial glass walls of the smaller and more contemporary Chesapeake House will curve like the letter "C" and be topped with a sail-shaped roof. A trail leading from the parking lot to a small hilltop will give visitors a view of the Chesapeake Bay.
Although the acclaimed play used life-sized puppets for horses, the film used more than 150 live horses. Lovgren's task was to oversee their training. He recruited a team of seven trainers from Australia, Spain and the U.S. as well as groomers, handlers, transporters — even an equine hair and makeup unit.
Nunez said she stopped the car in the 100 block of West Columbine Avenue and that's when Galarza opened the door and took off. An officer, who has not been identified, fired his weapon.
UC Davis scientist Kimber Stanhope has found that consuming high levels of fructose increases risk factors for heart disease and Type 2 diabetes because it is converted into fat by the liver more readily than glucose. Her studies suggest that it doesn't matter whether the fructose is from soda or juice.
IOWA CITY, Iowa -- If Ellis Coleman launched the "Flying Squirrel," would you applaud or duck?
Jackson gave the keynote address at the college’s 32nd annual commencement ceremonies, held in Prudential Hall at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark tonight.
According to analysts, the upcoming draft is not deep in quarterback prospects. Oklahoma's Sam Bradford and Notre Dame's Jimmy Clausen are regarded as certain first-round picks.
Ingram was sidelined all of last season with a right hamstring pull and is determined to get back to state after running in the 800 relay there as a sophomore.
Thomas' relentless hustle and unselfish play have rebranded the suddenly exciting Kings. With a boyish smile, natural leadership skills and a penchant for doing the unexpected, he has become the one of the most compelling stories of the Kings season.
After he made the Toronto roster, he said, "I love the game. I have a passion for it. I get up every day with the energy to go to the park. I love playing around with the guys. I love the smell of the game, the pine tar, the hot dogs. I love all the things around baseball."
Las Vegas has become the host city of choice for basketball conferences in the western United States. The West Coast Conference, Western Athletic Conference and Mountain West Conference already hold their men's basketball tournaments in Las Vegas. The Big Sky Conference, which includes Portland State, has its tournament at the home court of the regular season champion.
So you've got pirates roughly 120 years after their heyday and a scheming Darwin paired with his evolved chimp pal, a Man Pan Zee, he calls him. You've got other scientists hoping to win acclaim with everything from airships to a Rubik's Cube. You have competing pirates full of swagger and swordplay.
If Oliver, an East Orange resident, were to go to the House, she would occupy what has been considered a Newark seat. In addition, her ascension to speaker was the result of a delicate power-sharing arrangement between power brokers from North and South Jersey, and her departure could set off a nasty behind-the-scenes power struggle.
Inspectors from the U.N.'s nuclear watchdog agency regularly visit Iran's nuclear facilities, which include a Russian-built energy reactor and uranium enrichment laboratories.
Stem salesman: In a close vote, the state stem cell agency's board has picked banker Jonathan Thomas to head the $3 billion research program that voters set up a few years back.
The mayor denounced those characterizations. “Anybody who knows me knows I make my own decisions,” Ricigliano said.
– Cablevision Systems Corp. dropped 7.9 percent after its first-quarter revenue fell short of analysts’ expectations and profit declined sharply.
When Parboo's family booked him in a fancy downtown hotel, he wouldn't stay -- picking a less expensive option near the track. And when he arrived in the U.S. in 1982, a clerical error in the paperwork caused his last name to be misspelled. He didn't care, nor did he bother to work to get it changed.
And, in 2005, he received the Los Angeles Times Book Prizes' Robert Kirsch Award for lifetime achievement for having "reinvented the mystery novel as a venue for the exploration and celebration of Native American history, culture and identity."
With cities closing medical marijuana dispensaries, and debate still raging like reefer madness, why would anyone take such a public stand?
You can put all that fascinating, lightweight, "thermoregulation system" into new unis, and if they ended up looking like as bland as Penn State's football duds or the uniforms of 1976 Soviet Olympic basketball team, all the innovation and cultural relevance in the world buys you next to nothing.
This latest development follows a yearlong Free Press investigation of the city's pension funds that revealed lavish travel by trustees and staff, questionable dealings by secretive middlemen and repeated incidents in which the funds' investment adviser failed to detect potential problems in the backgrounds of several businessmen pushing deals.
Dan Tracy is 47, and he ends up on one side of this deal. And Martell Webster, the Minnesota Timberwolves player, ends up on the other end. And while we know that Webster was traded to the Timberwolves last June after playing for the Blazers for several seasons, what you probably didn't know until now is that Tracy is a volunteer firefighter in Gladstone, automobile mechanic and Craigslist junkie.
Baffert has won the Preakness with Derby winners Silver Charm (1997), Real Quiet (1998) and War Emblem (2002), as well as with Derby also-rans Point Given (2001) and Lookin At Lucky (2010). The Hall of Famer will wait a week before establishing Bodemeister’s Preakness status.
Tricoli, who has been president of the college since 2006, declined to comment when reached on his cell phone.
Myers could not be reached for comment.
5. Sprinkle chopped almonds on top.
Reasons for optimism: If OSU can keep defenses honest with a run game and Katz has time to throw, (Nolan) Ryan K. may be primed for a big year. He is fully recovered from a broken bone in his right wrist that limited him in the spring. Katz – who may have the strongest arm in college football - completed 59 percent of his passes for 2,386 yards and 18 touchdowns in first year as starter. Historically, quarterbacks in Mike Riley’s system have bumped it up a level in their second season as starters. Katz's quick feet and escapability will be needed at times, depending on the effectiveness of the OSU offensive line. ... Vaz proved he could take over the team with a strong spring, but he doesn't possess Katz's physical gifts. ... Mannion looks like a young Sean Canfield in size and arm strength and could be the team's QB of the future.
Glenna was on the Arizona Opera board for nearly 15 years, leading the Opera Ball committee last season
While those on the streets will be purchasing overpriced snacks from street vendors, Zuramski said his guests will be sipping on mimosas and Bloody Marys while spooning forkfuls of chicken piccata. Between races, they can participate in a silent auction for such items as gift certificates to area restaurants and high-end computer merchandise.
The Tigers' value to the Big East is in basketball, where the Tigers have made 23 NCAA tournament appearances with a record of 32-23. The Tigers played in the national title game in 1973 and 2008, when they lost to UCLA and Kansas respectively. They also reached the Final Four in 1985 and lost in three other regional finals.
BlueKai and Exelate both operate digital exchanges, similar to stock exchanges, that sell billions of data points reaching more than 300 million unique Internet users each month. A spokesman for BlueKai said that the company "doesn't have an existing relationship with MasterCard." Exelate declined to comment. MasterCard said it hasn't yet finalized any plans to sell its information.
But, despite all of this, Kerr and others insist that the vacant GM job remains attractive.
Reed said that if reduced pension benefits for new hires aren't in place by the start of the new budget year in July, the city may have to delay plans to open newly built branch libraries that have been closed because the city can't afford to staff them.
He and his students built a radio antenna 13 miles long atop a mile-thick glacier at Siple Station in West Antarctica and continued to use it until the station closed in 1988. Students at Stanford are still analyzing data collected there. His work was formally recognized when a mountain range along the coast of Victoria Land on the Ross Sea was named the Helliwell Hills.
Jacobs made his first slab table for blankblank <U+0096> using wood from Kayler <U+0096> about four years ago. The irregular edge that distinguishes each piece is called the "live edge," Jacobs explained.
"We weren't going to come because last year was so bad," said Peyton, joined by best friend Peggy Tennant and Tennant's children, Zachary, 13, and Caitlyn, 10. Last year, Peyton said, the party was "out of control. There were too many fights."
Hack's PALL Royals 11
29. David Gilliland 126.
If not exactly as overhyped as the '05 Bordeaux, the 2005s from Burgundy still got plenty of attention, so bargain hunting may be futile. That said, you can still find plenty on the better side of the price-quality equation. Because the vintage was so spectacular, village level and premier cru bottles are often performing well beyond their usual cred. Consider the 2005 Nicolas Rossignol Volnay 1er Cru Chevret ($70, Paul Marcus Wines, Oakland, winex.com or Vin, Vino, Wine, Palo Alto), from a fifth-generation grower and a plot on Volnay's border with Meursault. Fight the temptation to uncork it right away.
Meanwhile, former Fountain exec chef Donna Chriszt has started cooking at Signature of Solon Country Club.
A series that teased offense so far pairs an American League club hitting .186 against a National League club batting .203. The Cardinals stranded nine to the Rangers' three Thursday.
Pinkel cooperated with the deputy and was booked at the Boone County Jail on suspicion of driving while intoxicated, a misdemeanor, Reddin said. Pinkel posted a $500 bail and was released on the first-offense charge.
That's an ominous sign for the Obama administration's plan to stem the foreclosure crisis. Lenders participating in the program have offered trial loan modifications to 760,000 eligible borrowers since it was launched in March. As of last month, just 31,000 of them had been made permanent, which requires at least three on-time payments and proof of income. Nearly the same number had dropped out of the program or were found to be ineligible.
Ulrich Davis, 50, a former manager of a Dutch freight-forwarding company was arrested this weekend while trying to board a flight to his homeland at Newark Liberty International Airport, authorities said.
Beyond the vegetable garden, the obvious and easy solution to rabbit damage is to pick things they don't like from the following lists. Not only will these repel bunnies, but also have the potential for significant savings on your water bill.
Bourke said with these cost-cutting measures, the district is "getting pretty close" to balancing its 2012 budget.
"We were thrilled that a national TV audience was able to see the breadth of our course offerings in a very important subject," UC Davis spokesman Barry Shiller said Tuesday.
The medical board, which is a civil entity, was "acting on the coroner's report" in amending its complaint against Rutland, said Debbie Nelson, an associate analyst with the group.
Paper sacks are safer for wildlife, decompose naturally and are made from a mix of renewable resources -- trees -- and 40 recycled content, Gardner said. Plus, they can be recycled themselves and made into more bags. Kind of a circle of life thing.
Apple has committed to using renewable energy. San Jose-based SunPower (SPWRA) will provide solar panels for the new data center, while Sunnyvale-based Bloom Energy will provide fuel cells. Apple says 60 percent of the power on-site will be from renewable sources.
The dog was quarantined for 10 days. The dog owner was not cited.
Can you shop around for a better deal at the multiplex? Perhaps, but the true "Confessions" is that there are worse ways to spend your movie money.
The pair came out with the Apple II in 1977, a computer that was relatively affordable and designed for the mass market rather than for hobbyists. It went on to become one of the first commercially successful PCs, making the company $117 million in annual sales by the time of Apple's initial public offering in 1980. The IPO instantly made Mr. Jobs a multimillionaire.
Scott Endicott, 24, was sentenced to 60 years in prison after he pleaded guilty of fatally beating Joseph Schoolfield while his mother was at work. Prosecutors said Endicott and Valerie Schoolfield conspired to obstruct the investigation of the crime by claiming the boy was hurt in a fall.
“The show called for a trained dog,” he says, “but there was no money available to hire one. Someone connected with the show said, ‘Oh, we can use my dog; he’s very nice.’ Well, opening night, the dog ran off during the first scene. The owner picked him up and tried to discipline him, and the dog made that type of yelp which lets you know it’s in terrible pain. After that, the audience hated us. So when I came offstage, the first thing I said was, ‘That dog is fired!’ ”
Crandall said the presentation was geared toward anyone with access to the Internet.
Crude has dropped from $106 last week amid signs the U.S. and European economies may expand less than previously expected this year. Despite the recent sharp pullback in oil prices, some analysts say crude still trades above the level supply and demand fundamentals would suggest.
She was born July 19, 1916, the daughter of immigrants from Kiev. She and her two siblings helped her parents run a laundry and dry cleaning store in front of their home in Detroit. Mrs. Schaffer was a bright student, according to her brother, and graduated from high school summa cum laude at age 16.
Dance St. Louis director Michael Uthoff believes that "Billy Elliot" has considerable appeal for two audiences that don't always go for the same things, the dance audience and the Broadway audience. "It reminds me of the end of the Cold War, when dance did so much to bring the East and the West together," he said. "This show breaks down barriers."
This unfamiliarity didn't worry Jagger or Stewart. "The idea was to get them into a room and see what you get cooperating as writing and playing," said Jagger. Augmented with a backing band that mostly featured a Jamaican rhythm section, the five felt free to, according to Jagger, "put whatever we wanted on top of it."
It's not clear who built the bomb, but, because of its sophistication and its similarity to the Christmas bomb, counterterrorism officials suspected it was the work of master bomb- maker Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri or one of his protégés. Al-Asiri constructed the first underwear bomb and two other devices that al-Qaeda built into printer cartridges and shipped to the U.S. on cargo planes in 2010.
Bock and Mike Steinharter of CT Consultants – the city's engineering firm – offering clarifying remarks.
Notes: Jewsbury will be facing his former team. The Timbers acquired Jewsbury from Kansas City in a trade March 1. Jewsbury said he will play despite a tender left hamstring. …Timbers have lost four of their last five games. …Kansas City has won three of its last four games and is currently riding a seven-game undefeated streak. …Kansas City has allowed four goals in the past eight games.
"We've got Kansas City to worry about. We can't worry about the hot seat or anything like that. We have to go finish these last five games, and whatever happens within this organization, it is what it is," Haggan said.
$20, Harmony Books, 200 pages
Ramirez calls up a map marked by a cluster of red dots that resembles a measles outbreak. For good reason, contagion comes to mind.
But McMahon Food withdrew its request to remain certified as woman-owned business by the Cook County Office of Contract Compliance on Feb. 15 after the Sun-Times questioned the company's lawyers about whether Frank McMahon or his daughter, Bridget McMahon Healy, runs the company.
"My parents were from a Cantonese village, so I just remember these things."
The considerable charm of what might otherwise be a tedious post-colonial history lesson lies with José, a character whose appeal grows as he meanders through a wry, wistful, occasionally bitter chronicle of a century of violent, convoluted Colombian history.
Three men entered a Liberty Avenue gas station convenience store around 3 a.m. and demanded money from the cashier at gunpoint, according to the release. When the employee refused, he was struck in the head with a gun.
Bryan Harsin first noticed it when he was recruiting Kellen Moore, a blue binder about 4 inches thick filled with sheets upon sheets of football plays.
"After so much hard work, I felt like the floor was just ripped out from under my feet. All I could think was, 'What did I do wrong?'"
Iacono was arrested Feb. 11, 2011 by Hoboken police while he was driving a Paramus-owned vehicle. He was fired the next day by Passaic Mayor Alex D. Blanco.
"What I will remember about my time with the Broncos was the welcome I received," Dawkins said. "It was not a particular game. It was not a play or anything. The way I was received even though I was up there in age is something I will always remember and appreciate."
"I left out specifics about when my parents' marriage was falling apart. I left out the specifics of my own divorce because I have four children with that guy and I didn't think it was respectful to the kids," she says. "It's complicated, and I wanted to do it with respect."
Brut rosé is the pink sparkler of choice in Champagne -- blanc de noirs is rarely made. In the United States, it's just the opposite -- more blanc de noirs is produced than brut rosé, perhaps due to the association of pink color with sweetness (think white Zinfandel).
For now, Smith's agenda at City Hall is modest. She wants to make sure Wood Village maintains its small-town feel. She wants to continue the success of the town's big events, including its massive Easter egg hunt. She wants more trees and the continued maintenance of Donald L. Robertson Park.
Roberts said the court would consider only concerns over state-versus-federal power, not civil rights issues that are the subject of other lawsuits.
Still, the overall result isn't particularly effective. Paine is such a cheerleader for the electric car, he tends to gloss over things like the high cost of buying the vehicles or a battery life that's reportedly limited. Smug narration by Tim Robbins doesn't help, as the actor is forced to deliver such portentous statements as "sometimes success is the best reward" like a second-string James Earl Jones.
I didn't see Kenjon Barner or Josh Huff, who have had lower leg issues. leave practice. Kelly wouldn't say how much either participated.
Fans don't generally get to know superstar athletes, so you'll just have to take my word for it: Rivera is good guy who has been a tremendous credit to the game, even as he has frustrated the Orioles and every other major league team with his amazing arm and steely confidence.
Here are some of the best events for drinking during the school year.
The score was tied at 3 2:42 into the second period, but Sam Woodruff scored an unassisted goal that put Goucher ahead to stay.
Sample wasn't much of a factor in the first half. Crystal City led 14-13 after one quarter and 29-24 at halftime. Blink-quick Stacey Thornton steered the Hornets to a lead as Scott City kept Sample at bay.
510 SHOREWOOD CT #43 $319,000
The last time the Giants and 49ers faced each other in the playoffs - well, OK, I think all Big Blue fans know what happened there. Before this season, that gut-wrenching 24-point collapse on Jan. 5, 2003 was the last time San Francisco had won a playoff game. 49ers 39, Giants 38.
She said they raped her and fled.
At a hearing Tuesday, the prosecutor tried to persuade a judge not to make it easier for Peterson to get out of jail pending trial. But Peterson’s attorney, Scott Raivio, argued her bail should be reduced. His arguments were supported by a Close Street Supervision deputy, who noted Peterson has strong family support and had been attending mental-health counseling three times a week before she was booked in jail.
The normally hard-charging Ramsay says it's one thing to put himself on the line or bark at contestants who willingly sign up for the abuse they've got coming on Ramsay's other Fox reality show, "Hell's Kitchen."
The disclosure that a senior Goldman banker was under investigation was made last week in a New York court by a lawyer for Rajat K. Gupta, the highest-ranking corporate figure implicated in the government's long-running crackdown on insider trading. That banker was not named at the proceeding.
"There's plenty of competition out there that will be very excited to take their business, and AT&T will be one of them," he said.
-- Oregon pole vaulter Colin Witter-Tilton had a pole snap, and it struck him in the face. The injury, while apparently not serious, kept him from advancing.
"I can't comment," Tallman said. "That's routine during this kind of investigation."
"For me, I really wanted to experience the entire thing," she said. "I wanted to experience the pain of bringing a child into this world."
• Tom Kensler, Denver Post: CU freshman Damiene Cain ready for debut vs. Fresno State: A 6-foot-7, 240-pounder, Cain was rated a national top-150 recruit when he signed with the Buffaloes in November 2010, prior to his senior season at Harvard Westlake High School in North Hollywood, Calif. But early this fall, five weeks before fall camp began, Cain informed CU coach Tad Boyle that he had decided to quit basketball and concentrate on academics. Cain had a change of heart and asked to rejoin the team in early November. He has been practicing with the Buffs (4-3) and dressed for games but did not play.
"He has the physical ability of someone 16 going on 25," Jeff Champ said. "We've just been waiting for his maturity level to catch up."
I am saying "no way" -- she meddles, trash talks and complains too much. (His mother, long gone, would readily say, "Don't invite her!")
Hughes, 43, agrees. "I just don't believe Dianne Feinstein is aware of the struggles we go through in California," said Hughes, who casts himself as this race's breakout grass-roots conservative.
Asked if he would coach again, Tressel said, "I hope so. I'm taking it one day at a time."
The bar will be hosting a viewing party for the World Boxing Association super welterweight title bout from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas this Saturday, May 5, starting at 9 p.m.
And White isn't finished. He still hopes to repeat as state champion in the 3,200, would like to compete for a state title in the 1,600 and help lead Festus to another top six finish at state as a team. The Tigers finished sixth as a team last year.
Mount de Sales. 1 0 10000. -- 2 3 4
The city also has an array of cannabis-related businesses, particularly in a section of downtown known as Oaksterdam. The city's pot identity is something the expo's promoters, as well as locals, want to tout.
Yost, who faces Democrat David Pepper, a Hamilton County commissioner, offered a similar defense, arguing the completion date doesn't matter.
As a three-sport standout at Wilde Lake High School from 2004 to 2007, Zach Brown stood head and shoulders above the competition. As a senior he rushed for more than 1,500 yards and 20 touchdowns, was a state champion sprinter in outdoor track and was an undefeated state champion wrestler.
The youngster was at the center of a recent dispute between his parents and a local supermarket that refused to spell out his name on a cake for his birthday party last weekend. A story in a local newspaper prompted an outpouring of angry online responses directed at Heath Campbell, 35, and his wife Deborah, 25.
L.G. Jones
The city of Avon introduced CodeRED to keep its citizens informed about dangerous situations within the community. Residents can opt to receive alerts about severe weather, including tornadoes and storms.
Both bills passed votes in Transportation committees Tuesday and could make their way to the floor in the next couple of weeks.
In the final minute of the second period, Elliott preserved the two-goal cushion with a leg save on a wraparound attempt by Logan Couture.
Valastro and his brother-in-law, Joe Faugno, waded through the throng of fans outside the restaurant to bring in a large single-layer cake topped with a Jersey Shore scene with a statuette that appeared to resemble Snooki.
Leroy Taylor, 66, who lives 25 miles up the Garden Highway, said he's been homeless by choice since 1980. "I draw my VA (Veterans Administration) benefits and Social Security, and make my child support," Taylor said. "I got a flashlight, which I've needed, and a sleeping bag and some nice jackets."
Gisgie Gendreau, of the Secretary of State's office, said it the question was added as part of Secretary of State Ruth Johnson<U+0092>s continuing efforts to <U+0093>ensure secure and fair elections.<U+0094>
Cabbage, that pungent, homely, cheap brassica, is associated with cold-weather cooking — Northern European, Korean and Chinese cuisine offer a multitude of hearty recipes featuring stuffed, creamed, stir-fried and preserved cabbage. But it's also a staple of Mexican food. Repollo, as it's known, is a key ingredient in broth-based Mexican soups, and as a filling for tacos and enchiladas.
The Aurora school issued a statement saying it couldn't discuss the case, but referred to a school board policy that defines sexual harassment as any unwelcome sexual advance. There is no age limit.
Moreover, it continues, they cannot "authorize the expenditure of any assets… to fund any such contest or challenge, including but not limited to expenses related to litigation."
Under Christie’s plan, ill workers would have to take days off from sick time already accumulated, reducing their payouts when they retire. Sweeney’s proposal has no such provision.
It can start on two fronts. Let's not forget that the Academy's members are among the industry's most influential producers, directors, writers, performers, composers and designers. The executive branch — which at 98% white is the Academy's least integrated group, beating out the writers branch by a smidgen — includes the studio heads and production executives who actually get movies made. They don't have to wait for the industry to change. It's in their hands to change it.
Springsteen and the band will spend most of this year on the road, rocking arenas and stadiums. And it’s a pretty good bet that — 40 years after the formation of the E Street Band — these will be long shows, celebratory shows. Wild and, in some ways, innocent shows that will remind you why you fell in love with rock ’n’ roll in the first place — and how these guys became legends.
Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller says he wants a "modification" to a budget deal that General Assembly conferees signed hours before the legislative session ended in confusion last week.
On Amazon.com, which offers new and used versions of the product, there's a compilation of 136 customer reviews, ranging from highly positive to scathingly negative.
And they rounded up 100 willing souls, who will gather at MacLeod's Sonoma County winery in early May.
Less than a minute after Bergman put the Tigers up, Eileen Koppy was able to tie the game when she scored on a free kick from Kate Campbell.
This Tony-winning musical takes a real-life event as its point of departure: what happened when Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins accidentally came together in a Memphis recording studio in 1956? Through May. 6. $20-$82.50. Segerstrom Hall, Segerstrom Center for the Arts, 600 Town Center Drive, Costa Mesa. 714-556-2787
So he started researching. What he found was that the jerky market was a $4 billion dollar industry dominated by three or four players. He figured there was definitely room for him in the field.
EXILE FROM WRXP
SB 1070 goes into effect July 29. It makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally. Under the law, an officer engaged in a lawful stop, detention or arrest shall, when practicable, ask about a person's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the country illegally.
Gennaco is being paid $260 an hour plus expenses; his consultants bill the city at $230 an hour.
No. 1: Ball was hit into sand trap that was partially filled with casual water. There was enough of the sand trap to place the ball in the trap no closer to the hole and hit, but the golfer opted to hit from behind the bunker, on the grass with no penalty stroke. Was this correct?
A 28-year-old northwest suburban woman apparently purchased a Mega Millions lottery ticket just a few minutes after the drawing for the $656 million jackpot a month ago, playing the winning numbers that had been drawn in that game, then claimed to be a winner in that record-setting jackpot, authorities said.
PROJECTS Caltrans has committed to making much-needed aesthetic improvements to Beach Boulevard. Presently, Caltrans is removing the mulch in the parkway areas and replacing it with artificial turf.
One student said his elementary school days were the best of his life. Another wondered aloud whether choosing the boy would be paying a kindness forward.
"We still have one tree <U+0096> a Rhode Island Green <U+0096> that was here when we started," Larsen said. "It's huge and still growing strong."
The story’s improbable at best, and the characters are inconsistent. (The mildest man suddenly turns out to be a trained killer; the bad guys may or may not shoot you in cold blood, depending on their mood.) It’s mostly just chases, fistfights and gun battles, interrupted by the occasional double cross.
Mann said city officials told Evers that his Collinsville pharmacy was in tax-increment finance district, a type of development designation meant to finance rehab projects. He said the city "would be happy to entertain" using the money on Evers Pharmacy, but Evers never approached them.
Nearly 9,000 people a day are touring Hawaii Volcanoes National Park on average this year, a 2.5% increase over last year, when the volcano's 25-year eruption was much more peaceful, said Cindy Orlando, the park's superintendent.
They had each previously lived in the United States but had gone back to Finland and met there. Their return to America would be their honeymoon. They were married in January. They originally planned to sail on the Mauretania, but changed their passage to the Titanic. They boarded in Southampton, England, as third-class passengers.
The EPA asked the Fisheries Service to assess 37 pesticides, herbicides and fungicides for possible harm to fish. Today's ruling involved the first three. Rulings on the rest will come during the next 3 1/2 years.
The fries are served with all sandwiches, notably a sizable, meaty burger buried in grilled onions and cole slaw -- with optional additions from a fried egg to chicken liver mousse.
The former Norco High standout has been on campus for three months and is concluding five weeks of spring workouts. Starr has worked as the No. 2 middle linebacker behind Lamar Dawson.
Count me among those who are thinking the Trail Blazers will do something before Thursday's trade deadline.
A. It is taxing physically, but it's more taxing emotionally, which is why it's so much fun.
Lewis' attorneys pointed out that the youth leader was a sports coach and that none of the video scenarios warned boys that a Scouting volunteer may pose a risk.
Mostly, however, mothers and grandmothers shared memories of child rearing, and laughter found its voice. Maternal pride in her child's accomplishments twinkled in the eye of every speaker, and frankly, I found myself missing my own deceased mother. Even at my age, it would be lovely to bask in her pride again.
Southwest Airlines canceled all of its flights in and out of Lambert on Saturday.
Jill Ambrose, chief marketing officer of CourseSmart LLC, a joint venture of five leading education publishers that offers digitized course material, said it was likely that relatively few high school students today own an iPad because of the cost.
The Sun is correct in its editorial "Santorum and 'phony theology'" (Feb. 21). Rick Santorum is wrong and counter to Catholic teaching about the environment.
Knowledge Networks used traditional telephone and mail sampling methods to randomly recruit respondents. People selected who had no Internet access were given it for free.
But questions are bound to arise when you have a high-profile couple, reportedly with substantial assets, and the information is being kept under wraps, legal experts say.
“You see that, boys?” I said. “You see where the light disappears? That’s the Grand Canyon.”
cheesecakes from Missouri Baking that had a layer of pineapple on the bottom, between the dough and the cheese filling. This would probably have been in the early '50s," wrote Karen Naeger. "The dough was a little soggy, which may be why they don't make it anymore. A lady with whom I spoke at the bakery doesn't remember these, but I do, very vividly."
The Buffalo crash has turned a spotlight on safety at regional airlines, which often hire pilots with significantly less experience and pay them lower salaries than major airlines.
Meanwhile, at King's Landing, Tyrion and Cersei Lannister were continuing their feud. When Myrcella is sent off to Dorne, Cersei tells her younger brother: "I want you to know what it's like to love someone, to truly love someone, before I take her from you."
Personally speaking, the people I've friended on Facebook are either friends I already knew beforehand, or people who are already aware of me (or vice versa) through other professional or personal circles. In which case the "weak tie" of social media depends on a "strong tie" elsewhere.
"May a great musical pioneer rest in peace. Our prayers go out to his family, as his hip hop family mourns our loss and celebrates his life." - Jay-Z
In 2010, the county ranked second in the state in tourism growth with an increase of 5.84 percent, far exceeding the average state increase of 0.84 percent that year, according to the New Jersey Tourism Economic Impact Study, conducted by Vantage Strategy, Inc.
"This is the first time this is being done in the state," said Paul Krutko, president and CEO of Ann Arbor SPARK, an economic-development agency that helped broker the deal. "It's a new way to approach economic development."
The company responded to complaints of seagulls flocking to the site by hiring a falconer. The move appears to have worked, regulators say.
"Apple is actually pretty good at this," says Litman, the law school professor. "It's able to skate pretty close to the generics line while making it very clear the name is a trademark of the Apple version of this general category."
"I think you could see her tenacity and resiliency all the way back in high school," Wilma says. "There would be people who wondered if she'd make it through but here she stands. Scott and the other coaches not giving up on her has helped her rise."
6. The Airedale terrier takes its name from the region in the valley of the River Aire in what country?
Here, prosecutors have been formally brought into the process only if the department decides on its own that a law was broken.
Here, sales rose 11.8 percent from 2010 to 2011, according to Smart Numbers, a Marietta real estate tracking firm. But average prices are down from $135,000 to $115,000 in that period.
A formal announcement that he is suspending the campaign, coupled with an endorsement for Mitt Romney, is on the calendar for Wednesday.
While some history buffs were horrified to learn last week that cash-strapped Baltimore is considering the sale or lease of 15 other historic properties — prompting fears that "For Sale By Owner" signs would sprout on such icons as the Shot Tower and the War Memorial Building — preservationists say that, increasingly, this is what cities and states must do to save them.
"Local, state and federal law enforcement agencies are working together to target drug dealers whose criminal organizations foment violence," U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein said in a statement. "Federal drug and tax charges will keep Steven Blackwell in prison for two decades and make the streets of Baltimore more safe."
On Monday, ODOT plans to take equipment to the Bear Camp Coastal Route, formerly known as Bear Camp Road. Numerous people have become lost or stranded in past years, including James Kim who died there nearly three years ago.
A Hucks station off Highway 50 in Caseyville was selling at $3.20 per gallon of regular unleaded. In Belleville, the price at
After a standing ovation for Nelson, APG's incoming organizations were recognized and their flags were brought up on stage to join the colors of the other organizations already on post.
The poll included questions about the LAPD, the city agency most changed after the riots. Responses underscored general goodwill for the department but also highlighted shifting opinions.
"But to the rest of the family, having him home means so much," said his wife, Rachael Crisamore.
Covanta has agreed to accept the drugs and destroy them, as it does in other states. The process is approved by the state Department of Environmental Protection, Chiesa said.
And Makenna Kirkpatrick, 5, was on St. Louis Synergy's tots team, dressed as a Disney princess and taking second place.
“Yes. That would be the the feeling,” veteran Patrik Elias said. “We would feel pretty confident going back home after getting two games here. We believe that we can win both games at home, although they played us pretty well there during the regular season.”
Newly retired Fire Commissioner Robert Hoff said he was "deathly against" closing fire houses or reducing the minimum staffing requirement on fire apparatus - the issue that triggered the bitter 1980 firefighters strike.
(Writing by Tony Jimenez in London; editing by Mark Meadows)
The section of Kirk's skull was reattached in a third operation Feb. 7. Within days, he was moved to the rehabilitation institute.
Young made the comments this morning as she and her ex-husband, Kaine Horman, Kyron's father, did a round of interviews with network TV shows to keep the boy's plight before the public.
And that's exactly what they're talking about up in Marquette County, where the issue was raised at the last Marquette County Board of Commissioners meeting and quickly spread via several U.P. media outlets.
ELEC denied his request, saying criminal defense costs do not count as regular expenses of a public officeholder.
Several hundred spectators looked on quietly, with many snapping photos and nodding their approval of the historical accuracy of Saturday's re-enactment of the Camp Jackson Affair.
Seal's anger was reason Klum
Q: How did you get the idea for the designs both this year and last?
Hogan met twice with Jiaras to discuss "effective organizational governance and management," Hardy said. Topics included how to work successfully with faculty, administrators and other key groups.
"I've certainly had people, as recently as this past Saturday, say they're going to work hard against me" in the next election, Kittleman said.
Meanwhile, President Obama, as the unchallenged Democratic nominee for re-election, can stand aside, watching the Republican hopefuls highlight each other's political vulnerabilities in both debates and paid advertising. Not content with this role as spectator to the carnage in the opposition camp, Mr. Obama has decided to encourage Democatic participation the mad money chase of corporate and other "unaffiliated" political action committees polluting the airwaves with their ads, and hence the election process itself.
"If you talk to Catholic school principals," he said, "they'll tell you that it is one more, if you will, stick in the eye, that the non-public school community has received from the state of Illinois."
Meanwhile, the Rais are paying $550 a month, plus utilities, as they adapt to a new culture.
But next Tuesday's election is surely the most tracked race in history, and literally tens of thousands of voters across the country are being polled every day, with extra attention paid to swing states. A stealth victory seems unlikely, although there remains a question as to whether a Bradley-Wilder effect has distorted the polling numbers.
The 17-year-old boy was in the back of a house around 4 p.m. in the 700 block of East Sibley Road when the truck plowed through the kitchen at the front of the home, causing major damage, Dolton Fire Department Chief Jerry McCullough said.
While there's no shortcut through grief -- this is the death of your nuclear family, after all -- there are things you can do to clarify your sense of purpose, which will keep you on the recovery path.
Fortune Brands was incorporated in 1985 but has its roots in the 19th century American Tobacco Co., which acquired a variety of businesses over the years. It had sold off its tobacco businesses by 1997.
Added Shelley Duncan, "I feel confident that whatever mistakes were made, and I don't know what they were, won't be repeated."
It was a pressure situation for all three when Baffert and Garcia met before Garcia went into the jocks room to change into his colors.
And you know what? Manning has a lot of those qualities. They may not all be in evidence this weekend, which looks like another one of those preordained, 34-24 deals again.
The economic upside
A personal matter?
Zubrus grabbed the go-ahead goal late in the second period and added an empty-netter in the final seconds.
"Next year Barack Obama is on the ballot," Frost said. "John Kasich is not."
Another customer who came in last week was Bobbie Bayme, 74, a retiree from Waterloo. "I like their soup and like their food. I like that it's quiet," she said.
"Mail order saved us (during the recession)," Hayes said. "Our customers are plant geeks. They know we'll have what they want."
Haggan was found to have an active warrant for his arrest issued out of East Amwell Township Municipal Court ($250 bail). He was also found to be a fugitive from justice out of Northampton County, Pa., police said.
The directive from Providence Bank, which foreclosed on the strip mall's landlord, has spurred a scramble by the businesses to find new locations. Providence's president, Brett Burri, said the bank was trying to work with the tenants.
Kyle Kalis, OT, Michigan. He has an NFL bloodline (his father, Todd, played seven years in the league), plus the mean streak and the physical ability to be a tackle an NFL team can bank on. He’ll become even more attractive after playing in Michigan’s power game.
926 Simmons Av, $446,000
"The safety and security of the children we transport to and from school each day is First Student's core value," the company said in a statement released Thursday. "First Student is cooperating with local authorities on the investigation. This particular employee was hired as a bus driver in October 2007. The employee was terminated on February 2010 for reasons not relating to this matter."
Indians 6, White Sox 3 - Carlos Santana hit a three-run homer and Travis Hafner added a two-run shot to lead visiting Cleveland.
WASHINGTON -- A handful of economic reports released today raised hopes for an improving job market with fewer layoffs and more hiring.
The way he thinks is understandable. That’s the reputation UCF fights. When people say “big school,” it’s not the size of the student body they are talking about.
The mayor said that the project represents not only "another milestone in the progress for Park Heights" but also fits into her vision of attracting 10,000 families to Baltimore in the next decade, by making the long-blighted community "one of the greenest and healthiest parts of the city."
Businesses have generated an average of just 82,000 net jobs each month over the past year. That's fewer than half the number a strong economy would be expected to generate. It's why so many unemployed people have been left stranded, unable for many months to land jobs.
If you love brined meat, a frozen and non-injected turkey is the way to go - at least according to our tasters who liked the O Organics entry best.
Harris said Elliott is scheduled to go up against Grandview's Dapo Akinmoladun during the KU Relays on Saturday. Elliott beat Akinmoladun by one-hundreth of a second in the 110 state final last year, and Akinmoladun came back to edge Elliott in the 300-hurdles.
Credit the Coyotes with shutting down the Hawks' top scorers. Coach Dave Tippett's defensive style of play has limited time and space throughout the series, and when the chances have been there, goaltender Mike Smith has come up big.
Through Tuesday
Sabathia also left a runner on third in the seventh, when Mike Moustakas doubled leading off and Chris Getz delivered a base hit. Escobar grounded into a double play to end that inning.
"Dan thought it would be fun to ride tandem. I said there's no way, mostly because of the control issue," Chess said. But they went ahead and bought a used bike on Craigslist, and indeed, the first couple of rides, "she hated it," Hertlein chimed in. "She was bored to death."
DETROIT, Mich. -- Honda took the wraps off of its 2012 Civic Monday, a car that goes on sale within a few months.
(05-01) 16:49 PDT WASHINGTON, (AP) --
The report also called for new rules for data brokers, including legislation to give consumers access to information about them collected by those companies.
They had even received a note, taped to the front door that read: "This is my country. Go back to yours, terrorist."
<U+0093>The plaintiff's claims are completely false,<U+0094> the statement read, <U+0093>and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves.<U+0094>
"They should have issued proper guidelines that disallowed members from running around with guns," Bergemann said. ".... If the Martin family brings a wrongful-death lawsuit, more or less I think the association will be on the hook."
The city also ought to have a formal matching donation program. If a neighborhood association raises a significant sum <U+0096> say at least half the $100,000 it costs to run a city pool for a year <U+0096> the city should come up with the rest.
He also announced a new lending initiative involving 13 large banks that have agreed to increase small-business lending by a combined $20 billion over the next three years.
The Blazers (17-16) established a new record for futility during the defeat, opening the game with just seven first-quarter points -- yes, seven. It was the fewest first-quarter points in franchise history and it allowed the Lakers to build an insurmountable lead.
Expanding early childhood education is not in the budget but will be funded separately, he said.
Woodworth's father farmed with Lyndel Robertson.
"It's been tremendous, the response, since he's been here, and it really continues to this day," co-owner Nizam Ali said.
Sepp said about 75 House members do not send franked mailers, and another 75 send an extraordinary amount. For the rest, he estimated that the average member spent a little under $100,000 annually for postage and handling costs associated with the mail.
The two men expected to generate income by posting online videos of the games and charging subscriptions to view them, the state said. The league staged 16 games last year, featuring 88 flag-football players on teams such as the Seattle Emeralds, Boise Wildfire and Portland Tsunami.
The Clippers led by 13 points in the second quarter, went down by eight in the third and then roared back for a six-point lead with 23 seconds left.
"Believe me, this is not Baltimore County versus Howard County," he said. "We were following our own schedule and our own protocol. We had our interview schedule set up a long time ago, because we had candidates coming in from all over the place."
"I haven't been good about putting up a quick inning of zeros and getting us back in the dugout," Danks said. "Between that and the walks, I've got to get it right.
Reassigned officers will not lead to a reduction of the number police on patrol, DeMaio said.
Goals— WW-PN: Biletta; A: Wojcik 2, McNutt 2, Blazier, Pepe, Kwietniak; Assists— WW-PN: Bush; A: Kwietniak, McNutt 2, Pepe, Blazier, Wojcik. Saves— WW-PN: Corbett 2, Olsson 4; A: O’Leary 6.
PetFix Northeast Ohio slashed its cat-neuter fees last month to encourage low-income cat owners and the caretakers of stray cats to get them sterilized before breeding season.
The Spread, a 400-seat buffet on the casino's base level -- the former Higbee Co. basement -- will offer an entirely different mealtime.
Dec. 22: "The Spirit of Kwanzaa," Illstyle & Peace Productions
Wednesday night is expected to be cloudy, with a low around 57 and northwest winds around 7 miles per hour. There is a 60 percent chance of precipitation.
Value-added has many critics who consider it unreliable and a narrow gauge of performance. It looks, in this instance, only at math and English scores, and it ignores many other factors that parents consider when choosing a school. Most of the controversy over value-added, however, has centered on whether it should be used to assess individual teachers, not schools.
It started shortly before 5 p.m. on Monday, July 21, 1919, Krist writes, when a blimp, the Wingfoot Express, exploded while on a test-run 1,200 feet above the Loop. Down came a cascade of burning debris, straight through the skylight of the Illinois Trust Building, into an office filled with clerks and typists. Thirteen people were killed, four aboard the blimp, nine sitting at their desks. Thus began "an appalling series of trials that would push the entire city to the edge of civic disintegration," Krist he argues.
I liked theCareerBuilder.comad with the harried office worker and the chimpanzees. And I'm a sucker for the e-Trade babies, although this one yesterday wasn't as edgy and fun as the first two incarnations. And the Bud Light rescue dog Weego was OK, although it went on too long.
I mounted the same camera and lens on a tripod to shoot video of the bird.
Finally, there is some concern about whether the city is even in the position to start up its own recycling program. As part of the agreement on provision of $22 million in aid to the city, the state Department of Community Affairs has oversight of Trenton’s hiring and spending.
Corporations that provide in-kind services can also receive the goodies donors crave: hotel rooms and convention passes.
Breen faced a similar situation last year when Ruler On Ice didn't make the Derby cut because he lacked sufficient graded stakes earnings. Denied the Derby, Ruler On Ice captured the Belmont Stakes five weeks later.
16 PORTA DR $120,000
“This” movie is “We Bought a Zoo,” opening Friday, and it’s the story of a still-grieving widower who decides to move his family out to the country and take over a slightly shabby menagerie. Matt Damon is the star, Johansson plays the head zookeeper, and it features lots of cute animals and a gently upbeat message.
MICKELSON WELL BACK: Phil Mickelson has finished in the top 50 in eight of the nine tournaments he's played this season and there's a good chance he'll add to that number Sunday.
Speaking of the long run, Elliott could see extended time in net depending on the recovery of Halak. With the two sharing the role in the regular season, the longest stretch of consecutive games played by Elliott was five, back in October. Hitchcock, however, doesn't see a problem with Elliott flying solo for the time being.
K&L Wine Merchants, 638 Fourth St. (near Bluxome); (415) 896-1734. klwines.com. Open daily.
Maryland will get nearly $10,000 as part of a national settlement involving kickbacks to doctors to encourage them to implant pacemakers and implantable cardioverter defibrillators in patients, Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler announced Thursday.
If you or someone you love experiences any of the warning signs of a stroke, don't wait - call 911 and get to a hospital right away. Hospitals that are accredited as primary stroke centers have 24-hour emergency stroke care.
There's not much of the unexpected on the menu, but Yum feels somehow necessary, and the curving bright red sign with its raised yellow lettering sign is awesome.
International Flavors and Fragrances is a long-time manufacturer of flavors and fragrances used in a wide variety of consumer products, including perfumes and beauty care, detergents and household goods, as well as beverages, confectionery and food products; it has 5,500 employees working in 33 countries worldwide, its website states.
In addition to the memorabilia Pryor sold after his freshman season, which led to a five-game suspension from the NCAA, word came from ESPN's Outside the Lines on Tuesday night, after Pryor's statement, that the quarterback is alleged to have received between $20,000 and $40,000 from signing memorabilia, according to a former friend who witnessed it. Pryor allegedly received $500 to $1,000 at a time from a freelance photographer for signing mini-helmets and other items.
He said Li, who was a research chemist in the Lawrenceville office of Bristol-Myers Squib, had access to thallium at work, but he would not comment on whether or not that's where she may have allegedly obtained it.
Anthony Cordasco, 38, of Parsippany, said he voted for the budget to preserve the quality of the schools. "I think our governor was irresponsible in his comment urging people to vote no. Individual communities should take their own local needs into consideration," Cordasco said.
"Chen Guangcheng is currently being treated in hospital. As a Chinese citizen, if he wants to study abroad he can go through the normal channels to the relevant departments and complete the formalities in accordance with the law like other Chinese citizens," the statement said without elaborating. At a later briefing spokesman Liu Weimin declined to elaborate.
In the two years since, Thomas has adjusted library hours, weathered budget cuts without layoffs and planned a roughly $13 million remake of the downtown flagship, mostly through grants and gifts.
In the finals, Harrison opened up a 7-2 lead off of a few big kills from Carlos Gutierrez and a block from Varinder Singh.
China's surge has been fueled by low wages, lax environmental standards and almost nonexistent unions or government regulation. That has made it a convenient whipping boy for American politicians, especially here in the industrial heartland, where the manufacturing base has seemed to erode in step with China's rise.
“It’s a great experience for kids who haven’t been there, for the kids to see how our city legislature works,” Boys High assistant track & field coach James Johnson said. “They were amazed and awed with how the format was.”
There are other types of grinders these days, all of which can also be used to make (and stuff) sausage; some attach to electric mixers, others are electric versions of the century-old model.
The Commerce Department said that new orders slumped 1.5 percent, falling $7.1 billion to $460.5 billion, after growing 1.1 percent in February. That's the steepest drop since March 2009.
"The endangered species in Washington is the moderate, in both the House and the Senate. It's been tough on moderates for the last two decades," said James Thurber, who heads American University's Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies in Washington.
prepared for Nike-sponsored schools in addition to the Ducks.
The issue became contentious in June, when Christie used his line-item veto to strip all but $10 million from the fund after Democrats removed a clause in the budget that allocated 1 percent of the total for oversight.
* Clarklewis got a shoutout, as Hank and Wu met for a drink. And a looming plot complication arose as that evil blonde Hexenbiest turned out to be there and invited Hank to have dinner with her. Uh, oh.
The Harris campaign was busy Friday filing a complaint of its own: It seized on a Chronicle story that detailed how Cooley has failed to report thousands of dollars worth of gifts over the past seven years. Her campaign - which provided the documents to The Chronicle - filed a complaint late Thursday with the Fair Political Practices Commission asking the agency to levy fines against the Republican district attorney.
"The thing that bothers me the most is most everybody in our complex has gone home, and they all know all about the car, because that's all I've talked about," Eugene said.
9. Portland Timbers: Two late goals Impact club's psyche: "I don't think we played well at all," coach John Spencer says. "I think that the field was very poor, and it matched with our performance."
What's needed is some less inflammatory language and confrontation and some more dialogue and quiet reflection. The federal government has an important role to play in promoting public health and the greater good. The church leadership has a right to its beliefs.
Since 1999, the number of annual trips on TriMet's buses and rail has grown from 76.9 million to 101.4 million last year.
Hemy Neuman's lawyers filed notice Friday their client will plead not guilty by reason of insanity, acknowledging he in fact shot and killed Rusty Sneiderman outside a Dunwoody day care facility last November.
With love and overflow of gratitude for your prayers, we thank you."
Woodworth's lawyer asked the Supreme Court to release him on bail while justices decide how to proceed. The petition notes that Woodworth has a clean conduct record at Crossroads Correctional Center in Cameron, save for one minor infraction.
Assistant Cook County State's Attorney Ericka Graunke said Burton admitted to police that she had stabbed the victim. Burton also was identified by her daughter and her daughter's friend, who witnessed the alleged attack, Graunke said.
(04-30) 23:11 PDT SAN DIEGO (AP) --
No NBA team has ever come back from a 3-0 deficit to win a playoff series.
Beyond the NCAA hearing is the outside notion that Tressel won't make it to August, that the 10-year coach would resign or be fired before that point. There is a possibility that Ohio State could face more severe sanctions with Tressel still at the school, a potential reason to let him go. But Ohio State hasn't learned any new information about the investigation since OSU President Gordon Gee and Athletic Director Gene Smith backed Tressel at a news conference on March 8.
LaHood, an Illinois Republican known for his diplomatic touch, contends Christie is misleading people when he says unexpected cost overruns led him to cancel the tunnel — a massive public works project 20 years in the making that would have doubled train capacity to Manhattan.
"I admire him so much," said Collins. "He's one of the bright lights in the NBA."
6. A fun trivial nugget from Post-Dispatch multitasker Tom
"I am very, very concerned that we are not going to be able to control this," said O'Mara, speaking at the televised hearing by phone. "I'm very, very concerned this is going to be more problematic as months go forward."
Kravetz’s mother called police to turn her son in after authorities released a flier with her photo and her son’s photo Saturday, according to the Seattle Times.
Details: 7607 E. McDowell Road, Scottsdale. 480-990-2253. Also, 2940 E. Thomas Road, Phoenix. 602-522-0659, glutenfreecreations.com.
"Bones: The Complete Sixth Season": Emily Deschanel stars in the Fox TV series.
JERSEY CITY PARTICIPATES IN JERSEY CARES COAT DRIVE
Parking - St. Ferdinand Park and Sunset Park.
For a time, Touboul said, she worked as a nurse at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center in Phoenix. County records show she lived in at least four Phoenix homes before purchasing one in Wittmann in 1999.
"We deal with issues sometimes where we have nowhere else to go," he said.
Trailed at Half, 21-17
10619 Village Of Lavinia Ct, $138,000
ø"They're ready and will do whatever it takes to get back in, if it means having to sit this game or the next game or whatever, as long as we're winning they're OK," Trotz said.
Losing one or two locations would have made sense to him, Spitzer said. But he never imagined losing seven.
A Hoboken man was denying knowledge of a stolen cellphone before it rang in his pocket, police said.
Marietta
Irish banks are on the mend and the Irish government will meet its target to reduce its budget deficit to 8.6% of gross domestic product this year from 9.4% last year, as required by the bailout program, Mr. Noonan said. Ireland will gradually regain full access to international debt markets by the end of next year, Mr. Noonan pledged. "We start getting back to markets this summer," he said.
Short sales and REOs: 59
But anything the Bobcats get from Przybilla and Cunningham is a bonus. The point was getting under the salary cap -- as Bonnell writes, a mediocre team shouldn't be paying luxury tax -- and getting draft picks to build with.
In "Olivia's Birds: Saving the Gulf" (Sterling: $14.95, ages 6-12), 11-year-old Olivia Bouler tells her own story of using her paintings of birds to raise money for the Audubon Society's gulf oil spill recovery program. A beautiful book and potential inspiration for a summer project.
The business cards "gave it an air of officiality,'' Thacker said. "The work we got was to go to certain functions. I was given business cards and we were to take some pictures at the events and pass the pictures along to Mrs. Rubin."
The filing comes a little more than 48 hours before Bashara is scheduled to appear on the <U+0093>Dateline NBC<U+0094> television program that often features true crime tales.
"The governor talked about the new norm, it’s nothing new in Trenton," said Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester). "The new norm is the same old, it’s higher property taxes for the people of New Jersey."
Rescuers set up a triage area to the south, treating the injured and packaging them for transport. A dozen of the students were not hurt.
Companies with ticker symbols A through BF were impacted, the exchange said in a statement Sunday.
1/2 cup warm water (110 to 115 degrees)
“We will try to maintain high standards,” said Rutigliano, who has served as a board member for 27 years. “The challenges are always in front you, especially when the state says there will be less funding next year, and there will be a cap at 2 percent.”
Arianna Vilaneuva: 12th on bars, 8th on beam and 12th all-around with a 33.625.
Acquiring a ready-made platform and products for passenger cars is a key motivation for the investment in Saab, analysts say.
It's not like Menendez has anyone opposing him. November may be a different story. Republican challenger Kyrillos should get big backing from his buddy Gov. Christie but will Big Chris come out firing from both barrels? No one likes to chalk up a loss on their ledger.
That doesn't surprise Ogilvy.
Transportation: Gold Line, Southwest Museum Station; Metro bus No. 81
"Chris and Manny stressed to me at our meeting at the start of camp that the best guy was going to win the job regardless of options," said Canzler. "I felt they were pretty sincere about that. As a player with three options, that's all you can ask for. Hey, if I win the job, let's go win some ballgames together. If not, we'll take it from there."
Mrs. Barnes is survived by her husband, Nelson; sons, Ernest Green of Virginia and Jason Barnes; brother, James Jr. and sister, Charlene. She was preceded in death by her parents, James and Joyce (nee Pycior) Patterson.
As for Marley himself, he was notably shy for most of his life, and he's an elusive presence in the film's relatively few samplings of a limited archive of interview material—at one moment quietly charismatic, at another clearly druggy. (With a wink and a nod at the cannabis cognoscenti, the film is being released—in theaters and via video on demand—on April 20th, which has become a sort of marijuana appreciation day.) "My heart can be hard as stone, yet soft as water," he says at one point, a bit of gnomic self-scrutiny that only hints at the difficulties of pinning him down.
It doesn't happen often, but you know it when you see it. You certainly know it when you are in an arena, and it is roaring to life around you. It transcends sports when it happens and even crosses over the national borders that can play such a role in games. It is something you don't ever forget.
For now, at least publicly, American Airlines is taking the position that it would prefer to remain independent.
The decision to move forward with the new system came after an outside consultant determined that operations would be swamped within a few years without adopting technology that is finding its way into increasing numbers of library systems nationwide.
Thank goodness for St. Stanislaus. They finally beat them. I was hoping Carlson would not be like Rigali or Burke. Hooray for the Polish. How about some Polish polka in front of the cathedral on Lindell? Keep religion out of court. Jesus did not sue the ones in the temple.
If crude prices keep rising, experts say, gasoline prices could hit $4 a gallon across the U.S. this summer.
Though reluctant to spend any more money than some may already have, residents were encouraged to hire licensed professionals for extermination if they find the issue uncontrollable.
The blaze has burned 64 buildings. Fire officials have confirmed that nine of those structures are homes, but that number is expected to rise upon further investigation.
Asked about the lives ruined by prosecutions, Marra said it is something anyone in his job has to put out of their mind.
He's been rotating beer cocktails since then. Instead of making beer the cocktail's signature element, Riley prefers to use it as an extender. His Stillwater Cup — several spirits mixed with a muddle of cucumber and mint and topped by Stillwater Cellar Door Saison – "tries to mirror Stillwater's herbaceousness," he says. The bitters add nuance to the cocktail, and cut the sweetness of the ginger liqueur and the simple syrup. And the juices from the mint and the cucumbers make it remarkably refreshing.
The CR-V's power is just enough for nearly any kind of daily driving you'll encounter. The engine runs smooth and quiet, and the whole experience of driving a CR-V is now a more enjoyable experience. Road and wind noise are less intrusive, and the CR-V's ride is comfortable yet nicely tuned to still transmit to the driver a tangible feel for the road.
The new entity, JobsOhio, would be a more nimble and efficient vehicle for luring businesses to the state and retaining businesses already here. The development department has become sluggish and inefficient in its current structure, Kasich has said.
There are numerous ways to experience Ding Darling, named for the journalist and conservationist who persuaded the federal government to intervene as developers eyed the land 70 years ago. You can drive along 5-mile Wildlife Drive, bike it, walk it or hop aboard a guided tram tour.
Even in the midst of free agency, coach Jeff Fisher would like to get to started on the coaching part of football. But the new collective bargaining agreement has pushed back the start of the offseason program and condensed its duration.
Edwardsville came out strong, taking an 8-0 lead in the first game on a block by Hannah Frierdich.
"We must fully recapture our costs on every flight every day to maintain and improve our earnings performance," CEO Richard Anderson said.
He also concentrated more on his grades for that same reason, even though academics was not his strong suit.
Ford, who left Syria as security conditions worsened, will be in Boston to accept the award. The Denver native, who now lives in Baltimore, remains the U.S. envoy to Syria.
Their independent study asserts that the development of shale gas might create 20,000 jobs over the next four years - not the 200,000 jobs the industry forecast in a study in September, just before Kasich's heralded energy summit.
"Armenia deserves recognition for its electoral reforms and its open and peaceful campaign environment, but, in this race, several stakeholders too often failed to comply with the law and election commissions too often failed to enforce it," Francois-Xavier de Donnea, a member of the Belgian parliament who headed the observer mission from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
UC-Irvine Academic Competitiveness Grant
Once Perry became involved with the RGA, Texas donations to the group rose from an average of 5% of the RGA's total funds between 2003 and 2005 to nearly a 15% average in the past six years. In that time, Perry's state donors gave the RGA $24.3 million, according to data provided by the Center for Responsive Politics that was analyzed by Texans for Public Justice.
øJockeys also say that even as they read their horses, they know the horses are reading them back.
U.S. roster
"Bonding bills when they are not large -- it's hard to make a lot of people happy," the chair of the capital investment committee said. "We will live to fight another day but I don't think it's going to be this session."
The cause of the three-alarm fire is under investigation. Authorities don't think it's suspicious. There were storms in the area, and a lightning strike is possible, said Clayton Fire Chief Mark Thorp.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Authorities in Florida were trying to determine today what caused the horrific pileup on Interstate 75 south of Gainesville, where a long line of cars and trucks collided one after another on a dark highway so shrouded in haze and smoke that drivers were blinded.
He and the others who managed to escape the swift-moving fire sought refuge in the only somewhat-safe place around: the Peshtigo River. They stood in the chilly waters for hours until the sea of flames swept away the entire town. In the chaos, the priest was separated from his holy tabernacle.
So much for the Dream Team, eh? A 3-6 start submarined the Eagles’ chances. Injuries to QB Michael Vick and WRs DeSean Jackson and Jeremy Maclin didn’t help. While LeSean McCoy became one of the league’s best RBs, defensive coordinator Juan Castillo became a target. But Castillo has been retained, meaning that the 14th season for Reid might be his last if things don’t work out again.
"The question is whether this is just a PR move by Enterprise to stop the public campaign that's pounding on them," she said.
Gaston, for instance, is an even smaller school district than Banks and has 46 percent of students on free or reduced lunches. But their rate of chronic absenteeism is half that of Banks.
Garcia’s outing bumped his ERA to 9.75. And it may ultimately bump him from the rotation, with Andy Pettitte returning as early as the second week of May.
Filling Luck's shoes will be even more difficult considering the other players Stanford lost to the professional ranks last week. One of last year's most trusted targets, tight end Coby Fleener (34 receptions, 667 yards, 10 touchdowns), will be joining Luck in Indianapolis after being selected with the second pick in the second round.
Antoine Myers loved the idea of learning from one of the game’s best point guards of all time, making his commitment to Isiah Thomas’ Florida International program an easy decision.
The city will need $10 million or more to build starter campuses for Benedictine University and Westminster College. Both agreed this year to open branches in downtown Mesa by fall 2013.
"President Obama once said he wants everybody in America to go to college," Santorum said. "What a snob. There are good, decent men and women who go out and work hard every day and put their skills to test that aren't taught by some liberal college professor that (tries) to indoctrinate them."
Russo also discussed the now-infamous Las Vegas trip he took with Dimora and associates in April 2008.
The trial also revealed that Wyatt did not pull over right away when three Washington State Patrol cars attempted to stop his blue F150 truck. He drove another half- to three-quarters-of-a-mile on Interstate 90, and took the next off-ramp, where he stopped, turned off his engine and held his police badge and car keys out his window. Wyatt explained that he didn't want to hold up traffic on the freeway, and showed his badge so the troopers would know they were not at risk.
At 9:45 a.m. today, as students in Hackettstown returned to class after a warm weekend, a man called Warren County’s Department of Public Safety and made a chilling claim.
Mario Van Peebles wrote and directed this trifle, centered on a mostly black, mostly wealthy high school in LA where interchangeably likable students tease each other, put on concerts and talk about going to college.
WASHINGTON -- Productivity grew in the final quarter of 2010 at the fastest pace in nine months but economists expect a significant slowdown in the growth rate in 2011.
Despicable Me
David Shanks, CEO of Penguin Group (USA) detailed the company's action in a letter sent to agents at the time, saying the books were not available from Amazon as the companies worked to come up with a new pricing agreement in the U.S.
"The Golden Gate Bridge was very close to his heart," Ruth Hanly said. "He was always very proud of that."
"It's still dark at that time," Gao, 41, of Eureka, told Ride last week. "It was lucky. It was Sunday. Not a lot of cars."
Vigil's New Mexican Restaurant, 9080 Spruce Mountain Road, Larkspur: For breakfast, try the tamale scramble, smothered with green chile and cheese. The enchilada torte at night is a fave — three corn tortillas stacked with meat.
Through August
James “Bubba” Castorina, a Rowan senior from Ocean City, said he shaved his head for St. Baldrick’s — for the second year — because he has a friend who was diagnosed with lymphoma at the age of 16 and his grandfather passed away from lung cancer.
Is a wide range of dance styles represented? We have not only ballet, tap and jazz, but also modern, Middle Eastern, Irish, Hawaiian, African fusion, Indian Bollywood - I think I've named them all.
We have to do better. America is the nation that built the transcontinental railroad, brought electricity to rural communities, and constructed the interstate highway system. The jobs created by these projects didn’t just come from laying down tracks or pavement. They came from businesses that opened near a town’s new train station or the new off-ramp.
Director Martin Scorcese's first film suitable for his grandchildren grabbed a leading 11 Oscar nominations, including best picture, though none for acting.
Weiner devotes much time to the sexy party, not just because it's well, sexy. But because in about 20 minutes or so, he's able to convey what surely will be a theme of Season 5: the aforementioned change, the new generation's ways versus the old generation's ways.
Investigators and prosecutors have not named Terri Horman or Spicher as suspects in the case and are going to great lengths to avoid mentioning their names in public. But their actions show investigators remain intently focused on their every move the day Kyron disappeared. Last weekend, they distributed a flier with photos of both women to residents along Northwest Old Germantown Road, seeking any tips on whether the two women, or the Horman truck, were seen in the area between 9:45 a.m. and 1 p.m. on June 4.
Rep. Smith, nobody believes in you outside perhaps your family and close friends, plus maybe your lawyer and a few other folks who distrust any case brought by the federal government.
Meanwhile, the stars of the movie need something to do when they are not working, and they turned up in Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood Monday night.
The list includes four organizations that have canceled events, in addition to more than a dozen other groups that have expressed concerns about the new law.
Williams, who heads the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus, told reporters at the Statehouse news conference that she agreed with most of Jackson's plan but still had a few reservations about the bill's collective bargaining provisions.
øPointius scored twice before halftime before adding his team-lead tying fourth goal of the season just beyond the midway point of the second half.
Under the compromise, the church would delay its plans to tear down the three houses it owns at 818, 820, and 824 North Biltmore Drive. The church would tear down a condominium building it owns at 825-827 Hanley Road and put a 62-car parking lot there. In exchange, congregants and church visitors would get additional street parking in the Davis Place residential neighborhood on weekdays and Saturdays. (Neighbors are not opposed to Sunday street parking for the church.)
But analysts offered several theories as to why Target is dropping the popular device. Most point to the fact that Amazon is being seen as more of a rival than a vendor for Target.
1579 Streamwood Ct., $50,000
Even with all the distractions and frayed nerves that come with the holiday season, it was a shame to see Casa Garden Restaurant so quiet, so overlooked.
Beginnings
She worked in communications and often addressed groups and raised funds.
Prosecutors say the break in the case came in 2009, when authorities got information from a narcotics case that led them to Harris and six co-defendants.
The food cart scene, which has exploded in Vancouver over the past couple of years, relies on a judging panel that picks which applicants will be allowed to sell. Judging criteria include diversity, nutritional values and use of local ingredients; a taste test is new for this year.
Now, I don't like "Mercy." Whether you do or don't doesn't matter; neither is the point whether anyone really wants to reflect on the miserable end to the Cardinals' season. The point is that KSDK has a monopoly on NBC programming in St. Louis. Just as it has a contract with NBC, the station has an unwritten contract with viewers, to show NBC programs as scheduled, three hours a night in prime time. If the station doesn't do that, shouldn't we be allowed to watch NBC on a different station from a different city?
Jim Cook (no relation to Trevor), the owner of Investment Rarities, said in a recent interview that stolen sales leads have been a problem for his company.
Voter appetite for a transit tax extension as the region struggles to emerge from a deep economic slump remains to be seen. The measure would need to be approved by two-thirds of the county's voters.
The focal point, of course, is the attack itself on Dec. 7, 1941. A short film titled "Battlefield Oahu" gives a tactical explanation of how the Japanese raid was carried out. Artifacts such as uniforms, medals and weapons are also included.
“When people say ‘O Sole Mio’ is an Italian song, it is not,” the bus tour guide said. “It is Neapolitan.”
The decision to put the budget levy to the voters was risky, but it was worth it, said Montgomery Superintendent Earl Kim.
He did, however, have to throw more than 130 pitches in eight innings during his complete game performance to help Mountain Pointe beat Chandler Hamilton 7-6.
Season series: Sens won, 3-1.
Verizon Communications Inc. is fully able to provide adequate communications service to every citizen of New Jersey, but it has chosen greed over public service.
You can't fault him for the spelling errors. Probably payback for years of people butchering Litwinowicz.
Money for the program would come from donations, unspent campaign money, fines for breaking the campaign finance rules and county coffers.
The fire was contained by noon. The cause is under investigation.
Hey, Tom: With the Cavs getting solid contributions from NBADL alum Alonzo Gee and Samardo Samuels as well as adding Ben Uzoh this week, could they level the playing field by becoming the best at scouting the minor league? -- Adam Miller, Sandusky
"We just cannot stand idly by and accept this," a visibly frustrated Detroit Mayor Dave Bing said at a news conference Monday, repeating words he has uttered numerous times over the last year. "We have to be enraged at this point."
Usually some form of intervention is required just to keep the site in business. Otherwise, a site risks allowing nefarious users, or "trolls," to overwhelm the site and drive away other users -- a form of virtual eugenics, Holland said.
An audit shows NJ Transit took a $297 million loss after Gov. Chris Christie scrapped the Hudson River rail tunnel project in 2010.
Martel said he was told that a police department investigation into the incident confirmed that Olsen was hit by the beanbag. That investigation included an analysis of the hat Olsen was wearing when he was hit, which found the marks and lead residue on the hat were consistent with a beanbag.
· Fox Chase Cancer Center, Philadelphia, PA
From 2000 to 2010, Denver Public Schools lost 2,669 black students from its overall student population. In the same time span, Cherry Creek School District added 2,600 black students.
City Administrator Mark Adcock said he did not inform the council of the FBI investigation until July, five months after the Canby chief first alerted the federal agency about alleged steroid allegations involving an officer.
This could be one of those rare occasions where a motivated player needs a team as much as the team needs the player.
CLEVELAND, Ohio--Thirty-five years ago this month, Frank Robinson slugged his way into Tribe fans' hearts with a dramatic home run in his first at-bat as major league baseball's first black manager. To this day, Indians fans rank it as one of their all-time favorite moments.
Percent of children receiving breakfast........Number of districts..........Percent of districts
He also said his expertise saved the county "several hundred thousand dollars" and that his skills "cannot simply be transferred to another individual by training."
øThough they likely missed their mark, exploding harmlessly in the sand, the era of aerial bombing had begun, a century ago this month, in Libya. One irony of the recent overthrow and death of longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi, following NATO warplanes bombing his convoy in October, is that Libya illustrates the advances in aerial bombing technology that transformed warfare over the last century.
In her words: I drive this road every day. My car is falling apart.
What are the White Sox trying to do about all these strikeouts? They have to average 10 strikeouts per game! John, Antioch
But 2012 seems to be a great year for strong old people. This year three survivors are expected - Del Monte will be joined by Winne Hook, who is also 106, and George Quillici, 108.
I suspect Oregon is spending most of its time right now searching for the cleanest route out of this Lyles mess. The Ducks silence is deafening right now. And I suspect the quotable Kelly is bouncing off the walls, wanting to fire back at Lyles.
Dana Cruish, executive director of the Central Indiana Komen affiliate, said the economy and gas prices also contributed to the declines, but she blamed them mostly on the Planned Parenthood incident.
Four months after Era’s stroke, another incident would draw the first law enforcement scrutiny of Colao’s prescribing habits.
A minor-league baseball team in Chico, Calif., that heard about Julie contacted her mother to see if she would be willing to sell lemonade at one of its games. Half the proceeds would go to the baseball team's charity -- an autism awareness foundation. And Julie's half?
NEWARK, N.J. - Neither Matt D'Agostini nor Jason Arnott will skate tonight for the Blues against the Devils at the Prudential Center.
Left-hander Zach Rosenthal replaced Anthony and uncorked a wild pitch, and Sweeney scored. Nick Falkenberg came off the bench, fouled off three two-strike pitches and worked out a walk to reload the bases.
Six-time champion Rafael Nadal defeated Fernando Verdasco, 6-0, 6-4, Saturday to ease into the Barcelona Open final, where he will face fellow Spaniard David Ferrer for a fourth time.
Other Knicks news:
"If you honestly don't know what the song is about, don't sing it," she said. "And if you're not going to sing it well, don't sing."
"I'm going to talk to him a lot about it. He's been through this. He knows the ups and downs of the whole thing. I'm going to be on his phone a lot."
White Mystery mother Diane Alexander White does all of the band's photography. Alexander White had been natural history photographer at the Field Museum for 25 years. "What she's best known for pop culture-wise are her photos of (Steve Dahl-Mike Veeck's) Disco Demolition in 1979," Francis said. "She was just taking in the game from the stands." Alex added, "If you of think of that being our mom, it explains a lot about our rock 'n' roll history."
Before Dodd took the field, the offense was shackled for 3 1/2 quarters.
Realize, though, that I do want to hear what my candidates believe in -- what shapes them, what riles them, what motivates them. But that is different than saying, "At the end of the day, I'd rather have a president who worships the same God as I do." (A voter in South Carolina actually said that to a New York Times reporter.)
Disputes over how the funds should be spent have grown bitter as the months have gone by.
Of the 86 Democrats responding, none listed Obama as the biggest reason for high gas prices. "Global market fluctuations" was named by 37 percent of Democrats as the biggest reason, followed by "speculators," named by 35 percent."
Despite the violence, the international community still sees the peace plan as the last chance to prevent Syria from falling into civil war - in part because no country wants to intervene militarily.
But this year, such a series wouldn't really even be necessary, because one look at the standings and end-of-season schedule leaves no doubt:
The dollar has slid to about 77 yen in the past few days. Automakers are counting on it trading at about 80 yen this year.
Outgunned, undermanned, and with vast swaths of land in Cochise County accessible by nothing but trails and dirt roads, Sheriff Dever faces an impossible job. Undaunted by rugged mountains that make our San Gabriels seem gentle, endless scrub and countless arroyos, Dever's mission statement reflects the challenges. It includes a quote from Winston Churchill:
At our dinner for six, we had a minor setback when the goat cheese ravioli starter came out with four on the plate rather than the half-dozen we’d been told. That led to some awkward knifing and passing, but with their light tomato and garlic surroundings, the raviolis went fast.
The episode points up the limitations of Beijing's control over its provinces. In this case, local officials were given leeway to mistreat an internationally prominent dissident in a way that has set back China's efforts to portray itself as a benign power ruled by law. A multibillion-dollar effort to project China's "soft power" has effectively been hijacked by village thugs, human-rights advocates say.
"This is a tremendous stress on the family," Palmieri said. "And (Coultas) has got a very supportive family here."
But, he asks, "At what point do we have to take control?"
And Hildebrand, who seemed disappointed by the speeds following an April test at Indy, now seems resigned to how difficult it is for everything to be perfect in the first year of a new car. Following Wheldon's death last October, IndyCar has been conservative — especially going into the first oval race of the season.
U.S. officials said they cannot make a more specific pledge because Congress controls the purse strings.
He was attending Hope Lutheran School in St. Louis, which had strict policies against teasing, he said. So he was never teased or bullied about his weight.
Gilbert police arrested the 39-year-old woman on Thursday and booked her on a count each of child abuse and sexual contact with a minor, according to Maricopa County Superior Court documents. She is being held without bond.
Then again, Nike's $305 million purchase in 2003 of Converse Inc. of North Andover, Mass., has been a hit, Hasan said. Nike added an established, venerable basketball sneaker brand to the cutting edge styles of Nike and Jordan Brand.
“There are a lot of folks that said Tim Tebow wasn't going to be a very good NFL quarterback. There are people that stood up and said, 'Well, he doesn't have the right throwing mechanisms, or he's not playing the game right,' " Perry said. “And he won two national championships, and that looked pretty good. We were the national champions in job creation back in Texas. And so, am I ready for the next level? Let me tell you, I hope I am the Tim Tebow of the Iowa caucuses.”
But Eric Wobser, head of Ohio City Inc., added the centennials must also challenge Cleveland's leaders "to use these institutions, these cultural treasures, as drivers for the next 100 years."
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin, D-Mich., told reporters last week that he expects the Pentagon investigation to wrap up this week and had scheduled a briefing on its findings on Tuesday.
So Eaton pulled off his warmups and went back to work. He didn't improved with his fifth attempt. When he stepped onto the runway for his sixth attempt, the last of the competition, Ames still led.
Other than that, none of the councilors delved too much into the cost of sewer rates. Utility customers face another 7 percent increase in their rates this summer, cementing Portland’s reputation as one of the costliest places in the country for sewer rates. Much of that has been driven by the construction of the new west side and east side Big Pipe projects.
Acquity has offices in 10 cities in the U.S. and wants to grow its business in China, where it has two offices. To date, all its revenue has come from clients in the U.S. It already operates the Chinese websites of several clients, including General Motors Co.,
In those 12 seasons, the Browns have posted two winning records: 9-7 in 2002 and 10-6 in 2007.
"It's happened too many times -- we had a lead in the third and we blew it," Vrbata said.
"We don't have an operations manual," Urbin said. "Retail is far too situational. You hire smart people, give them a set of guidelines, and as long as you use those 99.9 percent of the time, everybody is thrilled with the results."
Super Saver never really threatened and was beaten by 11 1/2 lengths by Lookin At Lucky.
252 California St. (near Battery Street), San Francisco
They were the biggest, most beautiful white beans I had ever seen, fat and moist and beckoning to me in the market in Valencia, Spain. Freshly shelled, they awaited a cook to take them home and simmer them respectfully with tomato, garlic and herbs.
As for Gilbert's appearance in the coach's office, Scott said the owner will occasionally drop in after a game.
McKinnie, I can't really figure out. Sometimes he looks really good, and other times, he struggles with speed rushers. I thought his conditioning would be his biggest weakness this year, but really it's his lateral quickness. (They could still be related.) The fact that neither LaMarr Woodley nor James Harrison will likely be 100 percent next week (if they play at all) is a fortunate break for Baltimore.
53 Aberdeen Place, $725,000
Dulaney (11-4) scored a moral victory by staying even with Hereford after the first quarter and only trailed, 3-1, at the half, primarily using a possession offense predicated on lots of passing and not many shots.
Akita rates David Bowie and Stewart as having the toughest time making the transition.
The rub against the MLS veteran is that he has yet to find the net for the U.S. Wondolowski has played 289 scoreless minutes across seven national team games.
"But for me to have sympathy for these women – zero. ... What do you want? Police to be a baby sitter for these women who get killed?"
Chilean officials like to make the same assertion about the town of Puerto Williams, a military settlement slightly to the south, but Ushuaia is by comparison a metropolis, home to more than 55,000. Hotels, casinos and travel agencies have multiplied in recent years like the region's abundant, albeit nonnative, beavers.
But for reasons not disclosed to jurors or observers, defense lawyers William and Andrea Whitaker released the ethics commission director Thursday without hearing his testimony and made no more mention of the disclosure forms.
Frustrated with Greece's political disagreements, the country's creditors have frozen the next critical €8 billion ($11 billion) loan installment until Greece formally approves the new debt deal. The Greek government has said it could go bankrupt within weeks without the money.
Stone Beer Dinner at Gingham
A cheer went up as Jamal Tarhuni emerged to greet dozens of family members and friends who were waiting for him at Portland International Airport.
7822 Pinetop Dr, $329,431
You'd use the price on that date as the basis. When the stock is inherited and later sold, you don't need to go back to try to figure out what Mom or Dad or Grandpa paid for it back in 1964.
All season long the Rams have had a good RPI and strong strength of schedule. They added marquee wins along the way in conference play.
With white wines, look for those sporting higher acidity, little to no oak character and lower alcohol. Vibrant acid offsets the richness of the dishes. Oak and alcohol seem more apparent when paired alongside salty foods, so finding wines with balanced levels of both is ideal. Finally, whites with a dash of sweetness work well as they complement the sweeter dishes on the table.
A co-worker suggested that I turn my kitchen into an espresso bar and sell coffee drinks to the light-rail commuters through my dining room window, and then we had a good laugh.
Roy Halladay said he began to get that certain feeling along about the sixth inning last night. From there on into the barn, he said, he just followed "Chooch." Carlos Ruiz caught perfection, and on this night catcher and pitcher were in lockstep rhythm, each in tune with the other.
The group's North Jersey affiliate anticipates bringing in 20 to 25 percent less than last year at Sunday's Race for the Cure - a 5K run and walk, the report said.
Tobacco-Free St. Louis (then called Tobacco-Free Missouri, Greater St. Louis) in 1993.
What: Cleveland Engineering Society breakfast program, "Taking the Lead: The Role of Industry in Workforce Development"
In his 33-page, written ruling, Toomin repeatedly cited the Sun-Times' investigation, including a story that reported one of the "missing" police files that turned up last summer included the handwritten notation: "V DAILEY SISTER SON."
"I told him, 'This is how basketball is,'" Hollins said. "We've done that all year, we've done that more and more as he's stayed with it and had more trust and understanding of what it takes."
Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman Robert Bailey said Interstate 10 was restricted in some areas, with 1 to 2 feet of water on the road. He said there was flooding along I-10 from 51st to 75th avenues. Work crews deployed street sweepers to clear mud from both sides of the interstate at one spot.
The old etiquette of keeping your vote to yourself may be out the window along with other aging notions of privacy. Facebook users who vote in the League of Young Voters primary get a shining gold badge proclaiming not just who they voted for, but why.
“We play for all manner of monument re-dedications after a defaced monument is repaired,” Scott West, vice president and business manager of the 12th N.J. Regiment band wrote in an email to the News Friday.
After scolding Corfield for giggling while he started to answer her, Christie said his fight is not with the teachers but with union leaders.
For every day that they work at the state Capitol in Sacramento, state lawmakers are eligible to receive a $141.86 per diem. They’re also eligible for it on days when they only drive through the parking garage in the Capitol basement and on days when they’re not in Sacramento at all.
Don't expect the perky Tina Fey version of Sarah Palin.
"This is not eye matching. This is not human judgment," said John Lahey, founder and owner of the Woodstock, Vt., company. "This is technology."
Christie said that over $3.6 billion has been raided from the fund over the past decade.
When they're not on the desk, thinning the lines, they sometimes field questions sent in through text message or email.
George Smerigan, the city's planner, said he's talked to a property owner who wants to combine two lots, clear them and construct a new office building. He would not identify the person.
speaking at Buckley Air Force Base in Colorado, Obama was expected to highlight the expanded use of clean energy by the Defense Department. The Air Force is installing a one-megawatt solar array on the base, and it tested jets last year that are powered by advanced biofuels.
About 4,700 people work at the Fremont automotive plant. For a quarter-century, NUMMI has been a 50-50 joint venture between General Motors Corp. and Toyota.
In the camp also was converted wide receiver Ryan Tannehill. "He's a late bloomer, but that means he has a big upside," said Manning.
A few seconds later, she texted again: "Will be nothing unless she makes the team."
The other primary improvement in pelagic birding is in our knowledge of sea birds. For decades, we knew little about the nesting and migratory habits of these enigmatic creatures, and identification problems posed formidable challenges. Two-thirds of the globe is covered by saltwater, and about 70 species of sea birds -- known as tubenoses -- occupy this mysterious environment, seldom coming to land except to nest.
Detectives from Roselle Park and Hillside are continuing to investigate Oudeh and Zengotita to determine if they are responsible for any of the other burglaries that have plagued the area over the last three to four months.
9236 Meritt Av, $62,000
Perez dealt with a shoulder strain early in spring training.
“I shouldn’t have said that about Quinton even because it really depends on what package is out there, and all that stuff,” Ryan said. “I know (DeVito) is a tremendous player. To explain his exact role right now, I don’t feel like I can do that right now.”
"Mickey shouldn't have said that," Pujols said after the game. "No disrespect, but I'll talk to Mickey about that."
I started off with an untraditional steak tartare ($17 a la carte, no longer on menu), untraditional in that, instead of raw beef, the beef was cooked sous vide (vacuum-sealed and heated at a very low temperature) for an ultra-rich finish. A whimsical pickle gelee and melted leeks replaced the usual cornichons and onion touches. And who knew steak tartare could also pair so marvelously with candied kumquats and white anchovies, which provided offbeat sweet and salty counterpoints?
The administration will also add the number of people eligible for the program to include investors and will increase incentives for large banks to modify more troubled mortgages.
The plea agreement recommends that Leaf serve nine months in a drug treatment program followed by a five-year suspended sentence. District Judge Kenneth Neill is not bound by the agreement when he sentences Leaf on June 19.
The three classroom hours the students will miss because of the visit will be made up for with what they'll learn from the experience, Eggers said.
But companies ordered more goods, factories slashed their stockpiles and auto sales rose. Those trends suggest manufacturing activity could rebound in coming months.
The increase is "a bit bizarre given that all the other measures of confidence have recently fallen," said Paul Dales, senior U.S. economist with Capital Economics. Last week a Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan survey that also tracks consumer confidence showed the measure fell in July to its lowest level in more than two years.
4. After practice, the team trainer notices a few players walking to their off-campus apartment in a snowstorm. He stops to give them a lift.
FitzGerald also is open to sharing any new county space with other government partners whose services might dovetail with the county's. Consider perhaps a single site for economic development officials from the county, the city of Cleveland and perhaps even the state. That kind of strategic thinking might turn merely cleaning up a mess into real, regional opportunity.
Scripps Howard News Service
Yes, Saturdays were special! With the Orange County Travel League bowling in our time, only the best would be able to bowl each Saturday morning, then get to travel the county representing Carter Bowl on the Travel Team. Little Ricky Phillips was on that team year after year.
Four years later, the Okvaths find themselves scrambling for cash. Some months, they pick which bills to pay. Their cellular phones and cable television have been turned off at various times this year.
Green Mountain was the largest drag to midcaps as it lost almost half of its market capitalization a day after the single-serve coffee company slashed its full-year sales outlook.
"We hate to make exceptions," Commissioner Peter Lawson Jones said of hiring the accountants, "but I think this one is an absolutely justifiable one, both in terms of function and of cost."
"No one is talking rebuild here," center Joe Pavelski said. "We want to win, bottom line."
"Yeah, we have some tough times, but the movie industry keeps hope alive," he said.
Wesley D Bates
"Policy is crafted around common-sensical ideas, but as far as I'm aware there's no specific evidence to say what the maximum shift hours should be," Stoller said.
"Within an hour," he said, "I had gathered things up in my briefcase, told my secretary, 'Well, we can shine those afternoon meetings off,' and headed for Dana Point. "
The resulting dispute between the couple and bar patrons and employees escalated with the couple allegedly assaulting two customers and a waitress. The couple then chased two other customers outside into the parking lot and damaged one of the chased customer's parked car.
The difference is that Romney lost four years ago, finishing second behind the eventual nominee, Arizona Sen. John McCain. Because he lost the last time, the thinking goes, a win for Romney would mean something this time.
"I'm a little leery about that approach, but I know there are some people interested in that," Bosma said, adding that he would oppose efforts to put the measure on the ballot for voters in 2013.
To join the Friends of Jefferson Barracks, call (314) 544-5714 and leave a message, or go to
The group’s closing performance was Hector Berlioz’s Symphony Fantastique — the last number Clementi practiced with the orchestra just hours before he took his own life on Sept. 22.
Tonight against the Twins, that means CC Sabathia. The Yankees are banking on the lefty to delivery just the team's third quality start (six innings pitched, three earned runs or less) this season. It would come in handy since the Yankees are in a stretch of 13 consecutive games.
Add a big bunch of ripe second bananas, swell chorus boys and girls, grand sets by Derek McLane and stylish costumes by Martin Pakledinaz, and you have nearly all the basics for a tasty Broadway show.
Though only in kindergarten, Stella already has seen her words, along with a vibrant pink illustration, published for the world to read and respond to.
This was the first controlled study to document that school programs discouraging carbonated drinks appear to be effective in reducing obesity among children.
23-29 - Curling Erzurum, Turkey World Mixed Doubles Championship
John Ammann, director of the St. Louis University Legal Clinic and a SLU law professor, who has worked closely with Catholic Charities, a refugee resettlement agency here, notes that immigration issues have not reached the emotional level they have in other communities. If passions remain in check, polarization is unlikely to take root in St. Louis, he says.
"I think (Kreidler) presents an unreal budget," Wasinger said. "He budgets high for expenses and low for revenues. Perhaps we should budget for what we actually anticipate expenditures being."
Maybe this year, with Crystal back, the Oscar extravaganza will embrace its fogeyness.
TRENTON — A new policy at the city high rise where a 7-year-old girl was allegedly gang-raped in March would evict residents with police arrests or criminal convictions.
Lynn said a case he investigated in 1994 led him to scrutinize secret archives kept by the Philadelphia Archdiocese. Lynn, on the job two years, had wanted "to make sure we don't have anybody in ministry that shouldn't be."
The strong scent of fire lingered on the block yesterday as neighbors and passersby slowed as they drove or walked past the home to assess the damage.
He is also going the opposite way of Rowling, branching out into children's fiction. McCall Smith has a new book for younger readers that features his Botswana sleuth as a girl. It's called "The Great Cake Mystery." For more details on the Maryville Talks Books event, see Left Bank's website.
Brumberger said he attempted to bar Hunter from the flights, but the candidate overruled him.
Top-rated offensive lineman in the state, according to The Star-Ledger, played in the Semper Fidelis All-American Bowl. A left tackle prospect.
-- Maureen Hart, Movies Editor
The move should save fuel costs and wear and tear on buses, Metro officials say.
Holly Eileen Stacho*
The good news is that wine contains no fat (saturated or trans) and no cholesterol. The caloric content of wine is due to its sweetness level and alcohol content.
Counties aren’t required to establish the trusts. Since the law took effect in September 2009, freeholder boards in Middlesex, Union, Passaic, Bergen, Hudson, Somerset, Mercer and Camden counties have voted to create them.
The problem is that, unlike Morse, Anderson does not own a newspaper he can use to bombard residents. Anderson has to pay for advertising in the Daily Sun — and he's been doing plenty of that since November.
Nationwide, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, or Mormons, reported the most growth of all religious traditions in the U.S.
What's so special about silk underwear?
"Our children deserve better," Hall said. "They have a right to teachers and administrators who believe in them and who are willing to teach them determination instead of deception."
Commission announced a lawsuit on Friday alleging that six former top executives of mortgage finance titans Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac committed fraud by authorizing misleading statements about their balance sheets.
The deal also would resolve controversial GOP demands to restrict abortion and environmental regulation, but officials did not detail how those issues would be solved.
Ariz. phone number: 602-241-6500.
Khaled Dajani, who calls his music “alternative world fusion,” mixes American folk with Middle Eastern and other international influences. “I will be mixing and matching,” he said. “The idea is we will be discussing how our songs came to be, so before I play a song, I’ll talk about the process of how it came about. Since I am very guitar-centric, I will show the origins of each song on the guitar first and talk about the lyrical concepts.”
What's most astonishing is not the obsession with Monroe, it's the fact that no one has replaced her in that No. 1 slot.
Chula Vista Police Chief David Bejarano's holdings and sources of income, 2010:
First, that No. 3 OU backed up its ranking and the thought that the Sooners might be the best team in the country. Second, that KU failed to compete once again in losing its fourth straight game.
The bill is supported by the Colorado Medical Society and law enforcement officials, who, while acknowledging that some patients benefit from marijuana, said regulation is needed to rein in abuses in the system.
Albo said there is no time frame currently for when the fire will be completely contained, but progress is "looking positive."
And when it came to revving up his libido, he was injected with "extracts" from young bull testicles, as noted by Dr. Theodore Morrell.
Schapiro also called the circuit breakers for individual stocks "an essential first step" that can be improved. She said the agency's next steps likely will include a review of so-called "limit up-limit down" requirements that would bar any trades outside specified boundaries. Limit up-limit down restrictions, which apply to the commodity futures markets, impose a maximum price change higher or lower in a given day.
From LAX, Air New Zealand offers connecting service (change of planes) and direct flights (stopover, no change of plane). Qantas and Virgin Australia offer connecting flights. Restricted round-trip fares begin at $1,328.
"This is a seismic change for college football," BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock said after the 11 conference commissioners and Notre Dame's athletic director wrapped up three days of meetings in south Florida.
Chicago-based doo-woppers the Dells — Verne Allison (tenor vocal), Charles Barksdale (bass vocal), John Carter (lead vocal), Johnny Funches (lead vocal), Marvin Junior (tenor vocal) and Michael McGill (baritone vocal). — cracked the Top 10 in 1969 with “Oh, What a Night." The song is ranked #260 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
As we age, we see a lot of things in life. Among them: "floaters."
One watchdog group, the Portland Utility Review Board, has highlighted tangential spending but has no power to stop it. What's more, Portland's government puts Leonard's employees in a tough spot, said board member Michael Crean.
No kidding. And he's not kidding. It is hard to find a lot of fault with the Wings' effort. Which leaves no choice but to salute the Predators' effort. They are pretty disciplined defensively, they push you to the side, they clog the middle, they don't screw up very often.
Developer Nathan has transformed the building at 12th Avenue and Washington Street, where a series of nightclubs have opened and closed, into another window-wrapped space for Cheryl's on 12th, an Italian deli and cafe with food merchandising a lá Dean and Deluca, said Caryl Brown, associate vice president in retail brokerage for NAI Norris Beggs & Simpson. A popular local treats vendor is expected to open its second location next door. At the other end of the block sits the empty former space of the Central City Concern's outreach center.
Sen. Joe Pennacchio (R-Morris) made that claim Monday amid the ongoing debate over Gov. Chris Christie's proposal to cut state income taxes.
When Clement examined the daily nursing notes for the lawsuit, she said, the section prompting nurses to evaluate a patient's "abdominal distention" was blank on the very shift after Barnhill's departure.
Among the players invited to New York because he was projected as a first-round pick, McClellin insisted he's not fazed by big cities, although he was in awe of his new teammates.
Embassy Suites is entering a crowded downtown hotel market but has a few things going for it. The all-suites setup is a downtown rarity. The hotel is next to America's Center. A St. Louis hotel analyst says Embassy Suites has good customer loyalty and will benefit further from Hilton's strong reservation system.
The complaint says the county bought more than $500 million in U.S. government bonds through Sterne Agee. It alleges the county was steered into "new issue" bonds that are not discounted and contain built-in "concessions" for brokers and brokerage firms. It says large institutional investors like the county should have been purchasing on the secondary market where commissions are lower.
øThe benefit: Even though the interest rate cut is small, consolidating FFEL loans into the Direct Loan program is a good housekeeping move for many borrowers, says Patrick Kandianis, co-founder of SimpleTuition, a loan-comparison website.
Very few of the old people remembered much of the quake and the three days of fire that followed the temblor, and they certainly wouldn't have been able to recall the significance of the fountain itself -- a central meeting point after the disaster and a place for people to leave messages and search for lost relatives. But none of that made a difference Tuesday morning.
Sundstrom owns the Lane County property with three others who hope to manage it on a sustainable basis and pass it on to six young people in the next generation. The safe-harbor agreement assures that plan will be followed.
"Braces are a luxury for a lot of people ... It's the last thing they think about and the first thing to go."
Susan Gendron: “Add another to the list, pomegranates. Everybody either adds them in the sauce or places them all over the top of foods. Can't do eggs on burgers or pizza, pass on communal dinning. I love cupcakes but not at $4.00 a pop, yes they are pretty but come on. Ketchup ... if it ain't broke why fix it.
Any federal crackdown will be just as futile as the government's attempt to stamp out medical marijuana after Californians passed Proposition 215 in 1996, said Dale Gieringer, state director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws.
"We're seeing more companies go public, but the M&A activity outpaces the IPOs," said Promod Haque, managing director of Norwest Venture Partners.
Joe being Joe, he just wasn’t leaving Penn State — for any amount of money.
"Go find that check," Southern District Commissioner Leonard Bentz said after the commission voted.
"Sounds like there's a revolutionary spirit in town tonight," the shirt-sleeved 76-year-old said, drawing even louder cheers. "I'm so encouraged that so many young people are saying, 'Things have got to change.' "
"The availability is so all over the place ... that's why it's getting so popular," said Dr. Akikur Mohammad, an assistant clinical professor in psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the University of Southern California. He is studying the effects of bath salts in people.
Ratepayer outcry over bioswales and bikes has been fierce. Commissioner Amanda Fritz last reported that she's answered about 100 e-mails on this topic.
Now, a 37-year-old suspect, Michael Pavlicek, faces multiple theft, criminal-mischief and stolen-vehicle-possession charges in connection with as many as 100 thefts since late November from mostly storage units and U-Haul trucks in the Portland and Vancouver area.
The (Slight) Favorite: "The Artist."
County Finance Director Bob Schnur echoed Chrismer's comment.
A tribute to Mike Wallace, episodes of "Sky King," "Lum and Abner," and a 1939 "Vic and Sade" will be played on John and Larry Gassman's "Same Time, Same Station." The Wallace tribute includes hearing "Myron Wallace" on "Information Please." The show streams on demand every Sunday at www.vintageradioplace.com. It is also available for download beginning Monday or Tuesday at www.radiooutofthepast.org.
The Columbia Association's People Tree logo is partly a victim of changing times — officials say it doesn't work well for social media or mobile devices. The organization also acknowledges that it doesn't own the rights to the images, and officials aren't comfortable continuing to use the insignia they've had for years.
Customers can view service areas and make appointments with stylists using web-based and mobile applications.
This is the Wildcats’ 15th Final Four appearance, which is tied with Duke for third-most behind North Carolina (18) and UCLA (17). They have won the title seven times, but not since 1998. Last year, Kentucky returned to the Final Four, losing to eventual champ UConn in the national semifinals.
Turner, who was not available for further comment, would have until March 5 to file paperwork to run as an independent. Democrats Gerald Henley, Marie Jefferson and Isaac Powell filed petitions to run against Fudge in the primary.
Barry Goldwater would not have dumped Ric Grenell; he would have told the carping Bible-thumpers to go to hell.
“Every day ... you’re tested,” McMillan said in his pregame meeting with reporters. “Every day, for us as coaches, you have to find a way to come out positive. I woke up this morning and got a phone call from (team trainer) Jay (Jensen) that there’s a good chance I may not have three of my guys. I said, ‘OK. This is where we’re going to go and this is how we’re going to do it.’ So that’s what it’s become. Just find a way.”
Stravinsky: Concerto in D.
Overland Park, Kan.-based Sprint owns 54 percent of Kirkland, Wash.-based Clearwire, but doesn’t have voting control. Sprint now resells access to Clearwire’s WiMax network as “Sprint 4G.”
to the company's bottom line and protecting senior executives such as his son, James, and Rebekah Brooks, who is close to the Murdoch family.
The debt crisis, which has rattled global financial markets and pushed consumer confidence to recession levels, remains far from being resolved, and investors are keeping a close eye on developments in Greece.
Bernie has been a detective in Kripo (Berlin's criminal police force), a house dick at the famous Hotel Adlon, an officer in the German SS and more. With such a broad canvas, Kerr has used the crimes Bernie investigates — and sometimes commits — as a window to explore the much larger crimes against humanity perpetrated by the Nazis, Russian communists and others during the war.
He is on the board of the Trust for Public Land and helped convert the former Richfield Coliseum into a meadow gifted to the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Klein's 470-member Hill'n Dale Club in Medina offers fishing, hunting and shooting, and has one of the top sporting clays courses in the country.
Karen, five years younger than Kathy, said Ben was good about including her and was like a big brother.
Firefighters and the Coast Guard soon arrived, and a St. Joseph police officer threw them a flotation device and helped them climb the ladder back up to the pier.
Phinney maintained the overall lead, since times are neutralized when there are crashes at the end of flat stages.
Thomas Rabe, Bertelsmann's chief executive since January, said at a news conference here that the family-controlled company would change its legal structure to that of a Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien (KgaA), a German mix of joint stock corporation and limited partnership in which the family would essentially retain control of the executive board while new shareholders, or limited partners, could potentially buy stakes in the company.
Neely—who was placed on administrative leave—wrote his wife about the February 2012 trip: "Rough schedule per our conversation. Guess this'll be your birthday present?"
Among those on the scene: Steve and Kimmy Brauer, Maxine Clark and Bob Fox, David and Lelia Farr (co-chairs of this year's United Way de Tocqueville Society), Virginia Peacock, Rodger Riney, David Steward, Jim and Stacey Weddle (Jim is this year's United Way campaign chair), Douglas Yaeger, Richard Mark, Martin Mathews and Kathy Osborn.
Ruth Godines said she is relieved the injuries were not more severe.
ø"You don't want to call it an indicator on its own," he says. Currently, given the improving economy, positive price action of the Dow, and the fact that retail investors are still skittish and yanking money out of stock mutual funds and pouring it into bond funds, suggests that Barron's Dow 15,000 cover may be a realistic price target.
Kwei-Armah's parents immigrated to London from Grenada. He grew up in one of London's poorest and toughest neighborhoods. His father was a factory worker, and his mother took on three jobs (as a nurse, hairstylist and baby sitter) to pay for her son and two daughters to attend private schools.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A section of a highway interchange in suburban Kansas City could be closed for several weeks while the state Department of Transportation tries to figure out why the area of the roadway gave way over the weekend.
236-40 Jefferson St., Newark; (973) 589-4319; nastoicecream.com
On Feb. 3, Edwin F. Hale Sr., the chairman and CEO of First Mariner Bancorp, was found carrying a loaded handgun in his briefcase. On Feb. 29, an officer found a .38-caliber handgun in the bag of a 70-year-old Glen Burnie woman. On March 5, they found a loaded 9-mm handgun in a bag. On April 3, officers confiscated a loaded .32-caliber handgun — a round in the chamber — from a passenger in the screening area.
Some state lotteries are likely to take steps toward online gambling after a new opinion by the Justice Department that gives states a green light.
But it doesn't end there. Because the American people weren't just failed by a president -<U+0096> they were failed by much of Washington. By a media that too often reported spin instead of facts. By a foreign policy elite that largely boarded the bandwagon for war. And most of all by the majority of a Congress -<U+0096> a co-equal branch of government -<U+0096> that voted to give the president the open-ended authority to wage war that he uses to this day. Let's be clear: Without that vote, there would be no war.
So the lesson from 1906 is: Keep plenty of wine at home. It might save your dinner tonight, and your house tomorrow.
A: Yuma, Airz., receives only an average of 3.17 inches of rain annually.
Dimora stepped aside as county Democratic party chair this summer but continues to hold his commissioner's job. County Auditor Frank Russo is also under criminal investigation.
May 15: vs. Stetson 6:30 p.m.
The agency is set to open for business on Thursday.
F Ryan Yearwood, Cardozo
Clint Barmes hammered a solo home run off Billingsley in the third inning, but otherwise the Pirates could not break through against the right-hander. Billingsley left prematurely in the bottom of the sixth for a pinch-hitter, having thrown only 77 pitches. He gave up five hits, struck out four and did not walk a batter.
After a series of stunningly magnificent productions, the Lyric Opera finished off its inaugural season in the Muriel Kauffman Theatre with Gioachino Rossini's perennially delightful <U+0093>The Barber of Seville.<U+0094>
This high-style pan-Asian palace is more now than just "the Buddakan of the burbs" in large part due to talented Patrick Feury.
For audiences who delight in watching or riding horses comes Cavalia, an immense production of four-legged and two-legged performers who combine some of the high-flying artistry of Cirque du Soleil with an impressionistic tribute to the human-horse bond.
"All the builders are in this renovation business now, so you’re competing with a whole bunch more people," Scopetto said. "You’ve added all the single-family homebuilders in addition to the people who already existed."
State television showed a small group of prisoners along with guns, ammunition and grenades supposedly belonging to the captured troops.
This time around, the 59-year-old candidate is assiduously wooing businessmen, seeking to keep them from turning on him as they did in 2006.
Turkey thawing times
Alex Gordon's one-out walk in the fifth prompted the Yankees to replace Clay Rapada with D.J. Mitchell for a right-on-right matchup against Billy Butler, which worked when Butler grounded out to short.
NEW RATINGS 'PILLARS'
Scottsdale Canal Development LLC, which started assembling the property along the Arizona Canal in 2006, had planned a 240-room Solis Scottsdale hotel and 140 condos on a site that now includes a SRP substation.
Three meals, three winning experiences. I feel remiss in not reviewing it sooner. But now that you know about it, raise a toast to Pamela Busch and her crew.
Sandy Chilewich's Faux Bois place mats have a digital image of a real wood plank printed on Plynyl.
Galarza, 43, needed help paying for the camp because she lost her job two years ago as a paralegal and is now a student at the University of Phoenix in Jersey City, working toward a bachelor’s degree in psychology. She plans to become a social worker or psychologist.
And there's more. Despite the drumbeat about hordes of undocumented Mexicans who have come north to take our jobs, consider this: According to the Pew Hispanic Center, between 2005 and 2008, the number of Mexican migrants arriving in the U.S. actually declined by 40 percent.
The event was largely spurred by the 2008 editorial, as well as Romney<U+0092>s op-ed in a Detroit newspaper last week that was critical of how President Obama structured aid to General Motors and Chrysler.
"The dollars at play are what's really attractive," Litz said. "If craft (beer) is 5 percent of volume and 7 percent of dollars of a $95 billion U.S. beer market, and people are saying it could double or triple that in a few decades, you're talking about billions at play."
Toyota said even with the problem, sufficient braking force remained to stop the vehicle safely. It said after another 90 miles (145 kilometers), one of the brake circuits could stop working but because of the location of the seal, no more leakage could occur that would affect the other brake circuit.
"The circumstance under which that happened are a little open to question," Fili said.
Pacifica resident Clyne, whose father, Alberto Bustiani died in 2001, is continuing his 35-year tradition of promoting Italian singers from Italy.
Broxton wound up earning his fifth save and Kansas City snapped a 10-game home losing streak.
The county Police Department's tactical team surrounded the complex near Parker Road and Lewis and Clark Boulevard but was unable to talk the man out.
Friends gladly step up to help when needed, as when John stopped driving in August.
On this Friday, the Dodgers were all about the good start.
University Heights Mayor Susan Infeld and Gearity parents Dori Nelson-Hollis and Jodi Sourini all asked the board to reconsider the proposed closing of Gearity.
Minnesota is one of five states that require individual collectors to register with the state. The others are Idaho, Nebraska, Tennessee and Wisconsin.
Purvis broke the UO record of 7.29, set earlier this season by freshman English Gardner. Purvis did not run in the semifinal or final of the event.
Mike Mulhern, chief architect for the project, said Loftus has been listening to neighbors over the last few weeks and tweaked his plans to allay their concerns.
For everyone associated with Garden Academy, friends in high places have never been more important.
Redflex invested about $150,000 to help the Safe Roads group get its message out, according to the Albuquerque Journal. The not-so-forthright setup enraged a city councilor, who filed an ethics complaint while citing two potential violations of the city's election code. The organization responded immediately by changing its moniker to Safe Roads Albuquerque Supported By Redflex Traffic Systems.
But hours after a gleeful Chen left the U.S. compound, he changed his mind, driven in part by his wife's tales of abuse and retribution in the days after Chen managed to escape.
The congress is part trade show, part academic conference, part job fair. More than a thousand papers and a couple of hundred panels will describe where automotive technology is and where it's headed.
Abdulmutallab<U+0092>s move to Supermax comes one week after one of the passengers, Shama Chopra of Montreal, wrote a letter to U.S. District Judge Nancy Edmunds, urging her to have Abdulmutallab transferred to Supermax.
Hours: 11:30 a.m.-8 p.m. Sundays-Thursdays, 11:30 a.m.-9 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays
Shanks said the council's "feet were held to the fire" and had to settle on an agreement after more than 18 months of dual lawsuits between Seal Beach and the development firm.
A 47-year-old San Rafael man was behind bars Sunday after police said he threatened the life of U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer in a series of voice-mail messages.
Now, the other chopper approaches, with Vienna aboard. Why does this make me think of "The Ride of the Valkyries" scene from "Apocalypse Now"? Jake is still feeling bad about Tenley -- he had her up on a pedestal, felt like he couldn't be himself. Whatever. In the car being driven away, Tenley thinks Jake will see the mistake he made. "I don't think he knows what he wants."
NEWARK — Alexander Alfaro said he had the machete in his hand and was staring straight at his half-brother.
Judges overseeing pending cases around the country are likely to refer to the high court's ruling for guidance. Two lawsuits in Maryland's U.S. District Court, one of them a class action case open to thousands, were put on hold while the justices considered the issue.
Two weeks ago, the Cardinal beat Washington 65-21, rushing for a school-record 446 yards. ... Given the issues OSU has faced stopping the run (four teams have gone for 200 yards plus), pundits are saying Stanford might rush for 500 yards.
"Why they are announcing this now when they know in a few weeks we'll have an ethics ordinance, I don't know," said commission Chairman Gary Woronchak, D-Dearborn. "I think they are trying to get out in front of it."
Lawrence Genter, a survivor of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, was one of three men in Reese's class of about a dozen. "I'm here because of my wife," he said.
39. Mission Street is the main business artery in this square that covers the Excelsior and part of Glen Park. It's lined with dozens of Mexican, American and Filipino restaurants. Joe's Cable Car Hamburgers is also located here - it has a meat-grinding facility on the premises and has been in business since 1965.
"What if the suspension causes Ubaldo Jimenez to just miss the AL All Star Game, which enables the Pirates to gain home field advantage in the World Series?" -- Bill Schmidt
"The problem with us, we'd been playing more without a big guy having him in the roster," Hammond said. "He just wasn't healthy, (we) couldn't keep him healthy. And once again, when I say that, I wish him nothing but the very best, and I mean that."
Bright star on "Sunny Day": Annemarie Russo knows just what to do to impress the Boss.
Bryce Canyon Lodge, inside the park, was built in 1925 and is a National Historic Landmark. It is the only one of four original Union Pacific Loop Tour lodges still standing. 70 rooms, plus three suites, one studio and 40 cabins. Open April 1-Oct. 31. $140-$159. 435-834-8700, brycecanyonlodge.com.
Expected role if lockout ends: The centerpiece, offensively and defensively, of a team that could feature a more uptempo playing style. Perhaps the biggest question is whether he will play as much center as he did last season.
The bonuses had nothing to do with employee performance, he wrote. Workers who already received overtime for working holidays or shoveling snow received additional "snow removal bonuses" and "holiday bonuses," the report stated.
"I do not believe in the magic bullet theory," Slay said. "The vitality of our downtown - or the region - does not depend on Ballpark Village."
According to the police report:
"Part of what I'm trying to do is chart a course of what my role is as bishop in Central Florida. I don't want to hide out with my local churches. My role is to be involved in the life of my community as a Christian presence," said Brewer, 60, who remembers Klan marches growing up in Richmond, Va.
The pool of available lawyers at Legal Services of New Jersey, which provides attorneys in civil cases for people at or below the poverty level, began to shrink just as the number of cases reached an all-time high.
The prize for the fastest of the fast was the "Blue Riband."
It is only a matter of time before a quake like the one in 1700 happens again in the Pacific Northwest -- perhaps tomorrow, or not for 20, 50, 100 years. We do not know that precisely. But we do know that the earthquake will happen. Are we ready? No, we are not. Not in California, and definitely not in the Pacific Northwest.
Taylor, along with Charles Bell and Christian Fleming, all juniors, were among four boys jumped at the bus stop in May by what they say seemed like 40 gang members.
In some parts of the state, that’s triggering a big problem: High water usage. And one major water company has responded by imposing mandatory water restrictions in Monmouth County and asking for voluntary water conservation in parts of Ocean County.
"It's very special,'' Luck said during a news conference beforehand. "A franchise with a great history of winning. It's great to be part of that now and to try to keep that level of consistent winning."
The nonprofit organization NW Documentary does its part to make every Portland-area resident a trained documentary filmmaker. (Imagine how much better impromptu cellphone camera videos would look if everyone had a little bit of schooling.) Homegrown Doc Fest is a seasonal party to showcase and celebrate the works of students who participated in NW Documentary's most recent workshops. Topics this time around include electric motorcycles, recycling cans and a man freed from prison by DNA testing. Local band Alameda provides after-party entertainment.
"That was a difficult task, with him being a tall kid, everyone wanted him to play basketball and learn the game of basketball or play soccer," Thompson said. "He made up a few excuses."
East Asia Airlines' Heli Express has frequent service in 12-seat helicopters from the Hong Kong ferry terminal and the airport to Macao. Fares begin at $200. 011-852-2108-9898, www.helihongkong.com.
Early Tuesday, the “Two and a Half Men” star ransacked his hotel room looking for his keys and cell phone, and according to one report, may have locked Anderson in the closet. Police in New York have no plans to charge Sheen, who checked himself into the hospital for a psychiatric evalution and was later released.
"I definitely feel this team can be just as good," said Husak, who played volleyball at Stephen F. Austin in Texas and recently married former St. Louis University basketball player Bryce Husak. "They've still got a ton to learn. Hopefully, every game will be better and better, and they'll learn more and more."
The women already have run away with the NCAA indoor championship. They look even better outdoors.
The state awarded nearly $3.3 million in credits to Liberty Development Co. of Westlake, which has a contract to buy the largely vacant property at 1836 Euclid Ave. from developer Gordon Priemer.
The group recently wrapped an opening slot for Big Time Rush — often receiving better reviews than the headliner. It is set to perform at the upcoming NickelodeonKids' Choice Awards and"Saturday Night Live." To add to the hype, it just announced its first U.S. headlining tour, and there is buzz that Nickelodeon is in talks to have the group anchor a show similar to Big Time Rush's,.
"It's too early to say," she told reporters at the court. "The prosecution is still examining the material that has arrived."
Whether the far-right can win real power — for example, running a major European city — is far from certain. But a party need not be in power to do severe damage as it fans social tensions.
The constant moving made it difficult for NFL teams to project Lindsey at the next level. Does he pack on 30 pounds on his 6-foot-2, 250-pound frame to play end or drop a little weight to play outside linebacker?
"It's a challenge for us," McMillan said. "We don't fear them. We respect them. But we also believe we can win."
In a country less hamstrung by partisan gridlock, every serious presidential and congressional candidate would be constrained to spend the next six months explaining what combination of these remedies he or she is willing to support.
The Shapiros' bodies were discovered tied up and burned beyond recognition inside their master bedroom Jan. 30. One fire was set in their bedroom, which was undergoing construction, and a second fire was set in another bedroom on an opposite end of the house.
The first collision at 12:15 p.m. was the result of a chain reaction involving 16 westbound vehicles on I-10 near Picacho Peak. This collision left William Joseph Tatsch, 66, of Austin dead after the Honda sedan he was a passenger in struck a large freight truck before sliding under a commercial vehicle. His wife, Paula Fry Tatsch, 65, was driving and suffered critical injuries.
Tim Lincecum -- 130
But the Anteaters were not about to lose another.
She volunteered for the American Cancer Society, the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
The game will likely be played in winter conditions – whether that’s snow or simply cold weather. The committee is not shying away from the cold reality, even promoting the idea that the first Super Bowl played in the Northeast could include weather associated with the region.
Girardi said Pettitte will likely be built up to around 100 pitches before being dialed back to about 65, following the normal course of progression for pitchers.
A greater number will be allowed to demonstrate at two other weigh stations.
Then, a few weeks later, my phone rang.
On the issue of health care, Santorum conceded he now has " no doubt" that the former Massachusetts governor will work to repeal the law he derides as "Obamacare" and "replace it with a bottom up, patient, not government-driven system."
Toni Fink, a Big Lots spokeswoman, said the company has been on an expansion spurt in the last couple of years -- opening 80 stores last year and with plans to open 90 more around the country this year. Part of the growth has been driven by the availability of prime real estate, she said.
That's a slight exaggeration by the coach, suggesting his pupil clears the barriers by more than he needs to, given his height and long legs.
In the co-main event, Diaz (15-7) backed up his tough talk and rude behavior in a fight that had the sellout crowd on its feet as he battered Cerrone, nearly a 3-to-1 favorite in the MGM Grand sportsbook for most of the three-round standup fight.
Cory Jermaine Brooks, 22, of the 200 block of Centerfield Drive, pleaded guilty in St. Charles County Circuit Court to second-degree murder and conspiracy to distribute drugs. He pleaded no contest to the charge of armed criminal action.
Hop hopes Ostling is prepared.
Q. Which Hitchcock movie?
Also scheduled to appear at the conference organized by the Maryland-based New Ways Ministry are Barbara Johnson, who was denied Communion at her mother's funeral Mass in Gaithersburg last month because she is a lesbian; former Lt. Gov. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend, who has written a book critical of church involvement in politics; and Geoffery Robinson, a retired Catholic bishop from Australia.
Too bad. "The ducks are extremely frisky right now," she says.
And this way he doesn't have to spend much money on marketing, he added.
When they arrived at the house for the regular visit, the boys ran inside and Powell slammed the door in the social worker's face. She called her supervisor and 911, reaching the call center in Tacoma, about 10 miles from the house.
The Rose Quarter delays continue today.
But Bill Wolfe of the Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility said Martin recently rejected his staff’s recommendation for new water standards for an unregulated pollutant called perchlorates, which may cause thyroid problems in some women.
Atmosphere: <U+2605><U+2605><U+2605><U+2605>
Ed O'Neill - "Modern Family"
Ford, 44, a contractor from Piscataway was found guilty in February of second-degree murder by Judge Joseph Cawley Jr. during a non-jury trial.
By Beth Hallisy
K-State was led by Rodney McGruder's 20 points and Will Spradling's 14 (13 in the first half).
The governor is still considering privatizing other valuable assets such as the Ohio Turnpike and the state lottery, although he did not include those plans in his budget proposal.
"The president is offering a common sense path for illegal immigrants to get right with the law by passing a criminal background check, paying a fine, paying back taxes and learning English," Goddard said. "These are all steps I have long endorsed."
Pick 4: 0205 Payoff: $1,977.50
Every day, the sound of time running out becomes more deafening. Every hour, the inadequacy of Bing's means to the task at hand becomes more apparent.
Several changes were made to the legislative map before the vote Wednesday morning in northwest Ohio and southeast Ohio, but proposed changes for the Cuyahoga County state senate districts were abandoned.
Kate Allen, director of Amnesty International U.K., expressed disappointment over the ruling and said that the human rights judges should have ruled on the strength of assurances from Jordan.
Americans increased their spending more slowly in March, a sign that scant pay increases may be causing consumers to become more cautious.
NFL cross-ownership rules prevent an NFL owner from owning a majority interest in another pro franchise outside of his market, if that non-football franchise is in a city with an NFL team. L.A. does not have a pro football franchise and hasn't had one since 1994.
This is the first in The Times of Trenton's 2012 prom series. We will be visiting proms for local high schools over the next several weeks. Want The Times to come to your prom? Post a comment below with the school, date and time.
We visited a vast 22,000 acre training base in East Kabul, where thousands of new Afghan recruits begin their military instruction with classes in basic literacy and numeracy (some cannot even count the number of rounds of ammunition being issued to them). Since President Obama's speech one year ago at West Point announcing a surge of American troops, the number of volunteer recruits has climbed, and thousands of trained Afghan soldiers are being added to the army every day. However, the strength of the force is sapped by a persistently high attrition rate. The question is how quickly and at what level of sustainability the Afghan forces can be trained and deployed to provide security and stability for their own country.
Knute Rockne recruited some of his best players out of the police lineups and pool halls, but he put Notre Dame on the map. It is the greatest name in college football history, faded though it has become, despite NBC's best efforts to depict its games as nationally meaningful.
AVON, Ohio -- City Council President Clinton S. Pelfrey resigned Wednesday after being charged with drunken driving and speeding on March 30.
Answer: Shade sails can be great from a design and a functional standpoint. A well-designed and crafted sail might be a perfect option. Just remember that it, too, would need to be cleaned of the debris as time goes by.
Other than those "bumps in the road," as she and her husband describe them, Ryburn says she's doing well.
"Lost" (ABC)
It's not like your area is devoid of talent.
Secretary of State Jon Husted, the state's elections chief, has said he supports the repeal of HB 194 to avoid any voter confusion. Yet Husted, a Republican, also is willing to consider supporting a replacement bill with new reforms that would take effect before the presidential election, spokesman Matt McClellan said Thursday.
"I don't want a Marine haircut," Walton said as he settled into the barber's chair.
And they should listen, given the accolades that come along with the man standing in front of them. The former Evans High player came back to his roots after his playing career ended. He was an All-American at Miami and played 309 games over 10 years with the Washington Redskins, Cleveland Browns and Denver Broncos in the NFL.
It was a foregone conclusion that Stanford (23-1, 14-0) would win its 12th straight conference championship, but consider these other numbers: the Cardinal has won 71 games in a row over Pac-12 teams, 25 straight over Oregon State. And oh yes, Stanford has a 42-game win streak going in the month of February.
On the pop-music side, boxed sets aren't quite the hot holiday sellers that they once were. Nonetheless, record companies continue to crank out multi-disc compilations to suit almost anyone's musical tastes. Read on for more about the most noteworthy new sets.
The shameful effort to repeal the Dream Act can only mean two things: a) the delegate wants to create a permanent underclass of people who have been denied an opportunity at a decent education in Maryland, or b) the delegate wants to see our Hispanic neighbors forcibly transported back to — mainly — Mexico to enjoy the drug wars in that country.
Analysts said the strongest retailers seem to be gaining,—or in Wal-Mart's case, regaining—business from struggling competitors such as Lowe's Cos. and Sears Holdings Corp., the ...
Day Eight in the trial of Hemy Neuman, charged in the Nov. 18, 2010 death of Dunwoody businessman Rusty Sneiderman, began Thursday morning in DeKalb Superior Court. The defense began its case Wednesday with witnesses describing Neuman's mental state.
The boy's parents agreed last month to share legal and physical custody. They also agreed to allow Sebastian to regularly see one of his half brothers.
"We've got a vigorous campaign. I believe in fact that we're going to win the campaign," the embattled Republican said on CNN's Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien.
"My sense is that he will win," said Melvin Butch Hollowell, an attorney for the Detroit NAACP who ran against Conyers in 1994 but supports his re-election efforts this year. "But people are nervous about it, and they should be because of the way the map is drafted."
Kristi Moriarty's tip for driving on the left -- and she's used this one many times on roads from Australia to South Africa -- is to use another vehicle in front of you to orient yourself. By following the car, but not too closely, she always knows that she's in the correct lane.
COLLEGE SWIMMING
As a lifelong Republican I am troubled by Sen. Edward Reilly's hypocrisy ("Bill banning smoking with child in car attacked," March 6).
The commuter rail agency initially thought trains would have to be cancelled or combined, but neither of those situations occurred, she said.
Thomas, the reigning Vezina and Conn Smythe Trophy winner, gave Holtby a tap on the shoulder and said, "Great job, kid."
goes even further, with one outrageous strip depicting Rocky trying to quit the gay life by going cold turkey. He fails, with theatrical flair, and after almost dying is brought back to life with an injection from Hudson.
Mink: So even if you count the time you've spent sitting out...
He called for more screening and treatment dollars, as well as more workforce training to deal with children and adults with the disorder.
Did you know? The couple leave the Olympic-size lap pool in their home empty because Forrest says maintenance for it is money "foolishly spent."
Abu Nadim, 42, has a teddy-bear face and a left hand that's wrapped in blue fabric and missing three fingers, casualties of a grenade experiment that went awry. He holds his cigarette between thumb and stub.
It is important to remember that reasonable accommodation requests differ for each individual and must be evaluated on a case-by-basis. Fair housing law does not protect persons whose tenancy creates a nuisance or "direct threat" to the health or safety of other individuals. Your concern about whether this animal may cause a nuisance should not be based on fear or speculation but rather on an evaluation of trustworthy, objective data.
Best Actress in a Drama
If absence makes the heart grow stronger, perhaps it also makes the food memories better.
This slender woman has engaged this land and environment with intimacy, passion -- and patience. The couple have lived in the modest house they built since 1989 but did not begin to garden until seven years later. Sarkissian walked the land, watched the light, observed wildlife, learned about native plants and water harvesting, revived their clay fill soil ("the worst," she says), and took in what it means to live with threats of fire and flood.
As a result, North Korean athletes are not allowed to mingle with athletes from other nations inside the village. And they refused to talk with reporters after their performance on Tuesday until their coach -- a woman named Jong Ae Ryu -- gave her blessing. It's protocol, and the whole contingent hurried off after a few minutes and polite explanation that they didn't come to Beijing to be tourists or make friends.
But he will play well for someone next season. I doubt it will be the Pistons. Then again, if Collins doesn't come back, who knows? We might even see Otis smile.
André Roberson and Mike Moser will be the focus. But CU wants to take advantage of senior Austin Dufault (6-9), who has become a dependable scorer (averaging 10.9 points). If he gets physical, he could be in for a big night against UNLV's Brice Massamba, a 6-10, 245-pounder who has a classic European-type game that relies on finesse, not power.
So she brought them back to the office, where they joined three other kids removed that night. Before the sun came up, they would all go to the East Valley Child Crisis Center. The six siblings were split up and spread across the county.
Cured
Reveles, who is no longer part of the leadership of Somos America, said he has been astounded by the leaders and groups that oppose the new law.
T.R. Reid, "The Healing of America: A Global Quest for Better, Cheaper, and Fairer Health Care," 5 p.m. Monday. $30.
Orlando Magic center Dwight Howard will undoubtedly leave the NBA All-Star Weekend the same way he entered it: a 6-11, 265-pound question mark. His demand for a trade is still on the table, and a decision by the franchise is still in the air.
Keith Rogers singled and scored on another Rodriguez throwing error in the fifth and Diego Gonzalez extended the lead with an opposite field homer in the sixth.
Owens has been in prison since 1989 for raping another woman he knew. He was scheduled to be released next year.
"The Secret Service has got me in their BlackBerry, so I'm extremely satisfied," she said. "It feels so good to have somebody actually listen."
One of the parking lot plots will be maintained by Maria Figueroa and her Refugee Resource and Research Institute of Indiana, which works with refugees and immigrants from Eritrea, Ethiopia, Iraq, Liberia, the Philippines, Zimbabwe and Myanmar.
"Many in our office are actually mentors to teachers and we work one-one-one with teachers," Smith said. "There are a lot of different reasons why we should be inside of a school."
Price's use of bright color on clay forms was a distinctive feature of his work. Sometimes he achieved it through the use of acrylic paint rather than fired glazes, a method that upset ceramic purists but satisfied the artist's determination to follow his interests. The technique has reached new heights since the 1990s. Sexy, bulbous forms are painted black, layered with lush acrylic colors and then sanded to reveal the under-paint in richly textured spots of brilliant hues. Some sculptures carry 70 thin coats of paint.
My favorite subject: Government.
Coleman said he has not spoken to Schnoebelen since her departure. He said he does not know whether she has found other work.
"You would need two or three quarterbacks to make it work in the NFL," Brooks said.
After sampling a little too much pie, I found it hard to be super critical and was generous with grades.
On just under an acre, the Moroccan-style home has four bedrooms, 8½ bathrooms and maid's quarters. There's also a saltwater pool, gazebo and an outdoor kitchen. The property has 100 feet of waterfront with docking for boats. The home is on Star Island, which has been home to numerous celebrities including Shaquille O'Neal, Gloria Estefan and Rosie O'Donnell.
Radiation levels in seawater near the plant, owned by Tokyo Electric Power Co., dropped dramatically even before engineers plugged a water leak at the facility on Wednesday, and authorities expect levels to continue falling now that the flow of contaminated water has diminished.
"Everybody knows what they have to do, and if you do it, it just makes (their decisions) that much tougher. I wouldn't want to be them if everybody keeps doing what they're doing.
Still, Woodall and several other supporters of the Fair Tax and a flat income tax said they were concerned that keeping the income tax intact along with the consumption tax would allow those 9’s to rise over time. Consumption taxes were introduced in Europe at low amounts that gradually grew.
I think I speak for many Browns fans when I say, "What's a second-half adjustment?"
"The governor can't order the state to search people's bodily fluids for no reason - the Constitution prohibits that sort of government intrusion," said Howard Simon, executive director of the ACLU of Florida. "And the governor can't demand that people surrender their constitutional rights for the privilege of working for the state or receiving some other government benefit."
"Columbus is trying to get between you and your ballot," FitzGerald warns. "Let's do something about it."
She said McIntosh was not a permanent resident of Glendale.
A: I always resented not being a trustafarian, just being able to do things more easily. It would be easier to start a business. It would be more fun. I've never traveled. I've never skied.
Traffic accident. Camino de los Mares and Camino Vera Cruz. The driver of a black Ford Explorer reportedly crashed into a tree and was later hospitalized. A witness said the driver appeared to be having a seizure. City crews were called to cut down the tree, which had fallen into traffic lanes. 11:37 p.m.
S.M. Schmidt, Middle River
7:47 p.m. Assault, 13656 Estero Circle.
Two other series in the conference are also headed to Game 7s. Washington will be at second-seeded Boston on Wednesday and Ottawa will be at the top-seeded New York Rangers on Thursday.
Of course, costs aren't the only consideration, and many families who choose to pay for advice may get their money's worth. An adviser can help select investments that match the family's appetite for risk, and help maintain an appropriate mix of stock and bond funds as college enrollment approaches. Then there are the complex rules to navigate about tax treatment and withdrawals. Investors also need to balance college-savings needs with other objectives, like saving for retirement or a home purchase.
According to the Center for Disease Control, vaccines can cause severe allergic reactions and sometimes do have side effects, though usually minor . A fund set up by the federal government to compensate for vaccine-related injury and death has paid out about $2 billion to 2,580 claimants since it started in 1988.
Power has been restored to almost of all of the 7,000 Salt River Project customers who lost power as a result of the storm.
"We had a major altercation with the precinct," she said. But the dog park united neighbors and deterred crime, she said.
In North Carolina, Brian Casey, president and CEO of the High Point Market Authority, agreed. He expects the bank and the special servicer, J. E. Robert Cos., to sell the property while MMPI continues to manage tenants spread over seven buildings.
Not only that; Judge Jerry Smith of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit told the lawyer: "I would like to have from you by noon on Thursday … a letter stating what is the position of the attorney general and the Department of Justice, in regard to the recent statements by the president, stating specifically and in detail in reference to those statements what the authority is of the federal courts in this regard in terms of judicial review. That letter needs to be at least three pages single spaced, no less, and it needs to be specific. It needs to make specific reference to the president’s statements and again to the position of the attorney general and the Department of Justice."
"Centipede" gained justified notoriety but at least it had artistic merit. It was shot beautifully, it was daring and original, unlike anything you'd ever seen before and something you had to tell people about. This may sound strange given the subject matter, but there was an unexpected elegance to the simplicity of the storytelling. There was genuine suspense that built quietly and steadily, with none of the gratuitous, graphic violence that marks today's torture porn.
Dillon spoke before the Board of State Canvassers deadlocked 2-2 Thursday morning on putting a proposal to overturn the law on the state<U+0092>s fall ballot, sending the issue to the state Court of Appeals.
Parkway South (No. 4), Eureka (No. 6) and Francis Howell Central (No. 10) also are ranked in Class 4. MICDS (No. 5), Borgia (No. 7) are ranked in Class 3. Crystal City (No. 7) is the only area team ranked in Class 2.
She held her first work party last Wednesday. About 15 friends showed up and spent 4 1/2 hours cutting bags. But at the end of the day, they had finished only one tarp.
5 Layne Moore Missouri
Michael Floore, the city's new police chief, told Durbin he needs more police officers on the street. The department now has 46 officers, down from more than 60 just a few years ago.
In addition to the immediate concerns regarding curriculum, testing and evaluations, Ms. Lowery at some point will also have to address the state's dysfunctional charter school regulations, which allow local school districts to summarily reject applications for opening new charter schools regardless of the quality of their programs or the desire of communities for alternatives to failing schools. The state board of education should have the authority to independently authorize charters when local school boards reject them for no other reason than that they don't want the competition. Moreover, Maryland's charter school law is virtually unique in requiring that teachers be hired by local school systems rather allowing such schools to hire their own staff. Ms. Lowery is going to have to lead the charge in the legislature for these reforms as well.
Deputies said the father told them he left the toddler alone so he could walk her mother to her job at a group home and buy cigarettes. The mother said the pair left the child alone, deputies said.
Clark, a father of three, was known as a generous soul in San Clemente who frequently allowed others who were down on their luck to live in his home on Avenida Esplanade.
For this former Pendleton Center for the Arts outreach coordinator, life in Minamisoma (pronounced mee-nah-mee-so-mah) brings struggles and joy. Japan's immigration officials almost cut short her dream but managed to find an exception, issuing a special cultural visa letting her work as an English teacher.
• But the Post wasn't done with Melo. George Willis, who also covers boxing, got a few good shots in as well: "It was time to play the role of hero. Instead, Anthony laid a dud, shooting just 7 of 23 from the field en route to 22 points in the Knicks’ disheartening 87-70 loss at the Garden... Some might point to a fourth quarter collapse as the reason the Knicks are down 0-3 in the series and set a NBA record with a 13th straight playoff defeat. But the tone for Anthony’s miserable night was set early when he made just 2 of his first 10 shots. Had it not been for some stirring play by the Knicks’ bench (22 points) and some inept shooting by the Heat, it wouldn’t have been as close as it was, 58-56 Miami, heading into the fourth quarter."
"Ford Motor Co. is a Scrooge. The company is no longer giving retirees a Christmas bonus of $300 to $400. After bragging they had a $10 billion profit for the last two years, they gave their employees a bonus of $5,000 to $6,000 with more to come. And to the greedy workers who couldn't care less about the retirees, which you will be one day: What goes around comes around."
If visitors are strapped for time, village publicist Aimee Darnell suggests focusing on the Centre Family Dwelling, the 40-room building where 60-80 adults lived together as a family, and the Meeting House, where the Shakers worshipped.
øPassenger space, 93.4 to 97.5 cu. ft. depending on model.
“I believe this emerging presence is a symbol of the growth of our community in Greater Cleveland and the evolution of our children in becoming Clevelanders. While other folks have moved out of this ‘rust belt’ region, Latinos/as are moving and making this area their home. The faith-based voter registration rally on April 21 should send a message of how we (Latinos/as) are beginning to understand that in a democratic society like ours, our vote counts!”
øA dreadful stretch starting in February almost cost them a playoff berth before they recovered late in the season to get the seventh seed in the closing days. San Jose then won its series opener against St. Louis before losing four consecutive games with the season-long problem of penalty killing playing a major role.
Eight Newark police officers in full dress escorted the casket, followed by the congressman’s son Donald Payne Jr., his wife and family, brother William Payne and other relatives.
The woman said she was in the Marc’s parking lot when she beeped at the woman in the other vehicle because the woman was blocking her view. The other woman then got out of her vehicle and began calling the woman, “filthy, dirty names.”
Goalkeeper? That was last on the list, although Soler and Backe didn’t take long in jettisoning Danny Cepero, the 2009 starter who they felt wasn’t up to snuff.
Raymond Somich*
Lewis passes on that wisdom to others as president of 100 Black Men of Orange County – an international organization whose name has nothing to do with numbers and everything to do with cultural pride and helping African American teens become successful adults.
As for the shares being set aside, GM's employees, dealers and retirees have until
For someone grounded almost entirely in e-mail, Torvalds turns out to be an easy conversationalist with a puckish, self-deprecating sense of humor. He explains his success as the fortuitous product of dueling personality quirks.
Much like a bonsai garden, many dishes in the kaiseki menu evoke rich images. You can feel the majestic forest in the mackerel presentation, a bright burst of spring in the sushi, and the pull of the rustic countryside in the rice course with miso soup that followed.
For Greece, using the name of the Republic of Macedonia implies the landlocked country of 2 million people has territorial claims to the northern Greek region also known as Macedonia, and represents a serious threat that goes well beyond symbolism. For its neighbor, it's a matter of national pride, sovereignty and self-identity.
Yacht clubs and restaurants stood by at all hours to greet boats as they finished, with welcome meals and touches such as warm towels and cold beers. Local businesses such as Scott's Seafood and the Waterfront Hotel reported a big boost in sales from the stopover.
But the problems with his game are temporary. Given time to clear his mind and sort through the issues affecting his personal life -- and that is likely to take a while longer -- Woods will be his formidable self again.
McMillan is a prideful man. He's a man of principles. It's why he bolted Seattle for Portland six seasons ago, and you can already sense that he's wondering what more he needs to do to demonstrate he deserves an extension. This Blazers organization can be bone-headed, clumsy and stubborn, can't it?
New Jerseyans can take some comfort as the state is battered tonight by a wet spring storm: we're not alone.
Manning is 13-of-17 for 120 yards and a two-yard touchdown to Victor Cruz, while Tom Brady is 15-of-18 for 147 yards and the touchdown.
"What became clear is that, under any circumstances, he would not be able to function in a coaching role," Erickson said.
1 tablespoon New Mexican chili powder
Maybe Joe will come forth and say it ain't so. For now, it appears he should have said so much more so long ago.
I found only two faults with the new ride:
I moved to St. Louis in 2005 to work for Anheuser-Busch.
Last year, Argentina launched a tax evasion investigation of several big agribusiness companies, including Cargill. Cargill has denied it made any deceptive or false tax transactions, and says a dispute with Argentina over tax claims is being resolved in court there.
But I know it did, and that inescapable truth reawakens my sadness about the violence that laid waste to much of the beloved community where I had grown up.
As Porach explains, not only does it erase surface pigmentation, but used with tretinoin, the products increase cell turnover and refine the surface of the skin. They also plump up the skin below the surface so that it rebuilds collagen, elastin and glycosaminoglycans, which are a natural moisture component in the skin. Those all give the skin a more youthful appearance.
10 — In prep baseball, North Hagerstown routs South Hagerstown 11-1 for share of MVAL Antietam title with Williamsport.
The Kennedy has been hosting high-energy club nights for some time now, but their recent remodeling introduces a new addition to the club that the folks at the Kennedy are billing as an entirely separate experience. Ivy is an outdoor bar and lounge that sits directly behind the indoor nightclub's DJ booth, allowing patrons to move between a packed dance floor and a relaxed lounge setting in a matter of seconds.
Extenuating circumstances for a fashion felony? Perhaps, which is why I sometimes issue a lenient warning guffaw to some celebs I snare in my sartorial stakeouts.
At the same time, a hedgerow of Himalayan blackberry adjacent to the berries was ripped out. Granted, Himalayan blackberries are not natives, but this was done during nesting season with quail and pheasants present.
The Magoolaghans, for example, had to leave their heavily damaged San Bruno home for 16 months after the fire, commuting from Belmont to Crestmoor every day.
"I'd have to say (the pitching) is not an area of concern but up in the air, a question mark," said Grumich. "I think they'll all be fine, but going into the year you never know."
"We have four houses. The kids each have a house if they want it. <U+FFFD> I'm sure everybody does it. I'm not doing anything unusual." Jeana, on providing for her brood.
Daniels was elected Indiana governor in 2004 after serving as President George W. Bush’s budget director, where he earned the nickname "the blade" for his cost cutting. He was reelected in 2008 by an 18-point margin.
In May 2007, Brink flew to Chicago, believing he had an appointment to meet with his CNA claims adjuster. When he arrived, Brink said, he was told nobody would meet with him. Security guards escorted him out of CNA headquarters.
Paul conceded that his usual arguments against rushing to use military force have fallen on deaf ears. He’s right. When it comes to dealing with conflict abroad, moral reasoning and constitutional arguments don’t seem to cut much ice with Republican voters. (Nor do simple appeals to prudence.) So Paul made a fiscal argument, pointing out the crippling costs of war to the budget.
On a night the Mets should have been celebrating Hairston becoming the 10th player in team history to hit for the cycle, they were instead left dumbfounded over the 11 runs the Rockies scored in the fifth inning, with help from four errors.
Consider her a Big Red interior and exterior decorator. Blanford-Green said she once was told that "each state association has furniture. It's how you arrange it."
It took Continental to make the move. Honolulu always has a lot of business and leisure travel, and Maui, if I read my mail correctly, is by far the most popular outer island (Maui's nice, but Kauai's my favorite). I flew the first Continental flight to Honolulu and, despite the small 737 aircraft, it was great going over without making the trip to LAX.
The new deputy chiefs are Steve Christeson, who has been with the district since 1984; Dan Bertelsmeier, a firefighter in Lemay since 1991; and Brian Heidbreder, a firefighter there since 1995. The two new captains are Norm Glover and Larry Lewellen, who have been with the district since 1986 and 1995, respectively.
Reaching any agreement is likely to be seen as a success given more than a year and a half of negotiations during which the entire effort appeared in danger of falling apart multiple times.
Food drive
Stermer's cat-and-mouse drew the ire of some reporters, who suspected they were being used as part of a strategy to scare the Legislature and the state into agreeing to the tax hike by showing how bad things will be without it. Among the specters raised by Stermer is the potential layoffs of 13,000 teachers and others from public education, because schools and universities aren't getting the state money they need to operate.
In 2003 during shooting for "Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith," Fitzgerald traveled to a soundstage in Australia to pitch Lucas on the premise of a randomized, branching story line for the new Star Tours. Lucas loved it.
That same purity is evident in the salt cod fried rice ($10), a dish I want to order on each visit. Bowien makes a confit of escolar and stir-fries it with little rounds of Chinese sausage, scallions, jasmine rice and egg. Another favorite is warm egg custard ($8), with the silken texture of chawan mushi, chicken confit underneath and small coins of sweet Hokkaido scallops on top, shimmering in a winter melon consomme.
Q: I'd like a tree that will give me height without much width for my townhouse patio. I'm leaning toward Italian cypress but wonder if I should consider other Houston-friendly plants.
Bryan Monti "didn't have a pulse and he wasn't breathing," said Wurzburger.
But even so, six decades take a toll on a person. Things start to break down. Knees give way. Discs bulge. New aches pop up in unexpected places, and the scary thing is, you can't be sure if the new ache will ever go away. Maybe it is here to stay.
"The benefits of trade," she says, "far outweigh the fear."
The suspect left the store in a red Toyota before officers arrived, police said.
The Knights (8-1) advance to play the winner of the Effingham at Mount Zion game, which will be played Saturday.
World oil markets immediately swooned. Crude-oil prices spiked as high as $104 a barrel — then jumped back down once everyone realized the threat was largely idle.
"Because that can definitely throw fog in the mix. People get clouded visions of you and they think that you are something that you're not," she said. "I could be perceived as the Paris Hilton of drag racing, but that's just not my style. I wanted to prove myself as a driver. Not just a female driver, but a driver. And I think I've done that."
The acting chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Michael Copps, has instructed the commission's staff to review exclusivity arrangements.
18-year-old Glendale resident.
"Something told me, ‘Go!’ I don’t know what it was. But if I had hesitated, even for a second, I wouldn’t have made it out alive. I passed people who were just standing around, talking. They didn’t realize how serious it was. They didn’t make it."
The plan will head Tuesday to the Legislature, which has already passed a bill to cap property taxes to 2.9 percent. Instead of drafting new legislation, Christie will write details of the deal into a conditional veto of that bill. Lawmakers would then have to pass that bill again. If enacted, the change would be in effect for next year’s municipal budgets.
As the students, predominantly African-American, look to enroll elsewhere, the NAACP says they should be able to transfer to schools outside the city based on a contested state law. The law allows students living within the boundaries of unaccredited school systems - such as those in St. Louis and Riverview Gardens - to enroll in accredited districts nearby, with their home district paying for tuition and transportation. The law is the focus of a lawsuit, Turner vs. School District of Clayton, awaiting a decision in St. Louis County Circuit Court.
17000 block of Kenyon Drive - 4/9 - Petty theft
The Cleveland Pops Orchestra and conductor Carl Topilow perform all sorts of tunes during the course of a concert season -- many by themselves, others with guest vocalists and choruses.
“That was great to see,’’ said Halahuni, who said if his shoulder keeps him out at the start of the season he will devote his time to making the team’s younger tight ends better.
In parenting, sharing little things is key
The utility should have known that if it lost one of its transformers, the other would overload, according to the report.
Still, the already strong recovery in prices has given support to calls for keeping production levels unchanged.
Which is too bad, because the A's, almost as if by accident, have put together a likable, scrappy young team that is hanging in there with the division's older, richer guys.
Two, even though local-control legislation has support in the House, Mr. Nixon must believe it to be DOA in the state Senate, where outstate senators have been convinced by the St. Louis Police Officers Association and its lobbyists that local control threatens law and order.
161 Williams Rd, $23,000
That is why it was hard when Payne found out last summer Norwood had committed suicide, and even harder still when she learned she had missed his memorial service.
Maureen Dawson of Vancouver, British Columbia, as trustee of the MBG Dawson Trust, paid cash for a 6,588-square-foot home with a pool built in 2004 in Red Rock at the base of Camelback Mountain in Phoenix. The home was sold by John R. O'Malley, managing partner of Camelback Toyota in Phoenix. O'Malley paid $4.65 million for the property in 2006.
Moore said they will work with CityArchRiver 2015 Foundation, the local group leading an effort to improve the park landscape, to pick replacements from among eight tree species.
"He feels good," Girardi said. "That's the big thing. He physically feels good. He doesn't feel like he's taxing his body too much. He pitched in some pretty raw conditions the other day, as well. So because of that, we might change where he throws."
"The Grey"
The edge going into The Players Championship belongs to McIlroy, the U.S. Open champion, based on consistency. Not only did he win the Honda Classic in early March to reach No. 1 for the first time, he has finished out of the top five only once this year. That was at the Masters, where he was one shot behind going into the weekend, closed with 77-76 and tied for 40th.
Two turnovers led to a pair of first-period goals. Backes beat Theodore with a shot from the slot 6:04 in after picking off Brian Campbell's outlet pass.
The operative theory behind performance funding is that universities are inefficient. They cost too much money for what we're getting. To fix that problem, we will tie funding to performance. Retain more students. Graduate more students and graduate them in four years.
The discounts and the ages of qualifying adopters vary according to shelters. Here's a rundown. Unless otherwise noted, fee reductions apply throughout May:
The good news is that help may be on the way, as urban and rural communities alike test innovative grocery models. Consider: An inner-city church wants to donate its kitchen and cold storage for a market stocked with fresh fruits and vegetables. A county commissioner works on a virtual grocery for his supermarket-less district. A rural high school runs the town's only grocery store.
In the meantime, parents wait and wonder.
Aramark is the giant of America’s food-service industry, topping Fortune’s list of the "World’s Most Admired Companies." So when Aramark, whose menu runs the gamut from lobster rolls at Boston’s Fenway Park to meals for most of New Jersey’s county inmates, came up short on a $12 million contract, it flexed its legal muscle.
The TSA’s area director, Jim Blair, visited the airport this month to discuss improving security, but a TSA spokeswoman insisted the trip was unrelated to the lapses.
Freese led the Cardinals offense with two hits and three RBIs. Carlos Beltran doubled, walked, scored two runs and stole two bases. Beltran has five steals on the season, already his most since 2009.
The proposed 220-mph system would produce $13.8 billion in new business sales annually and 104,000 permanent new jobs when it is in full operation, the study estimated. Over the 30-year operating life of the initial system infrastructure investments, the total value would be $295.9 billion in business sales and $117.9 billion in wages, it said.
"Manufacturers will continue to improve the cameras with higher resolutions, better focus, and several other features to differentiate their devices on a crowded market where touch screen smartphones look alike," Jeronimo said.
From LAX, Air Tahiti Nui and Air France offer nonstop service to Paris, and Delta, British and Lufthansa offer connecting service (change of plane). Restricted round-trip fares begain at $485, excluding taxes and fees. The Brittany coast is an easy 300-mile drive west of Paris.
RTA spent $6.8 million on overtime in 2011, a 19 percent jump from 2010, payroll records show.
After the 14-play, 96-yard touchdown drive that ended with a four-yard touchdown to Danny Woodhead, the stats are similar on both sides.
Through his agent, Vilma issued a statement saying he is "shocked and extremely disappointed" by the punishment and denied he was a bounty ringleader.
"I can do this," Woods said. "I've just got to be patient."
"These are the teachers on the front lines with our learners just starting to read," said Karen Balmer, executive director of the Minnesota Board of Teaching.
When dancing lions snaked through the streets of Chinatown earlier this month, it was in celebration of Chinese new year, an event feted here annually for generations.
The company sued the FTC two weeks ago, hoping to have a judge declare the agency's new advertising standards invalid. POM said in the complaint it filed in federal district court that the FTC was violating the company's right to free speech and imposing an "undue hardship ... by suddenly changing direction in the criteria it uses to evaluate deceptive advertising."
Community members, who have formed a task force to work with Under Armour, say they simply want a chance to be heard as the plans develop.
Rep. Scott Rigell (R) - $293,257
County officials want to prevent these demolitions while they consider requiring that the demolition of commercial and industrial properties include restoring the sites to their pre-built state. In the council's public forum, Fenton Mayor Dennis Hancock said the freeze might hinder redevelopment of the closed Chrysler complex and the rebuilding of an area in Sunset Hills that a tornado recently hit. Councilman Greg Quinn, R-Ballwin, voted against the freeze.
North Plains residents with junk that doesn't sell, old appliances, or items for donation can drop them off at North Plains Clean-up Day, 8 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. May 12, at Jessie Mays Community Center.
Chrysler<U+0092>s steering-wheel-mounted controls for cruise, voice recognition, phone and audio are among the best in the auto industry. The rest of the controls are equally easy to use.
A separate agreement commits PGE to work with those groups and others to try to find renewable replacement power instead of just switching to natural gas.
"We usually experience sports sitting at home with a few people watching it on television, or with 20,000 people in an arena," Kail said. "What we wanted to give you was something in-between."
He told military judge Col. James L. Pohl that he did not know that the $50,000 that he carried from Pakistan to Thailand in late 2002 would be used in the deadly hotel attack, which was carried out after he was captured in March 2003. But he said he knew it was al-Qaida money, and he delivered it voluntarily.
Maurice N. Hundley and Betty Hundley to Omer G. Hundley Jr. and Regina Hundley, 1.652 acres in Boyle County, property exchange; fair cash value, $1,000.
The rehearsal process has been pretty quick, Filios said, and a lot of fun.
They’re planning big, too. After the success of their Christmas house decorating contest, where Capt. Spatero and Chief Rafael Muniz judged more than a dozen houses for awards such as Best Entryway, Most Colorful and Best Overall, they’re planning on a big Spring Fling carnival and fair.
A $10,000 check from Season of Sharing will keep that work going at full blast in 2008.
The Blaze regained the lead on a 5-yard TD pass from Grady to Robinson. San Jose took it right back after Brinkley jumped on a Grady fumble at the SaberCats' 4-yard line. Tommy Taggart's 1-yard TD run gave San Jose a 53-47 lead.
Tony's take: Tough turnaround for Bears after Monday night win. Bears, 27-23.
Opponents say the bill would be unfair to workers in the casinos. ``We're talking about workers who really don't have a lot of choice'' but to put up with smoke if it's allowed in the casinos, said Rep. Ann Williams, D-Chicago.
"I don't feel like giving up just yet," said Westwood, who had his seventh top-3 finish in a major since the 2008 U.S. Open.
Last fall, Romney joined other Republican hopefuls in denouncing Obama's foreign policy as one of "appeasement." Obama's response? "Ask bin Laden about that." Ouch.
Smith's support includes a representative of the Canadian government.
Better education would help families realize the importance of preventive care and dental check-ups, he said.
As a life-long nerd, I am all too aware of what happens if the kids think you are different. Names and worse could be thrown at you for the rest of your school life. At least I don't have to worry about physical harm coming to him any time soon; I may have cursed him with a horrible 'shy" gene, but I also blessed him with a "bigger than everyone else in class and possibly the whole school" gene. And yes, this does make you stick out in a crowd (the nerd's worse nightmare), but it also makes bullies rethink beating you up. They can't punch out your teeth if they can't reach up high enough to hit your chin.
His grandson said the building had been targeted several times by burglars in the last year or so.
The FBI agent portrays Kazmi as paranoid, frisking the vendor for recording devices. On Jan. 19, Beeckman wrote that the FBI wired the vendor's office before a meeting with Allebban, but Allebban told the vendor "to leave the office and go to a coffee shop."
By the end of our journey into the pages of history, I think we all learned that, as is the case with so many other tales from our nation's past, the reality of the events always surpasses anything even a great poet like Longfellow could construct using a bit of fiction.
Women's College Basketball--NCAA Division I Tournament, Texas A&M vs. Maryland, 11 a.m. (ESPN); Notre Dame vs. St. Bonaventure, 1:30 p.m. (ESPN2); Connecticut vs. Penn State, 3:30 p.m. (ESPN2); Gonzaga vs. Kentucky, 6 p.m. (ESPN2)
Q: Are you responsible for half-time as well?
Kostka cashed in a winning lottery ticket, believed to have been stolen from among a pile of losing tickets in Coyne’s apartment. The prosecutor said Kostka promptly used that money to buy heroin across town.
Protect Your Care is headed nationally by Massacusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and former Wisconsin Gov. Jim Doyle. Another of its top advisers is Neera Tanden of the Center for American Progress, a leading liberal think tank. Others include Paul Tewes, who was President Barack Obama's Iowa state director in 2008, and Ami Copeland, Obama's deputy finance director in the 2008 primary and senior finance adviser to the Democratic National Committee.
Of the eight nominating contests so far, Mr. Santorum has now won four, while Mr. Romney has won three and Newt Gingrich one—a tally that seemed unlikely only a few days ago. Until Tuesday, Mr. Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator, had won only a single contest, a narrow victory in Iowa's Jan. 3 caucuses.
"Not Gingrich" is how Annette Purvis says she plans to vote. "I've never liked Gingrich. Never. Never in the history of Gingrich."
The budget proposal has already provided ample fodder for debate and provoked tussles over scarce resources.
"I would be thankful if people, whether they were having a bad day or not, would treat service people -- cashiers, policemen, waitresses, garbage women, etc. -- better. My Nana taught me that you treat people the way you want to be treated. That was more than 50 years ago, and it has served me very well. Thank you to all that take care of me on a daily, weekly, monthly and yearly basis."
“I know it doesn’t really help me, but I think their patience is kind of wearing a little bit with my performance,” Schwinden said. “I just have to keep my head on straight, and if I get another opportunity, try to go for it.”
Building design: Designed to fit into the desert site with a minimum of disturbance, the facility has been LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certified by the United States Green Building Council.
We believe, as our founders did, that “the pursuit of happiness” depends upon individual liberty; and individual liberty requires limited government.
Goals — BC: Raclawski 4, Martinez 2; PC: Not reported. Assists — BC: Raclawski 2, Martinez 2, Rios.
Dear John: I recommend you explain to your readers, including me, why speculators couldn’t drive gasoline prices downward by taking short positions as easily as driving it up through long positions.
Academic rank: 9 of 46
Convention officials have said they hope to use the convention to mobilize volunteers and supporters. Priebus, in his first public visit to Charlotte, said North Carolina Republicans would <U+0093>have what they need.<U+0094>
Mielke said the new fee formula is based mainly on two factors: the city's 2006 parks, trails and open space plan, and park needs based on 2030 population estimates. The park plan recommends acquiring 481 acres for new parks, in addition to the 1,551 acres of parks and trails existing in 2005.
Colombian prostitutes and lavish partying in Vegas inspire hot headlines -- and understandably infuriate the public. But concerned as President Obama must be over the unfolding embarrassments in the Secret Service and the General Services Administration, he may actually be comforted by the feeble attempts of a few politicians to wring political profit from those scandals. The likelihood that the White House is implicated can be measured by their stature.
“Put the Brakes on Fatalities Day not only raises awareness about the individual responsibility we have for our driving behaviors, but also engages drivers in making positive changes behind-the-wheel every day of the year.”
In addition to local news and weather, national headlines and breaking news, "News 11 at 4" will have some of the vibe of a classic daytime show, Clark says.
Wing Lee Bakery
Stickler said the committee recognizes the "need for speed in the process," but also wants to find the right replacement. At this time, the committee has not retained a search firm, Stickler said.
Two pizza shells, pizza sauce and mozzarella cheese, that's what came in the package of "make-at-home pizzas." Every week, my mom would buy two packages for our Sunday night dinner. Every Sunday we would have pizza, made to order. My dad would have his own, each of my brothers would have his own, and my mom and I would split one. I would usually be the one to make them. The kitchen counter would be set up like an assembly line. Large pieces of aluminum foil first and then the shells with sauce carefully spread out on them. I had made them so often that all I would have to ask is "The usual tonight?" and everyone would say, "Yes!"-- Kathy Marusczak, Burton
In a blender, combine the cucumber, tequila, lime juice, agave and mint leaves. Blend until completely pureed. Add the ice and blend until the ice is finely chopped. Pour into a tall glass and garnish with mint and a lime wedge.
"The district and this community deserves someone who can devote a 24/7 focus," he said.
The ADEPT study that looked at the benefits of using technology to increase teens' use of their asthma medicine found peer support and musical cues increase adherence to the asthma control routine from 40 percent to 70 percent -- not perfect, but a whole lot better.
Imagine what it would have been like to live the Life of Manning.
Karen Cucci, despite ignoring the Munch Boss’ order to RSVP to an all-important e-mail, ended up winning valuable prizes (we’ll figure out what they are later) in a contest where the Munchers guessed how many pounds of chicken Grill Master in Bloomfield cooks in a week (4,200, if you need to know).
"People, I think, tend toward the traditional. They think it's part of being American," says Diane Morgan, the Portland, Ore.-based author of "The New Thanksgiving Table" and other cookbooks. "To do something different, you have to think outside the box."
While cities like Cleveland, Chicago, Pittsburgh and Baltimore all lost population last decade, their downtowns have been growing, thanks largely to young professionals moving in.
Scenic Cruises guests are immersed in the historically rich cities of Germany, charmed by Austria's romantic settings, and explore Hungary's thriving capital city of Budapest on the eight-day "Gems of the Danube" river cruise aboard the company's deluxe "Space-Ships." In addition to these three countries, guests have the choice to visit the medieval Czech town of Cesky Krumlov and Slovakia's capital city of Bratislava on two of the many optional excursions that are included as standard on all of the company's cruises - the only major river cruise line to offer as standard that which is additional on other lines.
Nobody was injured in either fire, but the Red Cross was helping two families from the apartment building.
Mertz worked with both Morgan and Leroux as they earned their way up the various national team age groups, notably as part of that 2008 world championship team, and saw their willingness to give their all in the rigorous trainings those teams undergo.
"It seemed like nobody was going to score," said Melvin, commenting on the huge swaths of a game marked by offensive futility save for Cespedes and Konerko.
In Middlesex Borough, school officials have made adjustments to how subjects are taught based on state test scores. When few students scored above proficient in language arts in previous years, the district created a gifted and talented class for language arts -- with strong results, said superintendent James Baker.
The coaster is like the southern Nevada recession — full of scary twists and turns — but there are two big differences: The economic thrill ride has lasted longer, and it's doubtful anyone will say it's been fun.
Page 100: Simon says he told police what he heard. A grand juror asks to confirm that Simon heard "I'm not going to drop it." Simon confirms that is what he heard, in a different voice from the officer's. He notes he went for a hike and was questioned by police three or four hours after the incident.
A woman with Nelso was hospitalized after being shot in the face.
Enjoy!
Monroy was locked up in the Jackson County jail for a month after he threatened his sister with a knife. A 22-year-old paranoid schizophrenic, he was pepper-sprayed, stunned with a Taser, and left naked and handcuffed in a solitary cell. By the time he was moved to a psychiatric hospital in Detroit, he believed government agents were out to kill him and climbed out of a fourth-story window, breaking his back and ankle.
How do you come back from a crushing loss to a team you’re supposed to manhandle with so much on the line? That was the question running through the Seton Hall (20-11) program in the last 48 hours before tip-off tonight against the Friars (21-11). All the Pirates had to do was beat DePaul and the turnaround from a Big East has-been to NCAA team would likely have been complete. Instead the Pirates watched an 86-58 beat-down at the hands of the Blue Demons.
The Diamondbacks were just one pitch away from winning Wednesday night's game -- and, in effect, the series -- before Ian Desmond launched a walkoff home run. Instead, they boarded a short flight to New York needing to take at least two of three from the Mets in order to make it a winning road trip.
But 4 1/2 years later he is back with the Nuggets and put his disappointment behind.
9. Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989): Indiana Jones: After a shaky "Temple of Doom' sequel, Steven Spielberg gets back in the groove in what should have been the last Indiana Jones film ever made. It doesn't hurt that Sean Connery shows up as Indiana's father.
Culture Minister Ertugrul Gunay sought to reassure the public.
That came two games after a 3-for-12 effort at San Antonio for the one-time NBA field-goal percentage leader.
Werfel has a delicate, at times almost pretty, sense of color and a lilting attack that gives a lyrical feeling to many of her works. She tempers this tendency towards prettiness in works like "Battle," "Homage," and "Winter Conversation," which have a more visceral feel. All in all, this is a very strong show that rewards extended viewing. The longer you look at these paintings the better they get.
The main surprise comes from the use of ingredients. Ice plant flowers (who knew they were edible?); nepitella, a wild Italian herb; wild radish flowers; purslane; epazote and other flavors you won't see on most menus are liberally sprinkled throughout.
It was the second time Bonanno was denied despite the Parole Board's support. Strickland's predecessor, Republican Bob Taft, also refused to pardon Bonanno, a Democrat.
Her mother was very hands-on, and Stefani says that's what she's striving to do. Some of her favorite memories include wearing Holly Hobbie bonnets and velvet dresses with lace collars that her mother made for her.
"This is going to give people hope," said Nancy Delaney of Convent Station, a critic of the current system and the mother of a 46-year-old son who saw the futility of putting their name on the list and bought a home in Whippany with four other families.
Mullet, 66, of Jefferson County, his three sons, and three other followers are being held in federal custody and appeared in court dressed in orange jail togs. The other nine defendants are free on bond. More than a dozen women supporters filled an entire side of the courtroom gallery Thursday, all dressed in bright green dresses, pale green aprons, and black bonnets.
"When I turned 40, I realized that at some point I was going to die," said Theobald. "That's when I became seriously interested in jumping at historic, iconic or culturally important places."
PNC Bank and Bank of America will provide $95 million for phase one of the project. Phases two and three will cost a combined $110 million, the mayor stated.
ON THE RAIL -- Today's Readington Trail Association pace has been postponed because of weather conditions. It is rescheduled for May 15 at the towerfield on Cole Road. Go to readingtontrail.org for updates.
For example, you can tap the cash in your checking account or pocket in an instant, so of course that's important money. But you could get money from a money market mutual fund, a bank certificate of deposit (incurring a penalty for early withdrawal) or savings account. Not instant money, but darn close.
For such an important topic, why weren't there more people? Between after school sports and activities, busy schedules and Wellness Extravaganza at the high school, was likely the case.
In the next bay, separated by a curtain, Dan Cotton, the 57-year-old store manager from Watertown, N.Y., continues to recover from the heart transplant his surgeons finished at about 9:30 a.m.
The road needs to be repaired because of its deteriorated condition and persistent problems last winter with pot holes. Once done in late December, the hospital will have new pedestrian and vehicle traffic patterns, improved visibility with new lighting, and increased safety for visitors, the hospital said.
"The difference is the special teams, you just thought it would be a little bit different than that," said Backes. "Giving up a shorthanded goal at the end of the second there was not ideal by any means. We kind of took a rest and they stayed going and that's the result."
The Lady Bears squeezed past the second-ranked Cardinal 59-47. Baylor will take on Notre Dame, which topped Big East rival Connecticut 83-75 in overtime, for the national title Tuesday night.
"I have serious concerns about any proposal that simply kicks the can down the road and creates more uncertainty in the long run, which is what put us in this situation in the first place," said Rep. John Kline (R-Minn.), chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce.
Hey, Greg: The Cavs are definitely improved, but I don't ultimately see them as playoff bound. Even if they are contending there's no way management gives up assets to acquire aging players such as Allen or Pierce.
Lore wasn't upset about being dumped.
"They're supposed to write everything down, but in the heat of battle, we have a couple who don't," said manager Casey Kurzinski of the French Laundry in Fenton. "They may think they have an impeccable memory, but one mistake ... makes the restaurant look incompetent." Writing it down is more likely to "make it a perfect experience for the guest," he said.
This group lacks both formal training and the so-called soft skills <U+0097> things like the ability to look a boss in the eye or understand that they should show up at 8:50 for a job that starts at 9 a.m., not 9ish.
It was a great night to eat a corn dog, throw Frisbee and show off the red, white and blue. “It's like a Norman Rockwell setting kids with ice cream playing catch with football waiting for the fireworks to go off and the music we just love it,” said Amy Fielder.
The metallic tick of canes, the shuffle
The investigation by the U.S. Department of Transportation's Office of Inspector General found that Wiles took part in the theft of federal and state building supplies on behalf of Liebich. Liebich later downplayed the extent of Wiles' data fabrications, based largely on an examination of the test data by an engineer who called his own assessment "cursory" and inadequate.
To help whet consumers' appetite for the new Chrome OS machines, Google unveiled a new store that will distribute Web applications that offer more features and better graphics than the content found on standard Web pages. The Web apps store opened Monday with about 500 free and for-fee applications, meeting the end-of-the-year deadline Google established when it announced the idea in May.
TV stations also aired documentaries describing U.S. "plots" to attack or dismember Russia -- and alleged American schemes to make Putin resign.
One review study of 3,188 obese, Type 2 diabetics who had bariatric surgery found that 78 percent of them no longer had diabetes afterward, according to a 2009 report published in the American Journal of Medicine. And the disease still had not returned by the two-year follow-up.
Mr. Helwig, in an interview, acknowledged using the service to track his wife on some occasions. He says he signed up for the tracking service last year. "AT&T had this little deal where you could find your family member through her cellphone," he says. But he didn't use it to find his wife that day, he says. Mr. Helwig, who is awaiting trial on related assault charges, declined to comment further about the matter. He has pleaded not guilty.
Don't miss: The backyard shared garden
Joe Mendolia questioned the basis for the county figures, claiming his West Deptford car wash was compared to four other car washes in Cherry Hill.
But make no mistake, Church is country at his core. "Guys Like Me," "Carolina," "Hungover and Hard Up," "How 'Bout You?" and "Pledge Allegiance to the Hag" are pure country in lyric and emotion, giving shouts out to beer, bars, home, football, pickups, blue collars, love gone wrong and Merle Haggard.
The latest venture from Mission Street Food founders Anthony Myint and Danny Bowien is hot, hot, hot. As in mouth-numbing, tongue-tingling, where's-the-water hot.
Stratch said US Fidelis recently told his company that it would no longer contribute to customer refunds and that it would refer canceling customers to administration firms like American Auto Shield, which was formerly known as Warranty America.
But there are those who prefer the Frye Art Museum over Seattle's big fish. It's a smaller, more intimate venue, rooted in the museum's initial collection of early 20th century European art, and with smaller, maybe more intimate shows, too.
Police now believe the baby is dead, but have not announced that the body has been found.
It's the second time London officials have come to Ancient Olympia for a flame lighting. London also received the flame before the 1948 Olympics.
If the truth be known, most women I know also dread the supermarket experience. Why else would we bargain away our choice chick flick just for the company. But, someone in the household has to be the modern day hunter/gatherer when the cupboards are bare. I try to shop the sales and only go every two weeks.
A sample of registered voters polled by Quinnipiac suggests that 45 percent think Brown deserves to be reelected, while 30 percent say he does not.
The most famous of the rocketboatmen, Yogi Berra, is featured on the cover of Palmer’s book. Berra did not attend Saturday’s luncheon.
The Missouri Department of Natural Resources is monitoring an overflow of untreated sewage into the Mississippi River after floodwaters overwhelmed a pumping station near Jefferson Barracks.
The former Scottsdale Realtor was scheduled to undergo facial reconstructive surgery.
As he glad-hands voters at diners and fundraisers across the state, Tancredo faces the task of transforming himself from a movement politician to a candidate voters believe can handle Colorado's dire budget outlook and sagging economy.
She strutted into the interview with an attitude of importance. It didn't take long for her to start rambling on about her credentials. Why be formal when she knew the job was hers?
The Kings finally got a power play goal and lead 3-1 after two periods.
Under Armour, the sports apparel company based in Baltimore, provided sponsorship dollars and put its logo on athletes' clothing and equipment in a deal that lasts through the 2014 Winter Games, part of the company's effort to expand beyond its base in traditional U.S. sports such as football and baseball and into overseas and niche markets.
You can see the connections in their easy manner as father and son take the court.
4. Brandon Phillips 2B
There are, of course, a lot of steps to completing a new nuclear reactor – something that hasn't been accomplished in the United States for decades. Establishing a new industry in the state almost from scratch represents an exponentially bigger feat.
The middle-aged woman from Central America — who came here looking for a better life but was enslaved in a human trafficking ring — is in the kitchen making coffee for her pregnant niece.
John Megan said he's pleased with the outcome: "For anyone who has a young hot runner, dual enrollment now is open to them. There are other Annies out there, and I'd like to see them have a chance to go."
COUNTRY: INDIA
"We knew we weren't going to beat Nashville four straight, they are too good, too physical. They competed hard and now it's our turn. We'll bounce right back."
Flood warnings were issued for 19 rivers in northwest Oregon and southwest Washington, and 17 eventually reached or exceeded flood stage. Five rivers in northwest Oregon and southwest Washington reached major flood category.
"The fifth time is the charm," said Tim Wilmot, president of Penn National. "It's been a great, great partnership, and we look forward to building four world-class facilities in Ohio."
"If you're going to have officials making decisions on dispersing taxpayer money, the public has a right to know who's being appointed, why they're being appointed, why they're qualified," he said. "That's why there's accountability and oversight."
Dad and I found the editor/publisher, aside from his wife/assistant the entire staff, at work readying the press for its weekly run. The machine's size and complexity was sufficient to engulf the mind of this then-7-year-old.
Why I do what I do: Most of my work involves defending individuals and corporations who have been wrongfully sued. In the professional context, it<U+0092>s hard to imagine anything more gratifying than having the jury return a defense verdict.
Dench, a widow left nearly penniless by her husband, is perfectly cast as a career housewife who finds reserves of self-reliance, and a late-in-life career, by taking an open mind with her to India. She attracts the attention of Nighy, a decent man in the throes of a dying marriage to Penelope Wilton, who is herself attracted to the group’s mystery man (Tom Wilkinson), in the country to sort out elements of a secret past.
Moglich's father had joined the Navy at the end of World War I, when he was 15, after both his parents had died.
"We kind of think it's healthy," Haduong says of the diet, "but is it really?"
The project is being developed by CBL & Associates Properties in Tennessee and Horizon Group Properties in Michigan.
Investigators would later find insurance policies, and a note in Young's possession that said, "Use her drugged state to convince her she shot him" and "Offered 10,000 to kill him. Was turned down."
The Timbers finally displayed the entertaining and attacking style of play they had promised since the team was assembled. That style was evident from the start of the game and the Timbers (1-2-1, four points) recorded their first-ever MLS regular season win.
The site was a hubbub of activity last month with the growing sport of lacrosse being played on the fields while the championship games in girls basketball in the CYC Archdiocesan Championships filled the gym with high hopes and cheers.
For example, family members should set up an emergency plan, picking two meeting spots (one close to home and one farther away). They should make an emergency kit, including water, important documents, medication, clothing and first aid supplies — because, Khan writes, "although you’re a goner if a zombie bites you, you can use these supplies to treat basic cuts and lacerations that you might get during a tornado or hurricane."
Both boys were taken to Children's Memorial Hospital. No further details were available late Saturday.
5. Peter Konz, C, Wisconsin
It’s not every day that a young company manages to land its first product with the likes of Williams-Sonoma or any other big national retailer.
OK then, how far up do we rate?
Went 3-for-5 with two walks in a Yankees' 5-3 win at Comerica Park last season.
Traffic delays should be anticipated as the brunt of this storm could impact the afternoon and evening hours of Saturday, Fahey said.
The CIA asked itself again and again who might be living behind those walls. Each time, they concluded it was almost certainly bin Laden.
No. 1 singles — Arend, Mu. def. Bruton, G, 6-3, 6-0; No. 2 — Cleary, Mu. def. Elliot, LP, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2; No. 3 — George, Mu. def. Vaughn, G, 6-1, 6-3.
"Well the streetlights shine down on Blessing Avenue."
As will their ability to crash the boards, apparently.
Carlos Lejnieks, chairman of the charter schools association, said charter schools have long worked with less money than state law has required.
The safety administration is part of the Transportation Department.
She's president of the board of the engaging new museum that's dedicated to the idea that we're all part of a vast extended family connected by Africa, where human life began more than 2 million years ago.
It's so good that small children who previously looked with suspicion upon any poultry that wasn't presented as a deep-fried nugget were suddenly doing battle with grown uncles for drumstick rights.
When the Mount Pleasant councilman reached the end of his four minutes, Sweeney didn't disappoint.
Bargains: Food and drink discounts
Originally published April 19, 2002
His mother, Barb Tumminia, was helping him search for his belongings on Saturday. When she looked at the spot where the home once stood, she couldn't believe her eyes.
After more than a year of discussion and dealing the dealer agreed to surrender the pages to ICE. The dealer was not identified by federal officials who said no charges will be filed in the case.
Cardinals officials announced Wednesday that the club's broadcasts will move back to KMOX (1120 AM) next season. The club had rocked much of its fan base in 2005 by leaving its home of 51 seasons in favor of KTRS (550 AM) by purchasing a 50 percent - and controlling - interest in KTRS.
The story is set up so that the characters wind up together in pairs and small groups, working out their problems. And it's great. The banter, the wit, is a Whedon trademark (he co-wrote the story), and he's got a group of actors here who rise to the challenge of his words. That suits Downey -- and Stark -- perfectly, of course. But it works for everyone; the scenes between Stark and Banner as they try to out-geek each other in the lab are great, as is the showdown between Rogers and Stark.
And today, the Republican front-runner might wish he hadn't stopped here at all.
Schenn had put the Flyers ahead with a power-play goal 6:08 after the opening faceoff. Briere set up Schenn's third postseason goal with a pass from along the goal line that found Schenn low in the left circle. His shot beat Brodeur to the short side.
A year ago at this time, Yankees manager Joe Girardi was fielding incessant questions about Jeter’s slow start that had alarmists summoning the pinstriped hearse out of the bullpen.
OL Chris Gillette, jr., St. Charles
As the film opens, Andrew (Dane DeHaan) has no idea that he'll ever have to answer such a lofty question. He's just trying to survive high school as one of the bullied nerds. His general state of oppression starts at home with his dad (Michael Kelly), an ex-firefighter living on disability and brutally taking out his frustration on his son.
The documents, obtained exclusively by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and Channel 2 Action News, were filed as part of Ariela Neuman’s separation suit against her husband. They raise new questions about the extent of the relationship between Andrea Sneiderman and Hemy Neuman, her supervisor at GE. Neuman remains in jail without bond in DeKalb County, charged with shooting Rusty Sneiderman outside a Dunwoody day care facility in November. His trial is scheduled to begin Oct. 17.
This was a lovely, elegant wine with an inviting aromatic nose. The addition of Sémillon and Muscadelle gives the wine a soft fruitiness that's just right. This is a smooth, crisp, clean but complex white that makes a wonderful aperitif served with goat cheese and is a terrific pair with salmon or seafood.
"We'll be sitting down with a number of players to find out what their intentions are for playing in MLS," Wilkinson said. "What do they want out of the whole experience and what are they going to do to help them be successful? And we'll ask them what they know about Portland as a city and our organization."
Hariri was one of Lebanon's most powerful Sunni leaders while Hezbollah is a Shiite group.
A manhunt involving SWAT from dozens of area law enforcement agencies followed.
» Contact: (317) 387-2219.
Also not on the list are: "Land of the Dead," because I didn't find Romero's zombie movies all that good after the first two; "Indiana Jones and the "Crystal Skull," because it was an unfortunate resurrection of a once-proud trilogy; and (speaking of resurrections) "Alien: Resurrection," because it was no great shakes either.
"It is not as if we are just waiting for the study," he said. "Action is ongoing."
In the role of Salima, Andrea Belser is gut-wrenching as she explains in a quietly agonizing second-act scene how she was abducted by soldiers. Even though her husband has returned to find her, and waits outside, she cannot face him.
Some other updates from practice today:
Dikos, who competed in the marathon at the U.S. Olympic Trials, said every meal and snack during that time should be high-carb and low in fat and sweets.
Typically, pump prices peak around Memorial Day, although they started descending last year after the first week of May.
The orders are coming amid a "slow, steady kind of recovery," Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney said Wednesday during a conference call. Most of the demand is from overseas.
Q: The first time that you two, Al, David and Bruce were in the same room this time around, did it feel different?
The trial date is set for January. In the meantime, the joint committee, led by Sen. Jane Cunningham, R-Chesterfield, is exploring legislative solutions. (Elisa Crouch)
"This tournament is full of teams that are just as good as us or better," he said. "With the way this team plays, I think we have just a good a shot as any of the other three teams down there."
Silverman said the company is trying to figure what to do with its assets.
The time for optimism had ended. It was now a time for pragmatism. Spring had come to an end. Which is why Cashman paced around in and out of the clubhouse, looking for the players he would trade, send down, or call up before the end of the business day.
"While it wasn't a vocal opposition, the opposition harkened back to what (former President Richard) Nixon called 'the silent majority,' " said Roger Salazar, a spokesman for the opposition to Prop. 19. "It was very important to a small segment of the population but not to a lot of people."
"What gets me to Man Church 6:30 a.m. every Thursday is the other guys who attend," Kunesh said. "Much of the time is spent in small group discussions, resulting in a lot of close friendships; we all benefit from sharing perspectives on the day's message."
The 40 medical-student “raters” were divided into four groups of 10. Each group viewed the same set of randomized patient photos — 30 pictures for each group, including photographs from before and six months after surgery — and provided estimated ages for the patients. On average, the med students estimated that the patients were 1.7 years younger than their actual chronological age before surgery and 8.9 years younger than their chronological age after surgery.
Copies of the book are available to borrow at the Cornelius Library. The group is open to the public.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter with honey and 1/2 cup brown sugar in a large heavy saucepan and heat, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a rolling boil. Add apples, stirring to coat them with caramel. Reduce heat and cook uncovered no more than 5 minutes. Do not overcook them to mushiness.
26. Cleveland Cavaliers
Their full-length debut, "Torches," came out in May. It received a Grammy nod in the best alternative music album category, too.
The Pierce County prosecutor’s office confirmed that Robert Bales, a 38-year-old staff sergeant assigned to a Stryker brigade at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, was questioned by police after a scuffle but no charges were filed.
"I can't change the past," he said. "But I will change the future by being a hard-working, better man."
"Maybe he was originally driven by these pressures, but after he succeeded once, he was amazed at how effortless it was," said George Loewenstein, a professor of economics and psychology at Carnegie Mellon University. "No one questioned the results, and then he got huge amounts of positive feedback for what he had done. So it was just kind of irresistibly tempting for him to do it again."
Please understand I am not saying that these statements are lies. I am just putting the facts forward that we pay for everything, one way or another, through our utility payments or our taxes or our purchases. Every single penny that is spent anywhere for anything comes from us.
Arthur Salm, "Anyway*," 7:30 p.m. Wednesday.
"We believe the entire community needs to get behind this band," Alexander said.
After all, A&M gave an oath to work toward the future of the Big 12, like every other school that remained in the conference when Colorado and Nebraska chose last year to leave.
So novelist/poet Marge Piercy was inspired to write "Pesach for the Rest of Us: Making the Passover Seder Your Own."
Paula Franzese, the Peter W. Rodino professor of law at Seton Hall Law School and chairman of the state Ethics Commission, said that should change.
And then there are the rest of us who are ready to acknowledge there are all sorts of people and different is just that; not better, not worse, just different.
Is it really, though?
11944 Sackston Ridge Dr, $525,000
"There are a lot more of us than they thought," he said.
Yu Minjie, the owner of the company, trademarked the name in 2010, reportedly because she saw great potential in the Chinese American athlete.
The ball pushes the air in the wake to one side and the air pushes back. As a result, the ball accelerates sideways and no longer moves in a straight line — much to the chagrin of the hitter.
The new formula might solve Washington's budget problems, but not the states'. And capping aid without regard to the number of people in poverty would make it that much harder for states to make ends meet during recessions, when the growing ranks of the poor drive up Medicaid costs.
"The shifts and the motions makes it harder for the defense, not the offense," said Driskel. "When we shift, they're moving around and they're not set, so every once in a while you get an uncovered guy just from a shift or motion."
1/2 cup fresh bread crumbs
“The show’s in complete chaos,” says an industry insider. “It’s being run by novices.”
All of the occupants of the Saturn were taken to Cooper Hospital Trauma Center for treatment. The driver of the Ford, Finnegan, was taken to Kennedy University Hospital, police said. The passenger of the Ford, identified as Patrick Finnegan, 47, was not injured.
London -- Tottenham Hotspur banned vuvuzela horns from its soccer stadium, becoming the first English Premier League club to outlaw the plastic instruments heard droning throughout the World Cup in South Africa.
One union insider said the first reaction to news that one of Whitman's former housekeepers wanted to go public was an elated "Thank you, thank you, thank you."
Initially, each of six members of the state board suggested slightly different solutions. After nearly three hours of discussion, however, most board members said they would support parent choice but only if there was a cap on how many students could leave an individual school district.
Which brings us to Howard Wayne and Steve Hadley, two leading candidates to replace Frye.
Nadal saved seven of eight break points in the first set, including five which were set points for Ferrer in the 12th game. He fired an ace to save the last before holding for the tiebreaker, and Ferrer's double fault allowed Nadal to get ahead 4-1 as he took the first set in a grueling 93 minutes.
Her mother, Lavaughn Walker, and sister, Lavonda Walker, 29, and niece Diamond Walker, 10, along with about a dozen other friends and relatives sat in the front row.
"This was something Crocker would have worn as a morning coat," Peterson said.
The district hopes to bring a bond proposal to voters to pay for capital improvements as soon as possible, Magliano said, to minimize the need for more modulars. But the economy could make that a tough sell.
Dwight Howard scored a game-high 27 points, and Richardson added 17 points, six rebounds and five assists.
Mrs. Adams was wife of the late George; mother of Marylynn Macko and the late George, Jr. and Patricia; grandmother of Patricia Macko and Gabriel Adams (Michelle); great-grandmother of Christopher Zgrabik and Dominic Adams; ex-mother-in-law of Christine Skibinski and Jeanann Adams and friend of Maureen, Linda and Alex Campbell.
He said that since his escape, Chinese authorities have installed seven video cameras and even an electric fence at his house. "Now those security officers in my house basically have said, 'We want to see what else Chen Guangcheng can do.' " Chen's comments were translated to English by a rights activist testifying at the hearing, who arranged the call. Chen spoke for several minutes, in conversation with Republican Rep. Chris Smith, chairman of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China.
Now, the Columbus Dispatch is reporting that Ohio State quarterback Terrelle Pryor -- one of the central figures in the trades of memorabilia for tattoos and/or cash -- is the subject of an investigation by the NCAA and Ohio State's compliance office.
Alex Duddy swings by piggy-back on a teacher, a favorite activity and a reward among his programs. He's now completing his writing programs about 40 percent of the time. In another room, his brother, Tommy is dabbing a brush into paint with another teacher.
Gunn-Palo Alto won the Santa Clara Valley Athletic League boys golf title Monday, shooting a 404 at San Juan Oaks Golf Course in San Juan Bautista. The Titans advanced to next Wednesday's Central Coast Section regional at Rancho Canada West Golf Club in Carmel Valley. It was the first league title for the Titans in 10 years.
game because of accumulated yellow cards, but he'll be back for today's game. As one of the world's best, he'll make Brazil's offense flow. Brazil will also get back midfielder Elano and striker Robinho, who were held out of the Portugal match with minor injuries.
Gallucci said at one point, Gabor asked him if he had spoken to the FBI. Gallucci told him that agents had been to his mother’s home. He said he told Gabor that he was not going to lie to the FBI and that Gabor shouldn’t either.
Broad comedy almost won out over fairy tale appeal in Ben Stevenson's "Cinderella," which Ballet San Jose performed Friday at the San Jose Center for the Performing Arts. But in a production that boasted all the essential elements of the much-loved story of the rags-to-riches Cinderella and her Prince Charming, even the rollicking wickedness of the ugly stepsisters couldn't outshine the romance.
T.V., San Francisco
"You can't see inside people's brains. You have to look at their external behavior, and the jury has to make a common-sense judgment at some level," he said.
The levy would generate about $2.8 million for the Elyria police department, increasing its annual budget from $9.6 million to $12.4 million. The police chief has said the department needs the money to hire more officers, buy new equipment and pay for training.
The pilot program, Project Move Out, is designed to relieve the stress on city resources and residents who have protested for years that when the students move out in May, they leave behind piles of unwanted furniture, mattresses and other items that can take city public works staff several bulk pickup days to remove.
On our Update visit, Meneghelli displayed a competent, workmanlike approach to the food, but the creations lacked some of the flourishes that would make them stand out. The salad Lyonnaise ($12), mostly made up of lentils with a few sprigs of frisee, a couple lardons and a poached egg, was OK, but the lentils dominated and the dish needed more bacon flavor. The pate maison ($12), wrapped in bacon and served with toast, mustard and a small knob of apple and celery heart salad, was strong-armed by sweet spices that diminished the natural flavor of the meat. It was good, but a little goes a long way.
The top 48 teams in the country qualified for the finals following regional and sectional competitions. The “A-Team” from Rutgers lost the final trial to Duke University.
The district announced the change Friday on the heels of the school board's decision to appoint Assistant Superintendent John Miner as superintendent for the 2008-09 school year. Superintendent Ken Noah is leaving June 30 for a superintendent's job near San Diego.
As a child growing up in Boston in the '60s, Tom Putnam wasn't old enough to comprehend a bad economy or the Cuban missile crisis, but he clearly recalls his parents' reverence for JFK. Like the president, they too were Irish Catholics.
Less impressive is her portrayal of Thatcher's rise from political nobody to royal battleship. She leans too heavily on Thatcher's fancifully monarchical speech pattern and helmet hairdo. Morgan's screenplay doesn't give Streep much to work with, but the performance is almost purely presentational. Thatcher's bearing and unswerving determination may have isolated her, but the other characters come off as ciphers. All Streep has to do is masquerade as an eccentrically styled figurehead.
Politely turning aside questions about her political intentions at a town hall event in Kolkata, Clinton said Monday she really wanted to see "that final glass ceiling" broken.
Neruda's death will now be investigated by Judge Mario Carroza, who is also handling the case of Allende and 725 other unresolved victims of the dictatorship.
And what officials have learned is paying off.
Former Detroit Red Wings assistant Paul MacLean's masterful job in his first year as head coach of the Ottawa Senators earned him a spot among the finalists for the 2012 Jack Adams Award.
Despite their differences in reputation, Wurzelbacher and Kraus agree on many issues when it comes to the economy and government spending.
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. — Trent Richardson flashed speed and power at Alabama’s second pro day.
Pension problems
He didn't actually tweet the whole number, leaving a question mark instead of the last digit. That didn't deter fans from trying their best to guess, dialing a whole lot of wrong numbers in the process.
Yes 0,000 No 0,000
Wt: 285
"He reached out to me at a time of need, unsolicited and completely selfless," said Tuley, of Atlanta. "It wasn’t just one time, it was a lot of times."
Losing more teaching positions would affect class sizes, which have already risen this year. An October report showed that several high school classes in the district had more than 40 students in one period and more than 40 elementary school classes had more than 30 students.
"He threw consistently between 90 mph and 92 mph," said Shapiro.
ESPN, quoting two unnamed sources, said that Bennet Omalu, co-founder of the Brain Injury Research Institute and the chief medical examiner for San Joaquin County, assisted at Seau's autopsy Thursday. A spokeswoman for the San Diego County medical examiner's office would not confirm that.
Hughes, whose ERA rose to an unsightly 7.88, has yet to get going. He allowed a solo shot to Adrian Beltre in the second, and three more runs in the third before he was pulled.
The spacious keyboard has nicely separated keys. The touch pad is large, with no physical buttons. But I found it required tweaking in its buried settings screen before it felt right for me.
Diane Schwartz has spent more than a decade leading a push for diversity in New Jersey.
Americans will keep rebuilding their savings, leaving less money for spending. They're expected to save 5.4 percent of disposable income next year. That's slightly less than the 5.7 percent savings rate predicted for all of 2010. But it's still near the highest savings rate since 1992.
NEW YORK — Touring behind his first new album in six years, Glenn Danzig came to New York and gave his fans what they craved — an hour of brutal, bludgeoning, bluesy hard-rock executed with soaring vocals and impeccable musicianship. But first, the man known as the Elvis of Evil and the Jim Morrison of Metal had to scrape off a few years worth of rust.
The shooting happened shortly before 1:30 p.m. Wednesday, when every chair at Salon Meritage was occupied, police said. A witness who was inside the salon, and who gave her name only as Cindy, said the gunman fired at a female hairstylist first, then turned the gun on a woman who was getting her hair shampooed, and then shot Fannin, the owner.
In interviews, these Republicans said that Romney must focus more on what he is for, not just what he is against.
Federal prosecutors charged Kurt Mix of Katy, Texas, with two counts of obstruction of justice for deleting from his iPhone hundreds of text messages about the spill that he exchanged with a co-worker and a contractor, according to a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday.
Now part of "Crosscurrents," which opens Oct. 1, Ron Davis is one of the discoveries awaiting visitors to the museum extravaganza known as Pacific Standard Time. At its core, it consists of 60 exhibitions throughout Southern California exploring facets of the region's art history from 1945 to 1980.
Accretive's employees worked in Fairview alongside regular hospital employees. Not only did they seek to get patients to pre-pay, but they also coached — and pressured — Fairview employees in how to do it, according to the documents.
Friday night's episode of Smackdown was a strong follow up to an exceptionally good Raw. Coming out of WrestleMania, the show featured two really strong matches in Kane vs. Orton and Sheamus vs. Del Rio and planted early seeds toward Extreme Rules feuds, both new and continuing. This has been a strong week for WWE, and I'm hoping they can continue to ride the momentum.
-- The Root Diggers, One Take, 9 p.m. June 1, $8
The corresponding roster move to the addition of Damon, removing an infielder, was somewhat of a surprise. It was believed that outfielder Aaron Cunningham was the player most on the bubble, but Indians officials instead decided to keep a fifth outfielder and one less infielder.
MISCHIEF, COOK AVENUE: Someone plastered eggs and toilet paper all over Zellers Elementary School on Sunday night.
It must be an Ironbound rule: Portions must be big. Make that huge. That holds at this popular lunchtime spot, a lively mix of white collar, blue collar and no collar. The open kitchen makes for great performance art, with flames blazing, steaks sizzling and cooks dashing out of each other’s way. There’s a back, quieter dining room. Recommended: the grilled T-bone with garlic sauce.
McCue has run the case by arson investigators and even an FBI profiler. Fierce debates among his own squad have detectives convinced one way or the other <U+0096> only to flip-flop after further thought.
Each new generation of students heard of him as a fable, then came to know him as an enduring presence on campus, where he attended games, sitting a few rows behind the bench, and sometimes addressed classes.
It was another surreal moment in the Blagojevich saga, with the former governor delivering a statement on live television before a swarm of reporters and photographers and an odd mix of well-wishers and political groupies.
But the suit claims that the university was still discriminating in March 2012, when the Fair Housing Council conducted a test by having a woman who had a service animal say that she was seeking housing. The suit claims that the university's housing department told her she couldn't live in carpeted units, including those in Epler Hall.
How high a priority should veterans homes get in the state budget? To comment, please use our comments section at the end of the story or go our facebook page at www.facebook.com/sacramentobee.
"There are a lot of qualified Latino candidates who can replace Nadia," he said during the Tuesday meeting.
She went to offer condolences to Reed's mother, Dolores. But it was Dolores who did the consoling, telling Julie Keys her son would be safe.
<U+0093>Anyone notice a dog that has taken an interest in you?<U+0094> hollered Nicole Shumate, a dog trainer who acts like a drill sergeant.
Crowds that gathered to watch the verdict live in the Sierra Leone capital, Freetown, sighed with relief when the conviction was announced. “Shame on you Charles Taylor,” read a poster one held. “Give us your diamonds before going to prison.”
One of the two tracks became available at 2:30 p.m. and some service to and from New York was restored on the Northeast Corridor and North Jersey Coast lines. But because of the limited track capacity, customers should expect delays of up to an hour.
Waelterman said the closures east of Tucker Boulevard are expected to be clear by 10 a.m.
Catonsville finished the regular season with a 9-6 overall record.
For the nine months to March 31, BSkyB reported a net profit of 689 million pounds ($1.1 billion), compared to 581 million pounds a year earlier. Revenue was up 5 percent to 5.1 billion pounds.
One of the benefits of landing Super Bowl XLVIII today is that the search process could be jump-started.
"Everybody knows that vehicles are very, very safe today so it's a degree of how safe and what's the new technologies and hopefully this will take hold as people pay attention," Stanton said.
Attorneys repeatedly played portions of the grainy surveillance video, which was paired with audio from digital recorders worn by some of the officers who were present and which brought some of Thomas' supporters to tears and prompted them to leave the courtroom.
About 7:45 a.m., Emeryville resident Brian Donohue said he was driving along 45th Street while taking his 6-year-old daughter to Anna Yates Elementary School when he heard an "ear-splittingly loud" rushing sound.
Comment: First-round talent. Brockers admitted he was a bit nervous at combine, and it showed. His speed and strength numbers in Indianapolis were pedestrian. He was much better in all areas at his pro day, including 5.15 in 40. Brockers, one of the youngest in his draft class, is athletic and long (35-inch arms). Played well against quality competition in his one year as a starter. Strong, with quick hands. Still considered raw.
"Higher gas prices are just something that real estate agents have to absorb into our day-to-day expenses. We do not take price increases as the industry standard commission rate has held steady for years. However in a market with falling prices, we are actually taking price decreases as we are earning less net commissions due to lower sales prices. This is another example of how this market is creating more efficiencies for agents. Most of us have a set marketing/expense budget and when gas prices rise, decisions have to be made on how to allocate our budget. Less productive marketing expenses or other expense that do not have a good return on investment are reduced or eliminated. That is actually healthy for our long-term business. With that being said, lower fuel prices or alternate energy sources will be welcomed by the real estate agent community."
"We'll have three to four new designs and a couple more surprises," Ashley said.
It's also hard not to think that here, not only does the audience pay for entertainment -- it's expected to supply it, as well.
Finally, with 4:44 left, the Blues delivered the kill shot. With the Blackhawks pinned in their own zone, McDonald came off the bench with fresh legs, took an Alex Pietrangelo pass and beat the hapless Emery with a wrist shot.
Coughlin isn’t quite sure of all factors leading to the inflated numbers this season — more touchbacks, stricter rules on hitting defenseless players and the continued crackdown on illegal contact and pass interference are all playing a part — but he knows the guys throwing the ball are a big reason why.
The new bridge, a modest wonder with two towers, is narrow and sways in a strong wind. It took just more than a year to build and cost a bit over $1 million. To build it, construction crews had to rappel down the cliffs like mountain climbers, drill new eyebolts, string cables and construct a deck.
A related note: the Professional Basketball Writers Association today named Jerry Sloan, the former Utah coach, as the winner of the first Rudy Tomjanovich Award, decided by a combination of coaching excellence and cooperation with the media.
Deb Henderson, the manager of the Clayton Farmers Market, spoke last month on behalf of the vendors before several County Council members on the Justice and Health Committee.
"If I'm lucky enough to be speaker, it's going to be different. And not just different from what the Democrats have been doing," Boehner said in a Canton Repository story.
Red notices are based on national warrants, and published at the request of a member state as long as the requests do not violate Interpol regulations. Many member countries consider the notices to be a valid request for the arrest of a suspect, but Interpol cannot demand individual nations make an arrest.
Nicita, the proposal's leading proponent, hoped to place the measure on the May ballot. That means the city commission would have to approve sending the measure to voters by Feb.16 to meet the election deadline.
"For the last game I finally told him people would love to see him and we couldn't do that last broadcast without having something from him.
Recently there have been several newspaper articles about the (Democratic) governor and the (Democrat-controlled) legislature shifting fiscal responsibilities on to local jurisdictions and dictating local spending levels for numerous programs.
The further the market descends, however, the more miserable one group - important both politically and economically - will be: the tens of millions of homeowners who have already seen their home values drop an average of 30 percent.
Election march
He recalls vowing, "If I ever amounted to anything, I would fight for parks."
Mehrens sent a letter to Deputy County Attorney Juan Martinez, who will handle the Chrisman case, asking him to consider the opinion of an expert on police officer use of force.
Last week, a small but energetic group of artists, writers, curators and other cultural savants from Los Angeles, Guadalajara, Tijuana and Mexico City joined the locals in hopes of adding a new, positive attraction to the area. "Puerto Vallarta Arte Contemporáneo 08," a five-day marathon of art shows, panel discussions, walking tours and public art projects, was the inaugural edition of a contemporary art festival that organizers hope will become an annual event. The idea of attaching an art fair, jazz fest or film symposium to a beach resort is hardly novel, but few, if any, of Mexico's principal beach resorts have gotten in on the act yet.
He spends his Fridays in the operating room at Children's Hospital of Orange County — shoring up decayed teeth when possible, removing them when not — and says his oldest patients are typically only 18 months old and already have severe decay. It's not uncommon to have to put these patients to sleep in order to do tooth extractions and multiple fillings, says Mungo. Often, these are children who have gone to bed with a bottle of milk or formula since they were infants.
Dr. Rick Starn, 66, and Ron Grey, 56, of Lakewood, said they have been together for 35 years and were married officially in Massachusetts and married informally twice in Washington, D.C.
Pump prices are holding steady but there’s hope for a drop in the next few weeks.
In "March Madness," sometimes the bureaucrats do perplexing things too.
U.S. officials make much of a little-noticed statement last week by Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker, whose nation currently holds the EU presidency, that should the new Baghdad government request it, "the United States and European Union are prepared to co-host an international conference to provide a forum to encourage and coordinate international support for Iraq." As they say in diplomatic circles, Mr. Juncker's statement was "no accident," but rather the product of careful diplomatic work and then agreement among the 25 EU leaders and Mr. Bush.
In the industrial town of Kamaishi, Iwate Gov. Takuya Tasso led a moment of commemoration as a loud siren rang through a high school gymnasium being used as a shelter. He bowed while people who have lived there since the tsunami kneeled on makeshift futons, bowed their heads and clasped their hands.
Brown responded furiously, calling the question "symptomatic of the insensitivity and arrogance of this Eastern financial elite."
Bruce Goldberg, head of the Oregon Health Authority, called the grim news "the reality of our health care system today. Unsustainable costs mean that we can no longer do business as usual."
Romney and his chief rival, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, have heaped praise on Walker, but the governor is conspicuously steering clear of both as they crisscross the state in the days ahead of the primary.
The local reviews were mixed. The Village Voice praised the film's "poignant shots and terrible insights." But New York Times reviewer Bosley Crowther faulted it for seeming "consciously directed." He also questioned the very point of this slice-of-lowlife movie: 'You can see the same thing in many places without going too far from where you live."
P.J. Clarke's, at Third Avenue and 55th Street, manages to appeal to a trendy 21st century sensibility while channeling the classic cool that got the crowd from "Mad Men" ad agency Sterling Cooper drinking and doing the twist. P. J. Clarke's "was the site of many ‘Mad Men' parties," Gelman said.
A wallet left unattended was stolen April 16 from a store at Chesterfield Mall.
It's on that note that brain injury advocacy groups are hoping for some changes. Spending money treating people right away is most cost-effective and can save money in the long run. But a bunch of troops and citizens are now in rehab holding patterns or are not getting the kind of rehab they could as insurance and government try to keep up with the growing need.
It’s one of five prime-time games for the Broncos, the maximum allowed in a league that, for the first time, will give each of its 32 teams at least one night game on national TV.
Meanwhile, Liberty Group head Littleton said the same mailer has been spotted in the 54th Ohio House District race in Butler County -- one of the most conservative parts of Ohio -- except it touts the candidacy of third-party independent candidate Arnie Engel.
The organization responded: "RAINN appreciates and accepts Johnny Depp's heartfelt apology. We hope to work with him to provide hope to victims of rape and make sure they get the help they deserve."
Beachland 12th Anniversary Weekend: Rumpke Mountain Boys 9 p.m. Mar. 3. (ballroom). $10-$12.
Jessica Schafer, a 38-year-old marketing manager who lives in Milwaukee, said she voted for Falk, despite voting for Barrett two years ago.
“’Revolution’ truly has caused a revolution in my life this year,” Lambert said.
The 27-song concert had its awkward moments. It took the cautious Taylor a few songs to unwind; King, who has never been a terrific singer, struggled with the higher passages on her uptempo songs. But once Taylor relaxed, his honeyed, conversational delivery was engrossing — “Fire and Rain,” for instance, retains its ability to hypnotize. As for King, a few missed notes didn’t stop her from singing to the rafters, again and again. She’s a soul shouter at heart (which is probably why she was every soul singer’s favorite songwriter in the ’60s), and she roared her way through “I Feel the Earth Move” with glee, stomping around the stage, singing to her musicians and beaming at the crowd.
But Brown went down hard after the play. And stayed down for several minutes.
The commission must meet to organize by September, but won't have to settle on a new district map until January 17.
"I'm actually not very nervous right now," Harper said before the game.
"I should've moved on to the next call."
øStill, adding Cousins to the mix gives Shanahan two young quarterbacks to groom. He figures that Griffin and Cousins will get about an equal amount of reps during the offseason camps, then Cousins' snaps with the first- and second team will be significantly scaled back when training camp begins.
» If your computer is not infected, you will see a green logo with the message: "DNS Resolution=Green. Your computer appears to be looking up IP addresses correctly!"
To be fair, Cirque du Soleil -- that prolific, Canadian troupe that seems intent on world entertainment domination -- is trying for something different. "Banana Shpeel" is a true departure from the lavish, exotic spectacles that have been popping up here for years.
Why didn't the Broncos move him to another position or use him as a wildcat? Because Tebow has been told his whole life he couldn't be a quarterback, and he is determined to be a long-term starting quarterback in pro football. He wouldn't move.
Police have not said why Pellegrini might have asked Beindorff to shoot him. Police also have not said whose gun was used in the shooting or identified the other person in the vehicle.
Two state adoption panels recommended sending Gabriel to live with his paternal grandmother, Cecilia Martinez, in San Jose Miahuatlan, a small farming community outside Mexico City.
She said she was charging between $600 and $800 for sex while working in Cartagena and only accepted foreigners as clients, considering herself an "escort."
Bridgeton Midget Football League (Blandino-Fisher Award)
6:26 p.m.: Eminem wins a Grammy, for "Not Afraid." The first of many tonight?
NEW YORK -- Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley said on Monday that she will not sign any agreement between attorneys general and big banks that releases the banks from future mortgage related liability.
NOAA said the National Weather Service was well prepared and that its collaboration with emergency management agencies and the public did save lives.
After a $3.4 billion turnaround from 2004 to 2007, Kodak's momentum was stalled by the recession. It is relying on leaner costs and patent-litigation payments to see it through its digital transition. It has chopped almost 50,000 jobs since 2002 and its work force of 20,300 is its smallest since the 1930s.
Dominique Sharpton is scheduled for trial in March on a charge that she resisted arrest during a traffic stop.
Crowe Horwath LLP: Michael Demko was hired as staff, and Sal Russo and Andy Shook, senior staff, in the audit and financial advisory group for the public accounting and consulting firm's Cleveland office.
Among the many places he targeted investors was the 25,000-member Atlanta megachurch, New Birth Missionary Baptist, headed by controversial televangelist Bishop Eddie Long.
"That's huge for a high-pressure steam line," he said. "This was a very large break."
If making this traditional Japanese food sounds like fun, read on for some pointers on how to throw your own sushi party.
After the river level falls next week, work will continue on the middle crevasse. Pogue said plans also are under way to begin work on the detonated locations to the north and south.
"It's a great day for three youngsters who are taking another step toward their ultimate goal of playing professional basketball," coach Roy Williams said in a statement. "On a very small stage, it's a sad day for me because I won't get to coach them again. All Tar Heel fans will miss them greatly, as well."
Investigators say they found no note from Davlin, 53. They say there were no signs of foul play and no drugs or alcohol in his body.
The club started in 2010 by a group of women that enjoyed participating in local triathlons and has grown to more than 200 members who work out together, participate in races and raise money for charity.
"It isn't everywhere yet," LaBonte says. "That gives you the opportunity to examine the insect communities where it is not present, then compare those in a similar setting to where it is present. Once its all over the place, you won't be able to do that."
MIDVIEW LOCAL SCHOOLS
Bankruptcy doesn't mean the nation's third largest automaker will shut down. And the privately-held Chrysler is expected to sign a partnership agreement with the Italian company Fiat as early as Thursday as part of its restructuring plan. A Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing would allow a judge to decide how much the company's creditors would get.
"They're the Minnesota Vikings, not the St. Paul Vikings, not the Duluth Vikings," Bennett added.
"I wanted pieces that would talk to each other, and, hopefully, to you," Rotenberg says.
Denver at Carolina, 1 p.m.
The letters <U+0096> tucked into a neatly organized box of 1975-76 records kept by Davis <U+0096> offer advice, résumés and requests from old friends, and urge his son to meet with acquaintances. Some letters are supportive of his son's work, others are critical.
The strikers face penalties under the state's anti-strike Taylor Law: two days' pay for each day of the walkout or six days' worth of wages. The union has said members who crossed the picket line must pay equivalent fines to the widows and orphans fund. They will also be barred from running in union elections.
Hee-haw! as one of his subjects might exclaim.
G5: Kings, 2-1 (OT)
There is no medical test for the disorder; professionals make the diagnosis through the interpretation of behavior. There also is no cure, but children can be treated, according to Rebecca Landa, director of the Kennedy Krieger Institute's Center for Autism and Related Disorders and a contributor to the CDC report.
One of the 16-year-old league's tests arrives Saturday, when the Timbers play the Seattle Sounders at Qwest Field in the first meeting of the teams with the largest organized supporters' groups in MLS. As the squads renew the matchup that started in 1975 with the North American Soccer League, leaders of the clubs and supporters groups have taken extensive steps to assuage anxiety and prevent a bitter rivalry from leaving a lingering national aftertaste.
The third baseman had gone 170 at-bats and nearly 20 months without homering in a major league uniform before he hit hitting a three-run shot off Cardinals' ace Adam Wainwright, kick-starting the Cubs to their second straight victory.
"They are big, important works, each completely different from the other," the music director says. "It's essential to take new works on tour because we, as a great orchestra, have an obligation to show the public the latest fruits of young, serious, talented composers who are trying to make new creative paths."
--Saturday, March 10-Sunday, March 18: Ball of Steel Stunt Show, daily throughout Bike Week at noon, 2 p.m. and 4 p.m.
WASHINGTON - Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told the nation's leading health insurers Thursday to publicly justify a spate of double-digit premium hikes that have infuriated consumers in at least a half dozen states.
The Greater Sacramento New Car Dealers Association announced that it is donating money needed for medevac services to bring Rodriguez home. Maloof Sports and Entertainment has donated $5,000. Rodriguez worked for the Sacramento Kings as a locker room attendant, one of four jobs he held while studying at Sierra College.
"He wouldn't give me what I wanted unless I got him something," she said. "He used his power."
The gulf between "The Maids," Jean Genet's 1947 political psychodrama, and "The Help," Kathryn Stockett's popular 2009 novel that turned into a hit movie, probably says something about the difference between French and American cultures.
Though well above the 20,000 mark, a level not often seen by the Chevrolet Cobalt that preceded the Cruze, sales of the compact were down from the nearly 25,000 vehicles sold in June and July.
And all three situations could have been explained or corrected by people who were in the know, but refused to disseminate that knowledge to the very people to whom they are beholding.
øHow you think affects your attitude and the next way you can influence their thinking.
DETROIT -- With a government-imposed deadline for massive restructuring less than a week away, Chrysler LLC and Treasury Department officials are still holding out hope that they can reach deals to keep the troubled automaker out of bankruptcy court, two people briefed on the talks said Friday.
That’s a level that hasn’t been seen in decades.
Deena Prichep is a Portland freelance writer and radio producer who blogs at
that has helped both. The Blues sent defenseman Nikita Nikitin to the Blue Jackets for defenseman Kris Russell. On one hand, Nikitin has become a prominent player in Columbus, averaging more than 25 minutes. For his part, Russell has been terrific for the Blues, with three goals and a plus-10 rating in 16 games. Another connection is Blues coach Ken Hitchcock, who spent four seasons coaching the Jackets. Columbus fired him in February 2010 and the Blues hired him on Nov. 6 of this season.
Suzsanne Singer, a psychologist, started the program in 1999, when she noticed that many elderly live their final years in isolation.
"If you look at their mandate, we could not have written it better for them," said Suzanne Stone, Northern Rockies representative for Defenders of Wildlife, who has worked with Wildlife Services employees to promote nonlethal control. "It's all about supporting wildlife conservation and promoting humane tools.
She said the best way to use coupons is to stockpile as many as possible, and to use them when an item is on sale, to essentially get them for free.
Northside, Desolation, southeast Heppner and northwest Beulah units offer decent bear and cougar hunting as well.
"I told the kids, "You didn't know her and I didn't know her," "said Rokasy. "But she was a fellow teacher. To me, it was like I knew her -- a friend, like I had just lost a friend. That's what they wanted to know."
"One can't rule that out," he said. "But it's become more difficult to make that change now."
Nagbe's dwindling minutes and inability to maintain possession of the ball had some people wondering if he had hit the "rookie wall," but Nagbe said it's more about making the transition from college to professional soccer.
4. Nashville 28-4 2
While the unfinished state of the test phones may add to RIM's reputation for delivering products behind schedule and incomplete, Alec Saunders, the company's vice president of developer relations, said it was necessary to get a "very, very stripped down" version out to developers now to avoid a more serious problem later.
Yes, mommy, when I grow up, I want to be a fireman. I can be a fireman, and then a couple of years after being a fireman, I'll hurt my boo-boo and I'll retire on full disability, which will give me enough money to live pretty good, I think. Then I'll become a school teacher and work a couple of years and retire on 75 percent of my pay. Then I'll be a politician and retire from that. By 40, I'll be able to retire and have enough money to live happily ever after. Wow.
GM hasn't released specifics about restructuring, and Chief Financial Officer Dan Ammann says there won't be one magic answer.
"We kept Berkeley among the top-tier universities in the world while the state was disinvesting at a deplorable level," Birgeneau said.
The interior bracing of the instrument is important for stability, but it must be installed to permit the wood to vibrate with a pleasing tone, Wryn said.
job.
Andrew Brown .429, 6 RBIs
The storm is expected to dump up to 18 inches of snow in northern New Jersey and up to 12 inches in the central areas, said Jim Poirier, a meteorologist at the Mount Holly station.
Same-sex marriage is also a byproduct of our culture, thinking it has "progressed," when in truth it is a sign that we have "educated" ourselves into imbecility, and need to go back and relearn the basics of human nature as it exists. But with our current leadership, that seems to be a tall order.
The results from Ohio, said Romney campaign spokesman Ryan Williams, "show that Gov. Romney has a strong base in some of the cities of Ohio -- Columbus, Cincinnati, Cleveland. These are areas where the nominee will need to compete with the president, and Gov. Romney's in a strong position to do that."
By leaving the door open to continued involvement in political life, Livni's comments were likely to fuel more speculation that she would be joining Lapid's new "Yesh Atid" or "There is a Future" party. She did not elaborate on her specific plans.
The audit said that employees conducted private business in office with their boss' permission or knowledge and that they campaigned for Russo and other Democrats during county work hours. The audit resulted in finding $26,000 against Russo and others.
He'll contact as many city officials as he needs to, as often as he can, to get results.
Coal mining is a dangerous enough occupation when every precaution is in place and every rule of safety is strictly followed. That Massey executives apparently chose to heighten the hazards and lie about it proves the necessity of a bill like Rockefeller's.
Whiting plans to write more on this topic in the future. His column runs News One Sundays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Life/Outdoors Tuesdays.
Perry started slashing away at Romney’s record as chief executive at Bain Capital on Monday, but was more caustic Tuesday in condemning the firm’s practice of making money in corporate takeover deals that sometimes triggered job losses.
The City Council voted unanimously on Aug. 16, 2011, to have Juneau Associates do design and engineering work on the streetscape project, a contract worth $179,712. On April 18, Mayor Ed Hagnauer and Joseph Juneau, the vice president of Juneau Associates, signed a letter agreeing to suspend the contract. The council on April 3 voted to pay $10,305 to Juneau and Associates for work done so far.
"I don't know if it's a trust factor. It's a tough job. Whether it's blatant, on purpose, or not. It's tough to get that read up there," Smith said. "Obviously, the head hits have to be cut down. It's people's livelihoods, not hockey ... people have families and kids at home and wives, and when we're getting into head and concussion issues around the whole league, I think we need to put a stop to it."
He said his drinking never carried over to his work, that he didn't consume alcohol before going on the air.
During saturation patrols, a homicide detective spotted the car and followed it back to Batiz-Aceves' house. When detectives spoke to him, Batiz-Aceves asked for a lawyer and refused a DNA swab.
"Out philosophy is that Scottrade is known for its customer service, and we should be able to assist customers wherever they are," Doria said. She said that with the growth of smart phones, people are increasingly accessing social media sites numerous times a day, which provides even more opportunities to connect with customers.
Hendricks said there are two steering committees evaluating a wide range of items, including financial and labor issues. She said the committees are not expected to finalize the details until about July 1.
"We never received proper notification that a discussion was under way," she said, "and we also think that placing a loo in this small park is inappropriate."
Workers could ride commuter buses in dedicated lanes across the top end of I-285, connecting with shopping centers, office buildings and MARTA. Malfunctioning MARTA escalators could get a $123 million overhaul, and the transit agency could fix electrical systems and install better station lighting and new security cameras on buses and trains.
"It's opening day at home for them, you understand it," Yost said. "You want to get through it, get past it. This is a good chance to fly under the radar, you know, let's go play them."
2001: Oregon approves a "single-sales factor" formula for calculating corporate income taxes. The formula, expanded in 2003, exempts companies who sell most of their products out of state from most state income taxes. Intel sells nearly all its products to manufacturers overseas.
Some of the helpful hints include seemingly commonsense practices such as never asking prospective staffers about their contraceptive practices. In the case of ethics, legislators learned they are not allowed to receive any gift worth more than $10 per month from a lobbyist, nor gifts worth more than $360 a year from anyone else. But there are a few exceptions that include spouses.
Support for Prop. 19 is highest in the Bay Area and Northern California, and among voters under age 40. Roughly half of registered Democrats are in favor of the proposition, compared with just 25 percent of Republicans.
Paul led the Clippers with 29 points, but he couldn't lead a successful comeback in the fourth quarter as he has so many times this season. Griffin finished with 22 points.
"The voice of the people is stronger than the voice of the media," Cain told ABC's Jimmy Kimmel. "They're not going to be easily swayed by what the media hype is."
3. Ryan Tannehill, Texas A&M, 6-4, 221. Former wide receiver has the mobility and arm strength that teams want. Some executives wonder if he wants all of the burdens of being the guy directing traffic, leading a team.
Dessert might be crème brûlée accented with lemon or a light fluffy baba (yeast-raised cake) floating in a jar half-filled with rum and served with whipped cream and a dab of plum jam on the side. A huge dessert crepe arrives folded in quarters and stuffed with that luscious sweet tart jam. And if sweets just aren't your thing, you could savor a glass of Banyuls or Chateau Suduiraut Sauternes.
Councilor Rex Burkholder said adopting the plan was an "intense" process, and he had one last amendment: A bouquet of flowers for lead planner Kim Ellis, who worked on the transportation plan for four years.
"My administration stands ready to work with AMP to expedite the permitting process and to bring these good jobs to Ohioans."
Wal-Mart has struggled since the recession as its core low-income customers at its U.S. namesake business have been hard hit by joblessness and other challenges. Meanwhile, the business, which accounts for 62 percent of the company's revenue, had veered away from its low-price strategy.
Getting a title and summary from the Attorney General's Office and an analysis from the Legislative Analyst's Office shouldn't be much of a hurdle since the only changes to Brown's tax measure were a handful of tweaks to Brown's proposed income-tax and sales-tax hikes.
Miles said a "relatively large group" was involved in the incident, mentioning senior lineman T-Bob Hebert and Jefferson by name.
General Motors recently picked Commonwealth, a joint venture between San Francisco-based Goodby, Silverstein & Partners and New York-based McCann Erickson Worldwide, to create global advertising for the Chevrolet brand.
The website featured pictures of an elaborate house with floor-to-ceiling windows and seemingly expensive furnishings. It also showed pictures of the ocean and a palm tree-lined beach, a consistent image in Lapre's infomercials and even on the walls of his Greatest Vitamin in the World call center, which operated at Park Central Mall. Lapre said the website images were meant to motivate people to pursue their own wealth-building dreams. But Lapre also lamented his own unsuccessful vitamin-selling business and pending criminal trial.
Vertu's sparkly phones are ...
Her skill set fits right in with the up-tempo Mercury playing along side Taurasi, which she is very excited to do, "I am looking forward to playing someone who hates losing like I do."
When the officer attempted to arrest the men and seize the drugs, McKissic did not reply to repeated commands, and reached inside his jacket, according to court records. He was shot, and taken to MetroHealth Medical Center where he was treated.
Instead, the Blazers (25-22) got their second consecutive loss. Garnett nearly finished with a triple-double, recording 10 points, nine assists and nine rebounds. Ray Allen had 18 points and Pierce added 17 for Boston (35-10), which has the best record in the Eastern Conference.
Share your stories here by posting a comment below. You can also send photos from the crash sites or videos with your thoughts on the 10th anniversary by emailing edit@cleveland.com.
Owens brought up a trash can. The volunteers tossed snack wrappers and picked up water bottles off the ground.
That set the stage for Fuentes, who recorded his 199th save June 19. A's manager Bob Melvin said he didn't use struggling closer Grant Balfour because of Balfour's recent heavy use.
Hobby: Worldwide fishing
"This is the single most egregious violation of Miranda (a Fifth Amendment right requiring officers to advise detainees of their rights to remain silent and to have an attorney present during questioning) that I've seen since I came to Santa Cruz in 1978," Dudley said. "It's why they came down off (pursuing a sentence of) life."
A: Our focus right now is to get events going in other cities. With regards to the potential for future parades here, we're looking into that. And other events. For instance, on March 6, Brian Owens, the national recording artist formerly with Sidewinder, is having a concert at the Old Rock House in St. Louis and part of the proceeds will go to support the foundation. That's just an example. We plan on having other events to help the cause in the future. Right now, our focus is helping other cities to keep bumping up the level of awareness. That's important, because a small percentage of our population has been fighting our wars for us. We have a great responsibility as a society to show our appreciation for them and to take care of these people. But everybody has stepped up to the plate, and it's been really gratifying to see that happen.
"The people of the Klamath Basin don't support dam removal," said Nick Smith, a spokesman for House Republicans.
Marine Staff Sgt. Mark Hupp, a bomb technician, comes across as serious and quiet. "I still struggle with people as a whole," he says. "For a long time now, I've lived without caring or feeling."
“We need to pause and develop the data set necessary before making the decision to bounce around another 400 kids like we did last year,” he said.
"I'm very happy about the pick," said Cowen, a liquor-sales representative.
Cook said any decision to charge Storro with a crime would be left to the Clark County Prosecuting Attorney's Office. Clark County Senior Deputy Prosecutor John Fairgrieve did not immediately return a call from The Associated Press seeking comment Thursday.
Party leaders want a new chairman with a much bigger view of politics for the region than Dimora ever offered.
Thanks to the relentless reporting of the Sun-Times' Lynn Sweet in Washington, we learned what Emanuel didn't tell us. That in two recent Washington trips, he was meeting with Cabinet officials.
PolitiFact Ohio was intrigued. To think, these 10 CEOs are so gifted that they command compensation — in a single year — that is the rough equivalent of the gross domestic product of Grenada.
My 13 years within the St. Edward High School community have been filled with, literally, thousands of blessings. I want to express my deep and abiding gratitude to each of you, especially to our students past and present, who have been a constant source of true hope in my life. At this moment, I also need to publically express my gratitude and love to my spouse, Mary, for her understanding and support over my years at St. Edward. She has been a constant companion to hundreds of our community events over the years, as well as being a great listener in some wee small hours.
Cinco de Mayo Outdoor Patio Party: 11 a.m. May 5. Kitchen 56 turns into Fiesta 56 for this Cinco de Mayo outdoor party until closing. Mexican street food is prepared on the grill by Chef Lorenzo Lopez and family, and $3 Mexican beers like Dos XX, Corona and Negro Modelo are available. Live music is performed. Kitchen 56, 3433 N. 56th St., Phoenix. No cover, $3-$5 drinks, $5 Mexican street food. 480-994-5656. www.kitchen56.com.
These changes aren't being championed by regular Floridians, but by vested interests.
Harold Bost, co-founder of the Fayette County Issues Tea Party, is taking the lead coordinating tea party groups to oppose the referendum.
Mary Byrne, executive director of the Indiana Youth Group, which provides programs and support for gay teens, called the decision "the latest example of the school administration's failure to take the problem of bullying seriously."
Far removed from the heavy traffic of Keystone Parkway or 146th Street, the businesses on the northwest corner of this roundabout intersection seem to come and go -- even though Hazel Dell gets its share of local traffic.
Rule-making takes years, and the battle over chickens and the outdoors has been particularly protracted. It will reach fever pitch later this month, when the National Organic Standards Board considers the matter at an Oct. 25 meeting in Madison, Wis.
Meanwhile, Mizzou is moving to the Southeastern Conference this summer. Alden said the school is getting closer to announcing a substantial campaign to enhance facilities, particularly at Faurot Field.
After then locating José Arias in the water, the helicopter was too low to radio back to land information about how many fishermen were still missing. That meant another delay before the officers at Sector Delaware Bay could send an urgent marine broadcast.
Brewer blamed the Nazi claim on the media, stating that reporters "pathetically" embellished her comments.
After finally reaching someone by phone, she was transferred to Ellisville police. An officer was dispatched about 7:45 a.m. to check out the bundle.
"There ain't nothing funny about diabetes," celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain tells Eater.com. Last year, Bourdain told TV Guide that Deen was "the worst, most dangerous person to America" who is "proud of the fact that her food is (bleeping) bad for you." He says he takes no pleasure in Deen's revelation, but then again, "when your signature dish is hamburger in between a doughnut, and you've been cheerfully selling this stuff knowing all along that you've got Type 2 Diabetes ... it's in bad taste if nothing else."
"He was my sax player with my Standard Delivery Combo until he went into the hospital earlier this year. He was a lot of fun to play with. He had lots of energy, and people liked watching him on stage," said Mr. Mayola.
øThey have the patience and fortitude to handle unending interruptions. The very essence of their work - listening to, touching, cutting and sticking a human's body - is in itself praiseworthy.
“This is not about historical preservation. This is a contentious local political issue,” he said of the opposition. “I urge you not to get sucked into the whirlpool.”
They have reason to hope. Fifteen years ago, they just wanted him to be able to say. "I love you," and five years ago, their goal was to keep him from spending all his time sitting on the couch watching TV.
"It was an amazing season. I hoped for podiums and top 10s in slalom this season, and I'm really excited to continue skiing well in Winter Park," Shiffrin said. "Hopefully, I can put down some fast runs in giant slalom too. It's always so much fun to race in Colorado, and this is a great way to end a great World Cup season."
But some of my favorite sections are the background stories, things like how Cleveland landed the Rock Hall, our tragicomic sports history and Eliot Ness and the Torso Murders.
"The FEI proposal is very similar to the rules the USEF has implemented for national events in the U.S.," said Trond Asmyr, the FEI's director of dressage.
The two men convened a four-hour meeting in Mr. Mundie's conference room in late spring 2008 to allow outside organizations to voice their concerns, including the Interactive Advertising Bureau, the Online Publishers' Association and the American Association of Advertising Agencies.
Southfield Mayor Brenda Lawrence showed up at the caucus at the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 17 hall in Southfield to urge people to support her for Congress in the new 14th District. Two Supreme Court candidates, Sheila Johnson and Connie Kelley, also made an appearance.
"A month ago a lot of people were worried about the possibility of a double-dip recession. This report shows we are not headed down but we are still expanding at a very slow pace," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at the Martin Smith School of Business at California State University.
The Vikings agreed to reimburse the university for the changes needed for the stadium, including specialized heating coils under the playing surface and the addition of temporary bleacher-style seats in the western end zone plaza and other expenses.
A: It's just like real estate. It's all about location. Being in a container really exaggerates all the microclimate concerns a gardener would have. . . . When the plant is planted in the ground, the roots aren't exposed. In a pot, the sun can directly hit the root zone, so it really exacerbates the heat problem here. It's important to know how much sun an area is getting before you start to establish a container garden there.
As a result of the investigation conducted by the Somerset County Prosecutor's Office and the Watchung Police Department, Saldana was arrested and charged with vehicular homicide, 1st degree. She was taken to the Somerset County Jail with bail set at $250,000 cash or bond by Superior Court Judge Robert B. Reed.
The state Division of Children and Families responded along with the children's aunt, who took custody of the children and took them to their mother in Daytona Beach, Johnson said.
Editor's note: After more than seven years, today marks our last edition of The PD vs. The Pro. Thank you to all of the pros who helped make this column a success over the years.
"We have been assured by the two major shoe companies in the league that the incentives they build into the contracts are based on winning as opposed to market size," Silver said.
In addition, the following bus routes serve the zoo -- No. 20, No. 35, No. 51 and No. 79A/B.
It's time to stop.
10224 Lynncrest Ct, $15,000
The upside: The kids are almost always with Mom or Dad.
SHREDDING EVENT: A free document shredding event for Des Peres residents and members of the Lodge is held from 10 a.m. to noon April 21 at Des Peres Park, 12325 Manchester Road. Visit www.TheLodgeDesPeres.com or call 314-835-6150.
Thornton repeats the popular phrase he "lives to give." Former Colts community relations manager Jessica Castellanos called him "the heart behind the horseshoe" for his non-stop community commitment. She was with the Colts from 2004-08 and recalled that if the team didn't have an event set up for Thornton on Tuesday off-days, he lined up a couple on his own.
Good stories are supposed to.
Bedbugs in hotels, and other tips for travelers
They've sent that many to the plate in the next three innings combined.
That plan will have her on the roads and circling indoor tracks for another nine years.
The Epstein brothers, Gammons and Cubs players plan to cap off the weekend of "music, baseball and giving back" - the foundation's slogan - with volunteers spending time with kids at Children's Memorial Hospital.
His Taj Market, stocked with Middle Eastern, African and Asian products, has been successful, allowing Alater to live what he considers the American dream.
3534 9 Red Intrigue (E Maldonado)15
In Manila, capital of the Philippines, more than 8,000 union members clad in red shirts and waving red streamers marched under a brutal sun to a heavily barricaded bridge near the Malacanang presidential palace, which teemed with thousands of riot police.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Independent labels are reveling in their success after grabbing the spotlight and many of the biggest awards at the Grammys. It marked one of the biggest nights in years for indies, setting the stage for a surge in their online music sales.
The Republican apologists for the machinations of Robert L. Ehrlich, Julius Henson and Mr. Schurick seem to also forget that the vote suppression statute was not enacted until 2005. They either have very little awareness of recent history or hope that a plurality of Marylanders have a shared amnesia.
Marti Cortez, another vice president who was demoted to managing director for visitor experience, recently resigned, but Vescolani said her departure wasn't part of the staff reduction.
"It's impossible to do it that way," Casserly said. "It sounds like it's the thing to do, and easy to do, but the trendlines never follow each other precisely."
Scratched: Sting N Stella.
He and Bart, a yellow Labrador retriever, were inseparable. They even retired together. So it was fitting that Bart stayed next to his master's body at the funeral parlor. His water bowl and chew toy were nearby.
Follow Thomas Ott on Twitter @thomasott1
The story has been heavily revamped, but I'd love to get Bolton and Wodehouse on the Ouija board to see what they'd make of Broderick's absentee portrayal, a performance so oddly lackluster that it's as if he isn't so much playing a role as causally trying one out for future reference.
"You twisted my arm to get me here," he says on a recent day, recalling his first winter in Wild Rose. "But I may just get on a plane and go to Hawaii this winter."
Korpikoski has been the Coyote most affected by injuries this postseason. He missed Games3 and 4 in Round1 and was out three games against the Predators before returning for Game5.
(05-10) 13:51 PDT WASHINGTON (AP) --
The device is BP's new capping system, designed to halt gushing crude from damaged deep-water wells. It joins other subsea containment systems designed for the Gulf of Mexico and other parts of the world, including Angola and the North Sea.
These devices should allow dermatologists to identify more and more precancerous growths before they develop into melanomas.
Vera Sweeney, 34, co-owner of a company that manages several websites for women, says she eats "like a child"—that is, mostly chicken and pasta. Her husband, though, has eaten chicken hearts, sweetbreads, frog's legs, escargot and goat. "And of course he doesn't just eat it," says Ms. Sweeney, who lives with him in Garden City, N.Y. "He has to eat it in my face."
"Juneteenth is all about the joy of being free, and our organization is all about helping people be free through their individual efforts," he said of the multicultural organization.
The spring membership drive and the Friends’ fall book sale are the two principal fundraising efforts for this growing group of library supporters. The book sale begins, as always, in mid-September. Check the library website for donation and sale dates.
"When we came home that day, the guys were a little bit down, and to see fans waiting outside the Coliseum was outstanding," Johnston said. "It's great to see the city starting to rally around the game and the way we play."
Kenseth didn't feel much better. He led seven times for a race-high 73 laps, but believed he gave the win away on the final restart in a two-lap overtime sprint to the finish.
Temple Emanuel partnered with the Holocaust Museum and Learning Center, the Jewish Community Relations Council, the Islamic Foundation of Greater St. Louis and the Brodsky Jewish Community Library to display 30 of Gershman's photographs through Dec. 1.
The only way to save the 6-month-old puppy named Piper was a blood transfusion, Wheaton said. Piper had been taken to the Mission Viejo Animal Shelter when a woman found the dog bleeding in a shopping center.
By Bill Lammers, Plain Dealer assistant news editor.
“Our space is really large so we can accommodate family groups dancing in here,” said owner Annette De Paz, 40.
SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY, CLEVELAND STREET: Police were called April 23 shortly before 8 p.m. when a witness saw three teenagers park their car on Low Street, then run over the spillway and into the old Ivex property. The suspects were located a short time later, and advised that they could still be arrested for criminal trespassing once the owner of the property was contacted. They were also told to stay off the Ivex property from now on.
November 2011: Newport-Mesa Federation of Teachers votes no confidence in Hubbard.
Eric Duong, who both roasts the pork and duck and makes the rice cakes at Asia Food, said that for people who moved to the States long ago or children of immigrants, the holiday is a chance to eat the foods and continue the traditions they grew up with.
But the federal agency requested that additional information be attached to the grant application before Franklin could be considered for the funds.
Vitt will be able to oversee the off-season training program and training camp before stepping aside for the first six weeks of the regular season.
Reasons for council opposition varied.
Amid chaotic scenes on Tuesday night, Montpellier striker Souleymane Camara fluffed his penalty. But he should never have taken it, as 21-goal top scorer Olivier Giroud was supposed to.
"Our guys believed all year that we could compete and beat anybody that we played," Ohio coach John Groce said after the near miss.
When Gottwald said "aye," supporting Dalin, the crowd expressed audible shock. Then Minshall followed suit. "Aye," he said.
As for those numbers in the ad, they are:
We bought bags of sharp-thorned, pale green artichokes and took them home, where we ate them plain and boiled. I had no idea they could be served differently.
Education is valuable, the president said, but "we also know that ultimately, education is about something more, something greater. It is about the ability that lies within each of us to rise above any barrier, no matter how high; to pursue any dream, no matter how big; to fulfill our God-given potential."
David Zanotti, CEO of the American Policy Roundtable, based in Strongsville, said his group would initiate a lawsuit once a developer makes payments to the state as required under the agreements.
the KCRW World Festival in July at the Hollywood Bowl.
After the meeting, Smith said, "Of course, there is a conflict" with his remaining on the board, but "conflicts are not bad." He said he was still valuable to the board for issues that do not have anything to do with construction.
"Someday, there could be," he said. "We have no plans to build now. We have no plans for parking structures now. In the next 100 years, that could easily happen."
They did it again. Talbot tapped a rebound toward Fleury that the Penguins goalie tried to stab at with his glove. The puck trickled by for the tying goal.
"With people standing right next to our door, we're advertising on the entire corner, so you can't help but see us," she said. "Talk about a prime location."
In the end, what will matter most to many is how the team performs when within public view on Saturdays in the fall. Even if some fans might feel closer to the team now if access were better.
PROCTOR: Water stained; 72-76 degrees; 0.09' low. Black bass are fair on soft plastics, crankbaits, and Rat-L-Traps. Striped bass are good on minnows and Li'l Fishies. White bass are good on minnows and shad. Crappie are good on minnows and pink tube jigs. Channel and blue catfish are good on shad and stinkbait. Yellow catfish are fair on trotlines baited with live bait.
Cardinals reliever Randy Flores called former teammate Jeff Weaver. A friend called Hancock's high school teammate Colter Bean, who was promoted to the Yankees just hours before. A member of Atlanta's media relations office called Tim Hudson to let him know his Auburn teammate had died. Multiple Cardinals called Jeff Suppan to tell him about the accident early Sunday morning on Highway 40 that killed the 29-year-old Hancock.
I just believed in myself and kept my family close and God first. You’ve got to reach deep down and find who you are as a man.
"They should say, 'If you don't like this, vote the bums out,' " he said.
Joseph Lepetri, a high school dropout who went on to earn three college degrees, strives to motivate his middle school students to never to give up.
And that ricotta gnocchi with veal Bolognese ($18)? Not as good as our Fascino memory (could it have been the white tablecloths?), but so wispy and cloud-like that it almost seems unfair to call it gnocchi at all — to lump it with all those heavy potato-based pastas.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, children of all ages, prepare to be awed, mystified and perhaps perplexed by artifacts of the abnormal found right in your backyard!
"It's been a great voyage all of the way through," he said, announcing his intentions during a County Board meeting.
China's trade deficit with the United States hit $273 billion last year, the largest deficit the United States has ever had with any country. Critics contend that China is manipulating its currency to keep it undervalued against the dollar as a way of getting unfair trade advantages, an attack that has gained more support at a time of high unemployment in the United States.
1374 Lincoln Ave., Calistoga; (707) 942-2233 or brannansgrill.com. Lunch and dinner daily. Full bar. Main courses at dinner, $24-$32.
So the rain was good fortune for Johnson, who finished 10th. Had the race resumed, Johnson's crew would have been forced to fix the leak, costing Johnson several more spots.
Or was she? In the second act, she's shown in a kinder, gentler light, telling her charges, "You're all my babies." At one point the girls spontaneously perform an exuberant dance set to big-band music.
One night, there was a bad accident, and traffic on both sides of the divided highway came to a standstill for several hours because people stopped their cars and got out for a closer look. A crowd of several hundred people gathered on the hill overlooking the crash site to view the scene as if it were an extreme sporting event.
The Scottsdale Charros was founded in 1961 as a special activity organization of the Scottsdale Chamber of Commerce, raising money through spring training activities at Scottsdale Stadium.
Temporary being the key word.
“People think Brazil is just Carnivale and that we just eat meat all day,” the 32-year-old owner of Samba Montclair says, laughing.
"We were in the hotel having breakfast, and we heard an aircraft take off. Everybody got up and applauded," said Bob Basso of San Diego, who has been stranded near Charles de Gaulle since Friday.
It may mark only a faint spark of hope for homeowners, but housing experts think the small uptick in Sacramento home prices reported Thursday could be a sign the long fall is over.
"It was so disturbing," she said. "I told myself, 'You know what? I want to grow my own.' "
"Once you have a good thing going in this industry, you don't want to mess up the formula," he said.
Gingrich's organization has been called into question before, notably when he failed to qualify for the primary ballot in Virginia, which also votes on March 6.
Cohen Foote
The Jazz are in the midst of a youth movement, with four players 22 or younger — and all getting valuable playoff experience.
The December attacks exposed the government's failure to protect its citizens, and to offer services and jobs in a destitute region. Bitter young men whose tribes measure their wealth in cows are left reliant on cattle rustling and killing for their livelihood and marriage prospects.
6045 Marquette Av, $116,500
A St. Louis County jury decided today that Jacob Runge is not guilty of voluntary manslaughter and armed criminal action for his role in a mutual suicide pact with a close friend in Hazelwood in 2008.
Had not the Browns' receivers dropped five passes - three in the end zone - the game would have been an absolute blowout. The Dolphins raced 80 yards in the waning seconds and got a touchdown on a 22-yard pass to Mark Clayton as time ran out.
11. "Blue Bloods," CBS, 11.01 million viewers
YouTube posts
With the addition of AirTran, which Southwest bought in May, revenue rose 35 percent to $4.31 billion, beating the $4.17 billion forecast among analysts surveyed by FactSet. Southwest boosted the average fare 7.4 percent, to $142.31, and still packed more people into its planes.
Those details spilled into the stories being churned out by Times reporters and editors. But as the relentless coverage continued, the newsroom grappled with its own dilemma that echoed the racially charged atmosphere outside its walls.
Album fans, take heart: Dispensing with the album as a consumer item doesn't necessarily mean tossing it aside as an art form. Do today's readers think less of Charles Dickens' novels because they first appeared as serials? Radiohead is an album-oriented band, but wouldn't its recent experiment with "In Rainbows" have generated as much or even more buzz if the songs had appeared over time? Would fans of "Sgt. Pepper's," "The Wall" or "American Idiot" think less of those albums if the first journey through their component songs had taken weeks or months?
Mayor Cory A. Booker, Police Director Samuel A. DeMaio, Fire Director Fateen A. Ziyad, Acting Neighborhood and Recreational Services Director Tharien Karim Arnold, Police Chief Sheilah A. Coley, and Fire Chief John G. Centanni announced today that the City of Newark will join with other community partners to host a toy distribution and Winter Holiday Festival. This event is for 1,500 Newark youth in need, it will take place Saturday, December 17, from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., at Bears and Eagles Riverfront Stadium. The stadium is located at 450 Broad Street. Health First, the Newark Bears, and United Community Corporation are also co-sponsors along with the City.
Different plot line, same result. This time around, the Hawks' offense came alive in the third period as they rallied to a 4-3 victory before a crowd of 22,049 at the United Center. The Eastern Conference-leading Rangers had designs on avenging a Feb. 16 loss to the Hawks at Madison Square Garden when the visitors hit backup netminder Martin Biron with four goals in the first 10 minutes and cruised to a 4-2 victory.
Q: Why did you decide to audition for 'The Biggest Loser'?
The effort was particularly sensitive because the targeted institution in the United Arab Emirates is partly owned by the local government of Dubai, a close U.S. ally. The chairman of the bank, called the Noor Islamic Bank, is the son of Dubai's ruler.
The 48th manager in franchise history, La Russa won more regular-season games (1,408) than any other Cardinals manager, and his 2,728 overall managerial wins ranks third all-time behind Connie Mack and John McGraw. Neither Mack nor McGraw managed after 1950. Mack owned his team, the Philadelphia Athletics.
The Devils dominated the opening period, but the Flyers led 1-0 on Schenn's third goal of the playoffs. He scored 6:08 into the game on a power play. Briere picked up a loose puck from a scrum behind the Devils net and centered Schenn in the left offensive circle for a nifty snap shot, beating Brodeur stickside for his third goal of the playoffs, second on the power play.
The Kentucky Derby is scheduled to come out of the starting gate in Louisville, Ky., at 6:24 p.m.
The Cavs will address their paucity of offensive options in the draft and possibly through trades. But Scott believes Thompson and Alonzo Gee are two players on the current roster who can be developed. Gee has made progress in his second season on his perimeter game. Scott wants the swingman to contribute some offense from the low block next season.
Mitt Romney handily won the New Hampshire primary Tuesday, but he heads to the South Carolina primary wounded by friendly fire and branded with echoes of former Republican rival Mike Huckabee's description of him four years ago: Romney "looks like the guy who laid you off."
Some people -- including parents of struggling readers -- will consider that harsh. And anyone who doubts the power of riled-up parents ought to remember the fourth-grade reading "guarantee," which was repealed in 2001 by the Ohio General Assembly, just as its first high-stakes tests were about to be administered.
"He had no motive to kill this man," Bahuriak said of his client. "Its going to take more than a rumor to convict him. We’re looking forward to the trial."
Throw in Pixar, a host of biotech companies based in Emeryville, and the contributions of the engineering and business school at UC Berkeley, and it seemed impossible to ignore the region.
Victoria Johnson, Jennings
Congress and the administration also need to focus on more immediate measures to strengthen the recovery.
He will be buried later at Arlington National Cemetery.
Once again the lead disappeared as Scott's Valley scored in each of the last three innings to take a 6-4 lead into the bottom of the seventh. Manessis led off the inning with a single and was followed by a Gubser hit. Smathers drove in a run with a sacrifice fly. The game ended on a close play at the plate when the Tigers tried to score from third after a wild pitch. Terra Nova has a 15-5 record and is tied for first in the Peninsula Athletic League Bay Division.
Countless drawings like these, attributed to the Hohokam Indians, are up and down Hieroglyphic Canyon. Archaelogists say the petroglyphs range from 200 to 2,000 years old, as new ones were added over the years.
This year's contest drew 317 entries from news organizations throughout the U.S.
View full sizeThomas Boyd/The Oregonian/fileBicyclists travelling on U.S. 101 between Arch Cape and Cannon Beach slowly climb a hill with minimal shoulder. This year Cycle Oregon will sample a portion of U.S. 101: roughly between Reedsport and Port Orford. But the route -- especially areas other than those to be covered by Cycle Oregon -- can be harrowing with narrow to non-existent shoulders and close calls with vehicles, sometimes fatal. But, also as always, Cycle Oregon includes a good-citizenship component. The Cycle Oregon Fund distributes about $100,000 in grants to the communities it visits. The nonprofit organization also provides about $130,000 to host communities for the services they provide.
Division V: Calipatria (9-5); Christian (3-15); The Rock (6-10).
Henry Ford West Bloomfield Hospital
Gabriel Bourque only had seven goals in the regular season, but netted two -- including the game-winner with less than nine minutes left in the third period. The Predators acquired Paul Gaustad at the deadline because he's one of the best in the face-off circle. He won a critical draw against Pavel Datsyuk with five seconds left in the Nashville zone.
California's desert usually enchants me, but scenery like this repels. On this particular February day, however, a prize awaited just a few miles down the highway: Santa Rosa and San Jacinto Mountains National Monument.
Oregon's lead expanded to 5-0 in the fourth as Healy launched a two-out homer over the wall in left center.
The only thing certain today is that Goodyear isn't the company it once was.
VILLA PARK
Assembling the New Year's centerpiece: Top layer: Four tall votive holders, four tea lights, white boa, silver poinsettia, ivory-colored potpourri, silver walnuts
For the lady who complained that her frozen breast milk was threatened, look at the pictures of Somali malnourished children and babies who won't probably live another day and there is nothing their mothers can do about it. We really need to stop and give thanks for what we do have.
To maximize safety and artistic appeal, seek out a professional tattoo artist. Reputable artists use sterile needles, disposable gloves and antiseptic creams. One thing to know: Tattoo dyes aren't regulated.
It is costly, Bernanke noted dryly, to dig gold up in "South Africa or somewhere" and "put back in another hole."
Some business owners have expressed concern about traffic once the westbound span is closed.
Friday, Dec. 7, at 7 p.m.: "Fridays@7" concert: Giancarlo Guerrero conducts. Program TBA, with banjoist Bela Fleck.
Emily transferred to Seminole High and took on a full course load. This year, she was ranked fifth in her class with a 3.89 unweighted grade point average. She belonged to the National Honor Society, Mu Alpha Theta math club, Key Club, and Interact Club.
CBS is hoping a legal warning shot shatters rival network ABC's plans for its reality show "The Glass House."
Seattle attorney Bill Marler, who is handling the great majority of legal actions against Jensen and its distributors, said other cases since the final CDC report Dec. 8 bring the adult deaths to 34.
She also is enrolled at Tri-C, getting a jump on her college education, and has participated in career programs at Case Western Reserve University's Center for Layered Polymeric Systems and the Cleveland Clinic. Her goal is to practice as an obstetrician and gynecologist in Cleveland or teach science.
The city has become too crowded for drivers to act however they want without regard to anyone else. Obey traffic laws (there is a law against those loud noises) or pay — through the nose.
"They have 24 hours a day to figure out how to hide these from us," said Sgt. Wayne Conrad, who leads the K-9 program in California. "I couldn't tell you how long it would take me to go through every nook and cranny in a cell. But when these dogs work, they pick up the odor and go right to it."
A rustic "stew'' of potatoes accompanies the lamb loin with whole-grain mustard, honey and red wine. Chunks of caramelized cauliflower lifts a pistachio-crusted salmon, dressed up with potato blini with caviar and watercress coulis; it's a complicated amalgamation of ingredients, yet the flavors are integrated.
The gobbler's dark feathers were in sharp contrast to its glowing white head. While the tom turkey may have owned the woods, it was a wary bird. From a long walk away, it kept stopping to peer our way, checking out our decoy. Cantrell's decoy was unique, looking more like a wild bird than most. It was an inexpensive plastic decoy the guides had covered with "Turkey Skin," a commercially made coat of real turkey feathers.
If the court ultimately rules that President Obama's healthcare reform law is unconstitutional, it will be a reversal even bigger than Brown and Lawrence. And there will be no comforting consensus that the court has finally got it right. Ever since Wickard vs. Filburn (1942), with only a couple of minor exceptions, the courts have upheld the use of federal power under the commerce clause, which gives the federal government the authority to regulate commerce. Even the 1964 Civil Rights Act is considered constitutional as a regulation of commerce.
Leave it to locals to say how Cleveland fared next to the other major American orchestras who've already stopped by as part of San Francisco's lavish celebration. In any case, it was clear both nights that listeners liked what they heard, rising to their feet and greeting the players with sincere, sustained applause.
Brown, in anguish and disgust, turned with outstretched arms and a pained face and screamed, "what are you doing?"
While the price tag to complete the approved requests remains unknown, projects requested by Newark and Camden alone would cost at least $336 million, said facilities directors from those cities.
"Animal cruelty and pet overpopulation are issues we can solve," said resident and animal welfare advocate Judie Mancuso. "However, we need the right laws in place, proper enforcement and the community's help."
And amphibians everywhere, world wide, do seem to be vanishing.
Weeds continue their advance between vacant houses with shattered windows and holes in the walls that reveal mud-stained furniture.
Whatever. Maybe just a bad day. But when I returned to LAX on Saturday to rent my son a car from Avis -- unlike Budget, it rents to drivers under 25 -- we ran into the same thing. Twenty people in line. Two people at the counter. Thirty minutes down the drain.
He cited an example: A fight breaks out. The loser alleges he or she was assaulted. Is it an assault?
Tracy Csizmadia, Royal View Elementary
The addition of Arkansas gives Rutgers’ non-conference schedule the star power it was sorely lacking, with Tulane, Howard, Army and Kent State the other non-Big East opponents.
Such a tough decision. The fact Bonds officially replaced Henry Aaron as home run king is a good enough reason to hate on him. But I think I have to vote for Roger Clemens, who is more offensive simply because he hasn't had the decency to shut up and disappear.
Letters of recommendation
TV Land: "Hot in Cleveland" begins its second season in January.
Classmate Bria Jones said she comes to class with questions that she hopes might stump her teacher.
-Hundreds of roads closed due to flooding.
In addition, some older adults have hardening of the arteries, which falsely elevates blood pressures. Your physician needs to take this into account before aggressively treating your blood pressure.
The tweet feud was on.
Currently, Missouri spends $1.3 million on ads, less than any of the 43 other states with lotteries and a fraction of the $8.2 million that Missouri spent on ads eight years ago.
Rose's bitterness is a cloud over the band's induction, but in some ways fitting, given the dysfunction that marked the group as it rose to become one of the world's most popular acts in the 1980s and 1990s with hits like "Welcome to the Jungle," "Sweet Child O' Mine" and "November Rain."
Recovering from a gunshot wound to the head depends on the bullet's path, and while doctors are optimistic about Giffords' odds, it can take weeks to months to tell the damage.
Mirkarimi said he was confident that after Sunday's performance, the race would continue for many more years.
In fact, the results have been dramatic - in the other direction. Since decriminalization lifetime prevalence rates (any consumption over a lifetime) have decreased, especially for the critical adolescent-young-adult population cohort. For 13-15-year-olds the rate decreased from 14.1 percent in 2001 to 10.6 percent in 2006. For 16-18-year-olds, the lifetime prevalence rate, which had increased from 14.1 percent in 1995 to 27.6 percent in 2001, fell to 21.6 percent in 2006. Perhaps most significantly, heroin use, which officials felt was the most socially destructive drug, fell from 2.5 percent to 1.8 percent from 1999-2005.
Happy hour: 2-7 p.m. and 10 p.m.-midnight Monday through Friday
"They said I should make a full recovery, so I've got to be positive with that," Helm said.
The patriotic program, led by guest conductor Giancarlo Guerrero, was another sign of the holiday's eminence. Bookending the play-list were classics such like "The Star-Spangled Banner" and Tchaikovsky's Overture "The Year 1812."
“Allison, a long-time 4-H member, has spent the last several years spreading the word about the benefits of 4-H membership and living the agricultural lifestyle,” said state Secretary of Agriculture Douglas Fisher. “She is well- prepared to be the spokesperson for New Jersey agriculture and a mentor for young people when she attends our state’s agricultural fairs next summer.”
76: Larentowicz given a yellow card for his tackle. Jewsbury takes the free kick, but the Timbers can't convert.
"This year is an important and crucial building block for 2011," Paulson said. "It's important for the foundation that we're building from a players' standpoint."
And not just presidents. Politicians of all stripes — from Govs. Jeb Bush and Lawton Chiles to Mayors Buddy Dyer and Rich Crotty.
Obama's shift isn't all window dressing. Obama has cut taxes for individuals and businesses and hired as his new chief of staff William Daley, a former U.S. Commerce Secretary and executive with JP Morgan Chase.
At the same time, the governor's blueprint for generating more power while reducing the price of electricity scales back the state's goal to bolster renewable sources like solar energy.
Indeed, consumers' cell phones are increasingly being used against them – and not just by harmless pranksters.
Once they know who might be moving in, local officials will have a better idea of how to address things such as road access and precisely how to subdivide the site.
Recreational fishing for chinook has already started off the central Oregon Coast and runs through September.
1. Howlin' For You
The space includes a conference room and more than 15 cubicles. The village would charge a nominal monthly fee for the use of phones, Internet and copiers.
"We expected the kids to be the people that they were suppose to be: people that were respected, that showed respect and had expectations of themselves," Brian Hyde said.
Sveum said the Cubs were also stymied by Marcum, who gave up just one run and three hits in seven strong innings.
Why consumers have latched onto fantasy fiction, and vampires in particular, has been the subject of some academic exploration.
øWhile more jobs do require college degrees, Krauss says other options exist to gain needed skills and education.
The City Council will meet Monday to interview candidates and could vote as early as Friday, Council President Charles Pugh said.
Rose attended the game and waved to fans from center court before the opening tip, then watched the action from a luxury suite. There's no word yet on when he might have surgery to repair his left knee.
"At the end of an event, I've seen Chopper look exhausted, like he has been overwhelmed with love. He gives it his all, that's for sure," Catton said. "I think service comes second nature to Mark, too. He just quietly shows up, helps out and disappears."
Ruth Marcus writes for the Washington Post Writers Group.
Chumby's former business partners may be interested in acquiring its assets, Oien said.
The company reported a net profit of $379,000, or 1 cent a share in the quarter, compared to a loss of $3.1 million, or 6 cents a share in the same period a year ago. Net sales dropped 3.6 percent to $287.3 million, down from $297.9 million.
"Even if others are doing it, Target still has the most cachet and the ability to move the most products," said Flora Delaney, a Minneapolis-based retail consultant. "Target has had home designers in the past, Todd Oldham and Michael Graves, so it makes sense because the name appeal is attractive to their demographic of young families who are trying to furnish and decorate their homes in a stylish way that is also affordable."
The state has an annual contract with Stevens of about $500,000 for shore surveying and stabilization work, which includes the beach replenishment study.
What it means: Public employees covered by PERS are required to contribute 6 percent of their pay to a retirement account administered by the system. The money goes into an individual account -- not the pension fund -- and is invested alongside the pension money.
Still, he played in every game the past three seasons and was at his most productive as a senior, when he rushed for a career-high 1,488 yards and 12 touchdowns and led the Huskies to the Alamo Bowl.
"I went home thinking about that one," McMillan said.
A deadly disease that has killed millions of bats in the northeastern U.S. in recent years has been confirmed for the first time in Missouri, the state Department of Conservation said.
ø"Carlos, I'll tell you something, you never get one right, not one correct overrule," Nadal said in Spanish. "You're not here as a spectator. You know that ball was out."
"We come in contact with people, and I always tell them, 'I meet you at the worst point of your life when I tell you that your loved one was murdered -- not just died -- was murdered,' " Brooks said. "You look in their face and you can see the pain, and there's really nothing you can say to them."
Tony's take: This will be decided by halftime. Ravens 34, Jaguars 10.
Pogue said the operation wasn't only about saving Cairo, but also relieving pressure on an entire system of levees.
But this season was expected to be different. With the graduation of four seniors and the dismissal of returning junior wing Steve Samuels, this looked like it was going to be the opportunity that all players crave. But through five games this season, Ffrench has been a nonfactor. In the last outing against New Jersey rival Seton Hall, Ffrench spent the entire game glued to the bench. It was his first DNP coach’s decision of the season in what must have been a loud and disappointing message from head coach John Dunne.
"It awakened a sleepy little town," said Hoyle, who has run for the City Council in the past.
BUBBA WATSON Improbable hook shot in overtime makes Masters winner out of long-hitting Floridian. Welcome to the club.
"The plan is constitutionally and legally sufficient, and we look forward to defending it," he said. The suit was one of four filed Tuesday, the deadline for challenges to the redistricting plan.
"It was beyond frustrating," Feal said. "You wanted to choke the Republican — or, in some cases, Democrat — out of them and pump the American into them. There were so many people who just put their ideologies in front of the American people.
The bill cleared the Senate Education Committee by a vote of 4 to 1.
In “Commander in Chic,” she offers one-size-fits-all advice for building a wardrobe that reflects and celebrates each woman: Focus on what you love about your body and play it up (hence Obama’s love of sleeveless dresses). Figure out your style — be it bohemian, modern minimalist, romantic or, like Obama, “classic with a twist” — and shop accordingly.
Caveman, Hollis Brown 8:30 p.m. Mar. 21. (tavern). $10.
"We’re proud to be producing this kind of project, this innovation, at Rutgers," said Rutgers President Richard McCormick, as he stopped to admire several of the sample solar panels, tilted toward the early afternoon’s rays.
Even the union’s $200-million headquarters, furniture and all, was financed and built by China.
On cross examination, defense attorney Steven Altman caught Agarwal in several inconsistent statements, including the fact she never had dinner with Ravi that night. Her precise memory, Altman said, was not so accurate.
Two of those 23 states--Michigan and Indiana--have dropped below $4 a gallon since last week, reducing the number of states above $4 to eight. In California, the state where prices first began to drop, the average fell to $4.264 a gallon, off 4.3 cents since last week.
"Anyone who is already behind on their mortgage payments, and is therefore much closer to actually losing their home, won't benefit," said Paul Dales, senior U.S. economist at Capital Economics. "As such, the policy won't do anything to reduce the mountain of 3 million homes that are still at risk of foreclosure."
Last Four Out - A win here, a loss there ...
Khoo Boon Hui, president of the global police network, told a conference of 49 European member states that cyber crime is becoming more transnational. He pointed to a study published in March by the London Metropolitan University that found 80 percent of online crime is connected to cross-border organized gangs.
"It cost $9 million to retrofit the camp that doesn't really serve all residents," she added. "The same day the city council discussed the retrofit, they also discussed calling for a fiscal emergency. That doesn't make sense."
Facebook is also trying to change how people get news. Through partnerships with news outlets such as The Washington Post and the Daily, users will be able to see what their friends are reading and read those stories on the social network.
Butler hasn't been invited to the talks, which Steinberg described as "very quiet but very productive." Butler's not surprised he's being left out.
Go into the claims process knowing that there's no guarantee of money. Towns only part with cash if they had prior knowledge of a problem but failed to repair it in a timely manner. Yes, it sounds like trying to beat the house at its own game, but checks do get written. Just ask Mr. Garrett.
The S&P index has fallen 19.4 percent since its high for the year on April 29. A 20 percent drop would signify the start of a bear market, ending a bull market that began in March 2009.
Unlike past product launches, Apple allowed people to reserve the iPad online and have it sent to them or set aside an Apple Store.
Roseann Pagano Pizzi, the psychology supervisor at Children's Specialized Hospital in Mountainside, will lead the presentation, which will address proposed changes in the classification of autism spectrum disorders and recent developments about autism.
Company officials told analysts gathered near its Bentonville, Ark., headquarters that revenue at stores open at least a year, a critical yardstick for retailers' health, rose in July, August and September after more than two years of quarterly declines.
Q: When is the sun farthest south in the Southern Hemisphere?
This season's freeway exit: Same one as last year.
The Last Man's father, too. He was a cobbler, Vaclav Kriz. His wife died in childbirth when the Last Man was born, and the cobbler took his infant son back to his home village in Czechoslovakia. What a journey that must have been.
Page said Thursday that more than 10 million people already have joined Plus even though it's still requires an invitation to get into it. By comparison, Facebook has more than 750 million users.
When Hageline viewed the lineup, he incorrectly identified one of the police officers - Hugh Gallagly III, who was standing next to Vanecko - as the man who hit Koschman.
Said manager Manny Acta, "We're looking for a guy who can play left field every day, or at least contribute in a platoon, until Grady comes back. We're not looking for versatility. We're looking for someone who can hold down the fort."
It started, at least publicly, in March of 2007. It was of one of the biggest games of the year, a showdown between Simeon and St. Joseph at Northwestern.
Local union president Mark Dickow says factory workers at a Ram truck plant in Warren, Mich., near Detroit voted 70 percent in favor of the deal on Tuesday. Warren was the last factory to vote. It follows three other large factories in approving the deal.
After battling to a scoreless tie through regulation and two overtimes, Howell Central didn't launch the penalty-kick session in encouraging fashion. Its first shot missed, handing Hazelwood West an edge.
A car was stolen between April 18 and 19 in the 14000 block of Bantry Lane.
The recession had not yet taken its toll when plans were drawn up and funding approved for the Dodgers/Chicago White Sox Camelback Ranch and Cleveland Indians/Cincinnati Reds in Goodyear Ballpark, which opened in 2009. (The Reds moved to the new facility in 2010.)
It was already under national scrutiny for its failure to stem violent attacks on Asian students by African Americans at South Philadelphia High School.
¼ cup fresh orange juice
The Bainbridge Library is hosting certified yoga instructor Poly Manke 2 p.m. April 15.
Romney, for his part, never misses an opportunity to blame Obama for what he labels as failed economic policies and bloated government, and to argue that the president's had his chance and now it's time for him to move on. He criticizes a jumble of "federal workforce training programs, 49 reporting to eight different agencies."
"He's not like this slow donkey you can play behind," Acta said. "It was cool to see that triple. It was fun to see him go. The whole dugout was screaming at him."
But more than a year later, she and her husband are still standing. And they are doing it together.
They also paved the way for other small restaurants to open in the Mission, including Tartine, which opened in 2002, and Range, which followed a few years later. They also offered a style of Italian food that felt more authentic than what had previously been offered, and others followed.
Besides a school of sports, Semmelweis University, which on its website calls itself an "elite research university," also has schools of medicine, pharmacy and dentistry.
Birding Basics Weekend, for adults ages 18 and older, will be presented on Friday, May 18, and Saturday, May 19, in the Watchung Reservation. On Friday, from 7-8:30 p.m. at Trailside Nature and Science Center, 452 New Providence Road, Mountainside, Trailside naturalist Joe Filo will lecture on bird watching basics. Filo will lead a bird-watching walk from 7:30-9:30 a.m. on Saturday at the Deserted Village.
-- On a 3rd and 22, the Giants had a false start. It was called on the "offensive line." Everyone moved.
Tebow finished the night 6-of-11 for 93 yards and added 25 yards on four rushes.
The NFL traditionally doesn't play a Sunday night game the first weekend the World Series is under way, figuring the sports audience will be divided. But it's play-on for football this year, as there is no break in the schedule for NBC's Sunday night package. This will be the first time since 2002 for the overlap.
“If someone had come forward a week after the robbery and said, ‘I wasn’t involved but I want the reward to turn it in,’ that would stretch credibility a lot,” Kelly said. “But 20 years later, it is logical to think these paintings would have changed hands any number of times and wound up by now in an innocent person’s basement.”
Total fatalities in motor vehicle accidents have dropped from 723 in 2004 to 581 so far this year, but pedestrian deaths jumped after two years of decline.
Maybe more than he knows.
This unexpected terrace shaded by live oaks is no more than 100 paces from the Capitoline Museums. Yet you'll probably be alone, far above chaotic Via del Teatro di Marcello. Views sweep in a semicircle, taking in 3,500 years of history, from the Bronze Age forward: Before the Romans arrived, protohistorical settlements were here.
Some folks screamed bloody murder, claiming Scott was simply trying to embarrass them.
On the other hand, would Democrats think women would go for a guy who smells like barbecue?
ø•The BlackBerry syndrome.Research In Motion, maker of the once-ubiquitous BlackBerry smartphone, hit a high of $147.55 in June of 2008. It swooned to a low of $12.52 in December.
Disturbance. 5:04 p.m. Monday. 29500 block of Sienna Parkway. A caller reported four teenagers riding motorized scooters on campus.
As the final seconds ticked down, Davis pointed to the court and screamed twice "This is my stage!"
The Phillies were another sexy pick, but enough experts saw something in the Nationals to make them a consensus wild card.
Laughing matters: Back to the topic at hand, and how innovation, a talent Silicon Valley has in bountiful supply, could be encouraged further by government actions. Here, the governor was in a more jovial mood.
If there’s ever a need for a restaurant set to someday film The Real Housewives of the Main Line, there would probably be no better candidate than a swanky new destination in Wayne called Paramour. Webster’s, not a dictionary to mince connotations, defines the name as saucy enough for TV: “a lover or a mistress, the illicit sexual partner of a married man or woman.”
Federal elections law allows 501(c)4 groups to collect unlimited, undisclosed donations as long as a majority is spent on their primary mission and not on electioneering. Issue campaigns are considered voter education while candidate campaigns are categorized as electioneering. As a result, groups that want to spend heavily on candidates in the 2012 elections have an incentive to jack up their spending on issue campaigns, such as Senate Bill 5, to keep their electioneering spending below 50 percent of their overall expenditures, according to Fazekas of We AreOhio.
Ultimately, as much as I love getting my hands on new Apple devices, I found it a lot less fun to visit the new iPad in the stores. After saying yup, the screen and camera are better, half wondering whether it really was the new iPad, there isn’t much reason to keep playing with it.
A minor gloss, but a very big deal for a writer who carried on such a vast correspondence as Pound. Is it possible, I wondered, that three generations of Pound enthusiasts have been making a partial pilgrimage at best?
OF Kanesha Lewis, sr., Jennings
Some car rental companies will allow spouses to drive a rental at no extra charge. But what does marriage have to do with a rental car? Last time I checked, it had nothing to do with it at all.
NO MORE PIZZA
"I'm not condoning Argentina's nationalization of YPF, which is a bad thing, but Miguel is a reasonable choice for the role," since his unit operates in ways that are "pretty similar to running a regular oil and gas company," Ellis said.
EILZABETH ANN "LIBBY" PLYLAR READ, 73, Kissimmee, died Sunday. Osceola Memory Gardens Cemetery, Funeral Home & Crematory, Kissimmee..
Tony's take: Rob Ryan won't get the Gatorade shower this time. Patriots 27, Cowboys 23.
So the experience of the last two decades weighs heavily on Mr. Romney, if he is nominated, to choose his running mate on the basis of true qualification to assume the presidency if so required, and to play a productive role in helping the president govern the country in the meantime.
They also picked a uniform set of textbooks that should be used to teach physics, chemistry and Advanced Placement- and International Baccalaureate-level biology, physics and chemistry.
better manage New Jersey’s correction system and improve public safety.
Last fall The Bee revealed that an estimated $100 million in recruitment incentives <U+0096> cash benefits meant to entice recruits or get experienced Guard members to re-enlist <U+0096> were paid improperly or illegally. The abuses were overlooked or ignored by numerous leaders <U+0096> including Bodner, who led the command during some of the worst misconduct. That episode is now the subject of a federal criminal investigation.
March 21-April 1 — Sony Ericsson Open, HO (Novak Djokovic)
The novel's only possible weakness comes as the mole hunt reaches its end, and Rief confesses disappointment that <U+0093>there had been no Eureka moment, no detonation of understanding and clarity.<U+0094> Later, he complains to Munro that he thinks the spymaster's world is <U+0093>too subtle<U+0094> for him. Readers who prefer their yarns tied up in a tight bow might feel the same as the book's hero.
Singer Cyndi Lauper, who crooned "girls just want to have fun," probably would be happy with the No. 1 reason parents have their children participate in the Phoenix summer recreation programs.
"Mount Hood has always been a place of magic for me and my family," Troutmer told us.
(Marylanders might get additional help locating benefits. Legislators recently passed a bill that would require insurers to check the Death Master File or another comprehensive database to uncover any death benefit payments due. This would take effect next year, if the governor signs the legislation.)
Where is that Anita Alvarez?
WHY IT'S HOT: It's the first time in years we're seeing a new screen technology for TVs. OLED screens can be extremely thin. LG's set is just 4 millimeters thick. That's one-sixth of an inch. The picture quality is stunning too, because OLED TVs can present highly saturated colors and a nearly perfect black.
Maybe a toothache.
Lampner said it is too early to say how much space would be used for the panels because no design has yet been drawn. He described the project as being in the "very early stages." A number of trees would have to be cut down to put in the solar panels, but he said some of the trees had been damaged during storms in the past year and would have to be cut down anyway.
"She has gone home," he said in Charlotte as tears streamed down his face. "She died peacefully in her sleep with my sister at her side, and so there is great joy, as well as tears."
Education reformers across the country have been trying to steer American education into a standards-based system for more than two decades, but the credit-based system still prevails. The Katz plan, hampered by repeated money problems, never took root and eventually fizzled. Under Kitzhaber's plan, the investment board would use money to spur change.
5714 Helen Av, $22,000
Honey Hut, the State Road ice cream emporium that churns out sweet smiles, has found a way to make kids smile when they're eating their vegetables: Sweet Potato Ice Cream.
The Joliet Junior College building, planned for downtown, for culinary arts and hospitality classes.
McDonald rejoined the Blues in practice almost immediately after the injury, which happened when Carolina's Tuomu Ruutu pushed him awkwardly into the boards. He took off his red no-contact jersey last week, and after indications that he might be available Thursday, Hitchcock decided to wait another game.
Spell out cheers in German, Prost, with these mugs from Anthropologie, $6 each.
Gomez's numbers with Triple-A Columbus -- 10-7 with a 2.55 ERA -- lead Indians manager Manny Acta to believe the rookie right-hander will be able to perform well in an important spot start.
On April 30, Louie Puroll was wounded during a reported shootout with suspected drug smugglers in a remote area southwest of Casa Grande.
The team jumped on Aug. 2, 1944, met with Mihailovich and got to work directing the airmen to build the airstrip.
The other star for Portland's offense on this night was Andre Miller. He has such a great sense of only looking for his shot when the team absolutely needs it. He's fine with the fact that he's probably the third or fourth option on most plays. Last night he had 20 points, 6 rebounds, and 6 assists. And, he drilled a couple of huge shots late in the game, and overtime, that helped Portland survive.
Plain Dealer Online Arts & Entertainment Editor Michael Norman also interviewed the band recently at the Rock Hall's Alan Freed Radio Studio. You can hear that podcast by clicking the player below.
"Other people might do a skit at the top of the album, but hers really was sketch comedy," Jensen explained. "She's playing herself being interviewed by a reporter who is also played by her. The interview keeps getting interrupted by neighbors and relatives who are all played by her. And then she leaves her apartment and goes to the show."
11923 Midvale Dr, $142,000
What's the Poison Control number? Where do you go when a dear friend is diagnosed with cancer? Who can help you untangle a hospital complaint?
Republicans abandoned provisions from a House-passed bill that would have required the jobless to pursue a high school equivalency degree to get benefits and let states require recipients to undergo drug testing.
CNN, Al Jazeera English and National Public Radio received the prestigious award for their coverage of the pro-Democracy movements that led to leaders being unseated in the Middle East, including Tunisia, Egypt and Libya.
Anelli began her vocal career at the old Villa Angela High School where she graduated in 1979. "My first leading role was Lili in "Carnival," and I had the time of my life," said Anelli. "The cast became like a family. I still love that about being in a show!"
On newspapers:
Auditors also found that the commissioners gave their former general manager, Patrick Lynch, an annual bonus of $125,000 for several years without requiring him to undergo a performance review.
The lessons Beattie taught his young racers at the University of Colorado (winning NCAA titles in 1959 and 1960) and the U.S. Ski Team in the early 1960s continue to shape the sport. Bill Marolt, chief executive of the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association, runs the organization with Beattie's principles in mind.
Apple peel was one we played with. It didn't work. We tried rice - straight rice. It didn't work. You have to take something that is more of a parchment and less of a protein. It has to be something like a carrier. So it has to have an absorbing quality to it.
Neals said it’s disingenuous for the ACLU to focus on lawsuits that were submitted before the current administration took office. In addition, he emphasized that many of the settlements paid out by the city were only small amounts and included no admission of guilt.
“I don’t really know what happened with that deal,” James said. “But I know my family called me, like ‘You declared for the draft?’ I think it’s kind of an unfair statement for somebody to go out and say something I didn’t say.”
7. iPhoto (Apple)
"I saw a barber shop that had a sign, 'We buy gold,'" he says. "A barber shop! Can you imagine?"
Prosecutors said Liu unleased malicious allegations online against some of his victims, ranging from former bosses who had fired him years earlier to two Chicago police officers who arrested him.
Raise Your Hand - Instrumental (Collecting Signs)
"The Third Reich at War" is the third and final volume of Richard Evans' masterful study of the rise and fall of Nazism. The first book, "The Coming of the Third Reich," brought the story up to the end of 1933, with the National Socialist regime securely in command of Germany. The second volume, "The Third Reich in Power," covered the years 1933 to 1939, concluding with the outset of World War II.
*-left-hander
Chief Executive Carson Sweet said his company will use the financing to boost market penetration of its cloud-security platform, Halo, and add new innovations "that will change how companies look at server security altogether."
But that task force may be investigating few of the recent burglaries.
Antonio "Capone" Crawford, 33, described in court documents as a gang enforcer, was indicted in February on a federal charge of being a felon in possession of a firearm and was arrested June 25.
Three stocks rose for every two that fell on the New York Stock Exchange, where trading volume came to 1.2 billion shares compared with 1.1 billion Thursday.
From liquor, wine and water to teatime, April 29, Business, D2
Ohio State should be able to run this season, with options like Dan Herron, Jaamal Berry, Rod Smith, Hall and Carlos Hyde. But the Buckeyes have major questions to answer when it comes to figuring out who they're going to throw to.
Pressure on the line slowly dropped during the first hour of what was supposed to be an eight-hour test, indicating a leak, PG&E spokesman Brian Swanson said.
"The Olympic Games should not be a forum to raise political issues and the IOC regrets any attempts to use the spotlight of the games for that end," the IOC said in a statement to The Associated Press.
Second-seeded Maria Kirilenko advanced in the women's event, overcoming Elena Baltacha 7-6 (6), 6-1. Third-seeded Anabel Medina Garrigues defeated qualifier Kristina Barrois 6-4. 6-1.
"It's fun; it's out of the box," explains Elizabeth Berberich, 61, a contestant from Surfside who looks petite and lovely in a champagne-colored gown. "It's something I never imagined I would do."
She isn't alone anymore. No. 5 Mountain Ridge's win made a statement as it stays in the winner's bracket of the tournament, which is now in its double-elimination portion, and will play top-seeded Chandler Basha on Saturday.
"It's the perfect color to move us out of the dull and dreary winter months and into spring," says Sabrina Soto, host of HGTV's "The High Low Project."
However, it costs thousands of quarters every month to pay rent, she said. And it isn't easy to earn that on a coin-operated machine, or even with performing ceremonies like Christian and Johnston's.
“It literally started within a week after we got the news of the Camden Diocese’s intentions of closing us,” said Leo Hagerty, Notre Dame’s School Board President, who has a new role as the Edgarton Christian Academy School Board president.
After favorably comparing Jessica's singing on "Proud Mary" to that of such icons as Tina Turner, Janis Joplin and Beyoncé, Lopez marveled: "You're so (like a) grown up… it's crazy! I always forget that you're 16 years old."
In Nevada, more than six in 10 homes are "underwater" - they're worth less than the mortgages on them.
The selection included cucumbers, tomatoes, sweet peppers, carrots and cabbage, which I should have bought to go with the corned beef, but clearly, I wasn’t thinking clearly anymore.
They also may be looking to repair a broadening rift between the state's business leaders and Democrats who control both chambers of the Legislature and the governor's office.
One of the book's unexpected delights is how it details changes in Levantine cuisine, health care and dress. When trousers arrived: "In essence, Beirut experienced its phase of European fashion as though it were a carnival of laughs: men walking with their feet unnaturally far apart, as if every male in the city had suddenly gone lame; endless jokes; and a devastating sense of professional impotence among the traditional tailors who could not accustom themselves to the new style of apparel."
STATE, LOCAL EMPLOYEES HAVE VARIETY OF OPTIONS
Newly published by Minneapolis' Coffeehouse Press, the novel is the real deal, complete with book-signing appearances in New York and Los Angeles and book-jacket blurbs from such esteemed authors as Greil Marcus and Sam Lipsyte.
Patricia Paul of Dundalk told Planning Board members that there should be more study of the potential impact on traffic and the environment before anything is done with the government center. She objected to the prospect of developing land now used for youth league ballfields.
The problem for Beijing is an unfortunate location in a basin surrounded by three mountains that trap pollutants. It must also cope with the fact that since 2001, the number of automobiles in the city has roughly doubled.
The Morettis and others say the memorial is part of a project of unprecedented complexity, sensitivity and scale, tied up with the redevelopment of the entire Trade Center site, and the pace of progress should come as no surprise.
Finding the Right Fit
Adding to Detroit's money problems are uncollected income taxes, possibly $155 million a year, suggests a report by international consultants McKinsey & Co.
BEHAVING LIKE A PIG
4242 Bielefield Dr, $160,000
The short-sale process is anything but short.
A tireless volunteer in his community, he chaired the board of St. Joseph's Health System and the Board of Visitors of Emory University. He also was a founding trustee of the Atlanta Girls School. In addition, he served on the boards of the Atlanta Ballet, Leadership Atlanta, the High Museum of Art, the Carter Center and the Atlanta Opera.
But minutes earlier in a talk with Jewish leaders about his recent sojourn to the Holy Land, Christie hyped his role in the Romney campaign. The two Republicans used the same tour guide, and one of Romney’s foreign policy advisers largely planned Christie’s four-day trip and prepped him before Christie addressed the pro-Israel lobby AIPAC.
– The 23rd annual Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony is set Dec. 7 at city hall, 300 Centennial Way, Old Town. The free evening will include local entertainment and holiday tradition for the entire family. Santa will be on hand with treats for the kids. Call 714-573-3326.
Deen's main mantra is moderation. You can have that bacon-doughnut burger, the idea goes, as long as you accompany it with a side of pills to counter the effects of this egregiously unhealthy meal. Deen's personal lifestyle changes include cutting down on her sweet tea intake, taking to the treadmill and signing a lucrative contract to promote an expensive diabetes drug.
Edwards denies knowing about the $725,000 in checks that heiress Rachel "Bunny" Mellon sent to Young through her interior designer.
The House of Representatives voted down a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution on Friday, failing to revive a long-held and perpetually elusive goal for the GOP.
In many ways, Taylor was no different from a lot of teenagers when they get away from home. He screwed up. It’s just for a starter for a program like Kansas, every mistake is magnified, and Taylor, a Hoboken native who starred for Hurley at St. Anthony, has had his share.
Troopers seized a shotgun and $2,500 cash when they arrested 21-year-old Raheem Y. Davies, a West Ward resident whom city police arrested in March after allegedly finding him with more than 60 decks of heroin. On Friday, he was charged with weapons offenses.
"If you drive a car, you drive 50 miles, you pay for gas for 50 miles," Verizon Wireless spokeswoman Brenda Raney said.
On average, a person died from suicide roughly every 15 minutes in the United States in 2008, compared with every 17 minutes in 2007, Crosby said.
"Some residents called me wanting to do a startup," said Dorival, a civilian police employee. About 30 people came to the clubhouse for that first session, she said. "Everyone was enthusiastic." Zimmerman volunteered to be captain.
The rough and tumble of politics wasn't enough. Coburn joined a rugby club, developing lifelong friendships with congressional aides and government officials he played with. Rugby also left Coburn with a slightly bent nose and a scar high on his forehead.
Powell added that as more women have entered the workplace, language may have become more "gender inclusive." She is just as likely to hear businesses spoken of as families or communities than as teams, such as the phrase "we treat our employees as family." But regardless of the metaphor, she feels it's important to define what the terms mean, especially in terms of power.
“Most people think about cursing, but that happens in less than 10 percent of cases,” said Baldwin. “For the other 90 percent of people with Tourette’s, there are motor tics or vocal tics that are present for a year. We’re trying to dispel all the misunderstood ideas.”
With reams of war footage and 12 engrossing stories to tell, Anderson believes they are up to the task.
For this fiscal year, Ogden's budget was bumped from $16,000 to $20,000, while the budget for the council members combined dropped from $15,000 to $10,000.
Nowhere is this more evident than in the southwestern suburbs, which have emerged as a hot destination for Indian dining. Fueled by a growing Indian-American population around Parma, Middleburg Heights and North Royalton, the area has seen the opening of several top-notch Indian restaurants and groceries. Two popular restaurants are the sleek-and-chic Cuisine of India and the vegetarian South-Indian Udupi Cafe, both in Parma Heights.
The practice remains popular, he said, because it keeps hunters busy during the slow winter months. "These guys don't have a heck of a lot to do in the winter, so to stay employed, they need to go fly around in a helicopter and shoot coyotes that might kill a sheep next spring," Niemeyer said.
"It should have been a tighter series," Giroux said, wearing a suit.
Ashton will remain on $700,000 per episode but he and his co-stars have been promised a signing on bonus, according to Deadline.
øThe Yankees began the season with three straight losses to Tampa Bay in Florida and last beat the AL East-leading Rays on Sept. 21. It was their longest losing streak all-time against the Rays.
Tottenham players William Gallas and Louis Saha along with referee Howard Webb immediately beckoned for medical support as the game was immediately stopped, then abandoned.
"But there's also people who believe that when you compare him to a Vince Young, that it's not a fair comparison because Vince Young never had to face adversity throughout his career, and when he did in the NFL it didn't (go) well.
Prices start at $700,000 for a home of 3,305 square feet up to $820,000 for 3,874 square feet. Each lot is close to an acre in size.
At the end of kindergarten, the district will store the iPads over the summer and re-issue them at the beginning of first grade, with a new set of iPads for the next year<U+0092>s kindergarten class.
A Union City man was viciously beaten during an attempted robbery early Monday at 37th Street and Bergenline Avenue, police said.
This new mall is swarming with college kids clad in Arizona State University Ts and Greek life sweatshirts. The new outdoor mall houses every kind of store, from Target and Best Buy to Divaz Boutique and Hottie World, all with outside fireplaces and fountains.
Price concerns and subsequent analysis laid the ground work for Russell to poach from BNY Mellon the lucrative business of two large state pension funds that the bank had handled for years.
The statement also says, "St. Joseph must respond to the changing times and in doing so is charting its course for the future. Good stewardship requires that we continually monitor all variables and make the best decisions possible to maintain efficiencies and provide quality patient care."
Update: Betty Riess, spokeswoman for Bank of America, says the bank can’t comment on specific breaches. But Riess adds that when the bank is notified by card association that customers’ cards were compromised, the “standard practice is to notify the customers and block and reissue their cards.” Plus, if fraud does occur, customers have zero liability, she says.
Bed Bath and Beyond on Charleston Avenue, 8:17 p.m.: A vehicle was burglarized.
FAMILY RESPONSIBILITIES
In an interim report circulated to the Security Council, the five-member panel said it also obtained documented evidence of fraudulent "United Nations certificates" being forged to facilitate the sale of Congolese gold to buyers in Africa. The panel said it referred the matter to the U.N.'s internal investigation body.
Raphael Miranda was tracked to Passaic and charged with shooting and killing Bernardo Bermudez, 34, of Dade County Fla., outside of the Stadium Sports Bar & Grill on Mulberry Street Sunday, said Kathy Carter, a spokeswoman for the prosecutor’s office.
"Ninety-five percent of us common people support Bo. He was a good leader," said a woman in a red tracksuit. "Now Chongqing people want to take him back."
"I want the world to know what we're doing here," DiVincenzo said of his reasons. "I get questioned everyday about taxes. ... They want to know 'Why?'"
"At somebody's wedding, we can't cry in front of them, but still I cry, inside my heart," his wife, Kyung Woo, 60, said. "I'm kind of jealous. So many dreams in my head. If she had children, I could take care of my grandchildren."
"Um, good question," Shonstrom said.
"That's why it's called 'practice,'" Coach Ed Villegas reminded the skaters.
He points to the Real ID bill passed in 2005 by Congress that created some national standards for drivers licenses and other forms of state identification. There has been so much political opposition to the law that it has yet to be implemented, and Congress is considering changes.
The biggest surprise might not have been how good were the newcomers, with seven new starters on defense and seven on offense because of disciplinary suspensions. Ohio State is always going to have a lot of good players.
"For both teams, it is a tough day to hit," Horne said. "You have to try to scratch some things."
"But for it to end like this is pretty cool. ... We saw the best they had to offer in Columbia, (and) they saw the best that we have to offer, maybe for the next 10 years."
The ever-hilarious (and also cute) Jason Segel ("Forgetting Sarah Marshall," "I Love You Man") plays Tom, a talented lug of a sous-chef, who proposes to his love, Violet (played by the ever charming, Emily Blunt of "The Devil Wear Prada" fame). SPOLIER ALERT: She says yes.
Tea party fare is traditionally light, a spread of finger foods to accompany your tea and tide you over until dinner. There are the British pastry classics such as scones or crumpets, generally served with a sweet swipe of jam and rich clotted cream, and desserts with names as delightful as Victoria sponge or banoffee pie. There are potted shrimp and meat under thick coats of unappealing fat, and, if you're getting fancy, tiered trays on which to show off your wares. Sandwiches, trimmed of their crusts and cut into finger-sized portions, are filled with a number of spreads, such as the less-popular-in-America fishpaste or the why-hasn't-this-caught-on-here combination of sharp cheddar and sweet-hot chutney.
Police say six protesters have been arrested for demonstrating inside a U.S. Senate office building.
"And kosher suppliers realized they were missing out on an opportunity -- it was a niche they weren't hitting."
Arielle Stambler
"Growth is a whole lot of fun," said John Ryan, president and managing partner. "It's hard to pay attention to anything else when you've had the opportunities we've had. The committee provides us a good lens to keep an eye on culture from all points of the firm."
Maybe. You can apply for one locally at a library or a post office, but the U.S. State Department says what happens next is unknown. A spokesman said the agency is looking into it.
My new hairstyle looks wonderful
In addition, the Yankees finally used the chip that was Jesus Montero to obtain Pineda. He did not have his good fastball in spring training. But Rothschild reasons now that a combination of shoulder weakness and deviation from a streamlined delivery were making the ball cut and robbing life from his velocity. He expects to see 98 mph when Pineda returns to the majors.
Jones’ one-out homer in the second inning was his second in as many nights and sixth in a span of 47 at-bats. After hitting his 450th career homer Wednesday, he said he finally had strength back in his legs after July arthroscopic knee surgery and a quadriceps strain.
1 1/2 ounces fresh lemon juice
But the real problem was American Airlines. You asked it to cancel all of your tickets, but it only processed one itinerary. There are ways of verifying a cancellation. Companies will often offer a cancellation number or some other verification that the tickets have been refunded, such as an email. When you didn't get a confirmation from American, you should have called back.
Under the contract, Downforce Racing is obligated to pay less in taxes and fees to the city than under the previous agreement with Baltimore Racing Development. The contract with Downforce Racing also does not require the company to assume Baltimore Racing Development's debts.
Those who happen to spot one or more wolves, their dens or other wolf sign can share in great -- or scant -- detail whatever they've spotted or heard. The page includes a detailed graphic offering tips on how to tell the difference between a wolf and a coyote, which looks similar but is much smaller than a wolf.
Aging gracefully isn't easy. Some days just walking gracefully isn't easy. But there are plenty of QuirkOut ideas for embracing the aging process before it embraces you.
Ten Best Jazz Albums
Osteoporosis may be treated with biophosphonates, Selective Estrogen Receptor Modulators (SERMs), calcitonin or possibly hormone replacement therapy. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of each treatment with your physician. Additionally, increasing your intake of calcium and Vitamin D can help lessen your risk of bone fracture. Talk to your doctor before taking a calcium supplement.
Despite the skepticism, after re-reading the draft-guide scouting reports on McClellin, I felt a regret similar to when I look back at the form to see what I missed in the winning horse I failed to consider, let alone put $2 on. Without having seen McClellin even in shorts as a Bear, I'll say this: McClellin is closer to Brian Urlacher than he is to Dan Bazuin. His versatility, size and athleticism make him a better candidate to succeed somewhere on the Bears' defense. When Bazuin failed at defensive end he had nowhere to go. McClellin has options.
The Davy Crockett, a converted Liberty ship from World War II, has been moored between Camas and Vancouver on the north side of the Columbia for years.
A Missouri judge has rejected a challenge to the way charter schools are funded in the state.
Colorado Academy def. Sierra, 25-9, 25-18.
"But it's amazing what's going on right now. … It's high stakes, high emotion, competitive players, many that are crossing the line."
Said Coughlin: “This time, (Smith) guessed right.”
Baseball had just finished its first World Series in 20 years that did not include either the Yankees, Dodgers or Giants. Still, unless you found the Celtics dynasty tedious, the last thing on your mind was a new 11-team hoops league filled with Eastern League refugees and point-shaving scandal suspects.
"That was very disheartening to see because I was so worried for my son. I was very, very worried," she said.
Two days after Social Security denied his disability claim, Pyatt received a notice from another government agency, Medicare and Medicaid, declaring him totally and permanently disabled. That qualified him for Medicaid, but VA treatment was still cheaper.
The three days of this draft are going to shape the future of the Browns for years to come and define the way Mike Holmgren and Tom Heckert are remembered as part of the team's history.
The event will raise funds to open a home in St. Louis to provide refuge and care for girls under 18 who have been victims of sexual exploitation and sex trafficking. The evening will provide wine and hors d'oeuvres, entertainment, and artwork donated by local artists to be auctioned and sold.
Jantzer was able to switch gears and come home in 8:33.45. Berberick was next in 8:33.74.
Census Bureau and elected officials used that information to press their case at a news conference the New Jersey State League of Municipalities held to mark “Census Day,” which is Thursday.
The City Council agreed to provide each artist with a $500 honorarium and up to $200 for supplies. Painting will take place April 16-30. All artists agreed to be at work on their utility boxes from noon to 2 p.m. April 29 to give the public a chance to meet them and view their progress.
What I hate is that Christmas seems to be pushed on us earlier and earlier. I hate walking into Target the day after Halloween and they already have Christmas decorations up. Let me stuff my face on Thanksgiving and then we’ll talk Christmas!
In a striking departure, Romney narrowly led Santorum among voters as the candidate who "best understands the problems of average Americans," a category in which the wealthy Romney has struggled this year.
Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis added 18 for UConn, 33-4, which will play Notre Dame in a semifinal on Sunday in Denver.
Morrow, daughter of KSU coach Mike Morrow, was the medalist at the qualifying tournament at Grey Hawk last month with a 1-under 71. Marshall, from Nordonia, joined her teammate with a 73.
"For years we've told people 'don't eat that' or, 'Here's your problem,' " he said of the physicians' party line. "Sometimes," he added of his own thrice-yearly yearning for steak, "You have to feed your inner jerk."
Spock lied.
» A building lease was approved to give ET Energy Solutions space to store construction supplies for the largest array of solar panels in the state. The solar farm will have 41,000 panels producing 11.5 megawatts of electricity for sale to the grid of Indianapolis Power & Light Co.
As the novel hurtles toward its masterfully plotted climax, it becomes clear how easily either of these two stories could overtake Jun Do's own - further underscoring what he faces in trying to become master of his own destiny.
Indoor tanning took off about 30 years ago. There are nearly 22,000 salons across the U.S., serving an estimated 28 million customers, according to IBISWorld, an industry research firm.
Schuyler Brown, women, 55 kg <U+0096> attends Northern Michigan
Clark was known for inviting troubled people into his San Clemente home, including Marquez, who was a handyman.
In striking a balance between free speech and public safety, much depends on the protesters getting as close as possible to the meetings they are protesting, said Alan Howard, who teaches at St. Louis University School of Law.
"It took 20 minutes to get where I could actually see the fish" before finally bringing it in a few minutes later, he said.
The host team got a bit of a break a few points earlier. When Regis led 13-10 in the second set, the Raiders were whistled for a rotation error. Coach Alex Chan argued and there was a 20-minute delay while the referees and scorekeepers sorted out the matter. It turned out Regis wasn’t at fault, but the damage was done – the Raiders lost all their momentum.
Unsure how to respond, I again relied on the irreverent baseball humor that only a pair of inseparable friends truly appreciate.
For retailers, the day after Thanksgiving traditionally marked the day they moved into profitability for the year -- from "in the red" to "in the black." It's also used derisively by many retailers to mark a very long day of impatient shoppers, boorish behavior and adults elbowing one another to get a cheap video-game system.
A statement from Horizon League Commissioner Jon LeCrone regarding Butler leaving the conference:
The showcase has made a major move from the Delmar Loop to Washington Avenue, which is a good look for the increasingly bustling downtown area.
"Everybody felt betrayed," said Mayor Becky Arnold. "I think it was a blow to the entire community. But now it's over and done, and the fire district has made changes so nothing like that can ever happen again. I think most people realize that."
"Rather than pursuing more free trade agreements that could further injure our economic recovery, we should be focused on revitalizing our nation's economy through a National Manufacturing Strategy, helping our small businesses grow through increased exports and providing adequate support and retraining to workers displaced by offshoring and trade agreements."
Ever wonder why this address came to symbolize Tinseltown? Well, a brick structure at that corner, the Taft Building (1680 N. Vine St.), was where most of the studios and many agents had offices. This made it a busy spot for actors looking for work. CBS broadcast programs from Hollywood and Vine during radio's golden era, and, looking north on Vine, you'll spot the famous Capitol Records Tower (hollywoodandvine.com).
But the ministry decided to step up inspections of U.S. beef and request detailed information on the case from the United States -- initial measures to appease public concern while avoiding possible trade conflicts.
Showtimes: 7:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays; 6:30 p.m. April 22; 2 p.m. May 6
The former chairman of New York law firm Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP was stripped of his remaining leadership roles Sunday, as law firm Greenberg Traurig LLP called off discussions on a possible deal with the struggling firm.
"They're all brand new drivers so anything that at least teaches them or reiterates the idea of safe driving is very important," said Broadview Heights School Resource Officer Jose Garcia. They're getting ready for prom right around this time too so especially it's important to reiterate those things."
“The wedding was planned for when he came home,” another sister, Michele Kulesa, told The Record.
"At this point, we're not sure what the owners will say," she said.
The lease runs about $215,000 annually - $208,000 for the building and $7,000 for use of park<U+F02D>ing spaces, said Santa Ana College spokeswoman Nikita Flynn. This amount does not include all operating costs, such as utilities, she added.
Hausfrau Record Shop, 1392 West 65th St., Cleveland: New store focusing on all things vinyl -- from indie rock and punk to reggae, jazz and more. New and used.
Meanwhile, the release said, St. Louis Public has seven buildings for sale and 22 that are empty.
“It’s horrible,” Higbee said. “I have a lot of friends here.”
Both crude-oil futures and gasoline futures have fallen sharply since the end of March. Futures for West Texas Intermediate — the U.S. benchmark crude — have fallen 9.4 percent. The decline of the gasoline futures — reformulated gasoline blendstock — has been even sharper, falling 11 percent over the same span. The Associated Press
880 Linda Mar Blvd., 03/28/12, $419,000, 3 bdrms, 1040 sf, built 1954, last sold: 06/16/1995, $224,000
Based on conditions in the apartment, Kapp said, police arrested 26-year-old Alayna M. Higdon, mother of the baby and oldest child, and her partner, John C. Eckhart, 30, who is the father of all but the 9-year-old boy.
"Providing service to others is not only a distraction from the gloomy weather, but it gives you a warm, fuzzy feeling to know you've helped someone in need," she said.
He was also a talented photographer and artist; his film "Secret Weapons" won the Grand Award of the New York Film Festival.
"If the Forest Service has sufficient staff and resources to implement the final rule as intended, then I think, on balance, it will result in more science-based and better management of watersheds and wildlife habitat," Saul said.
Three Newark firefighters and two civilians were injured this evening in a motor vehicle crash involving a fire truck, authorities said.
The numbers do not include information from Medco Health Solutions Inc., another pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts acquired in a $29.1 billion deal that closed earlier this month.
* EVENING UPDATE: The official scorer has changed an error on Rickie Weeks to a hit by the Cardinals, so add one to the numbers mentioned in this live blog.
The neighborhood, Pemberton added, doesn’t need another school. "This is an economically depressed community, significantly, because of the loss of the hospital."
SECAUCUS — One of the jurors who voted this week to convict former Secaucus Mayor Dennis Elwell of bribery says he is upset over delivering a verdict he didn’t believe in, one he now hopes will be overturned on appeal.
Are the Kings still Evans' team?
"The United States needs a stronger ally in the region who will be able to take on a bigger share of guaranteeing the stability of that region. It's therefore in the strategic interest of the U.S. to invest in the development of the Philippines' defense and military capability," del Rosario said.
With so many products, so many different styles of traveling, and wildly varying ideas of what's affordable and useful, what do you give the traveler on your holiday gift list?
2nd team: Elise Mooney, Fort Collins. 1:08.80.
Daniel Winnik-Andrew Desjardins-Tommy Wingels
1/4 cup lemon juice
"We love the country and love the name," says the Aussie actor, calling from England while doing press for his next summer blockbuster, "Snow White & the Huntsman." This is the first child for the couple who wed in December 2010.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Van Vincent said Friday's verdict shows that the jury found that sex trafficking did occur. He added that the government will continue to prosecute these kinds of cases.
"Why didn't you seize the moment when we pretty much gift-wrapped a pretty good lead for you?" Keith asked, describing the experience to a reporter. "It was just astonishing. You'd think they'd take it a little more seriously to curtail the crime downtown."
At night, residents spread blankets under the stars, hoping for the relief that would ride in on every breeze. Tourists would do the same, taking advantage of the sleeping porches offered by a handful of hotels downtown. But in the end, summer always won, until it was tamed years later by evaporative coolers and beaten into submission by air-conditioning.
The tea leaves say Vincent Jackson is the Bears' man. But Vincent Jackson also may be the man for about a half dozen other teams. The Chargers have not ruled out re-signing him, either. The Bears have to have a Plan B in the event they can't land him though. Marques Colston may be that player. I like Colston a lot. Colston will be cheaper to sign than Jackson, and in some ways he is more attractive. Colston has outstanding hands. He is a clutch player who makes big catches when the Saints need them most, like on third downs and in the red zone. Colston is tough and physical and enhances his team's character. He is a great locker room guy, not a diva. Drew Brees loves him. Some teams will be cautious about Colston because he will be 29-years old soon and he has some wear and tear on his body. Younger always is better in the NFL. Some personnel men wonder if Colston would be as productive in another environment, however. He undoubtedly has benefited from playing in a domed stadium, in a spectacular offensive system, and with Brees. What's more, Colston has been in the same system his whole career. It is not unreasonable to suspect he would not be as productive in, say Chicago, as he was in New Orleans. But it would be unreasonable to suggest he could not improve the Bears offense significantly.
10 sprigs thyme
Lagoon Drive, 12:22 p.m.: A gray 2000 Honda Odyssey minivan was stolen.
Only 58.6 percent of Latino and 58.2 percent of black students scored proficient or better, compared with 83.6 percent of white students.
More interesting and perhaps revealing about the brewery is the inspiration behind Waldo's Special Ale. Click here for a history lesson that will explain the name as well as why it will be tapped on April 20 at 4:20 p.m. at the bars listed below (at least the ones with a sense of humor).
BOSTON -- Transit officials say a 3-foot-long boa constrictor that slithered away from its owner on a Boston subway car a month ago has been found in an adjoining car.
Strengths: It doesn't get much better than Justin Verlander (24-5, 2.40 ERA), closer Jose Valverde (2-4, 2.24, 49 saves), Miguel Cabrera (.344, 30 HR, 111 RBI) and newcomer Prince Fielder (.299, 38, 120). Verlander was the Cy Young and MVP in 2011. Valverde went 49-for-49 in save situations. Cabrera and Fielder slugged .586 and .566, respectively.
Just as important, Cavanaugh said, Seumalo is humble, level-headed, and mature beyond his years.
"Every week we (played against) a marquee tight end, and I don't know that anybody ever really saw it as a problem for us early in the season," Schwartz said. "One of those reasons was Lou Delmas was healthy. When we went later in the season, we weren't able to respond as well.
Shift work is harder for single people than for those who are married, according to a 2004 study by the department of industrial and organizational psychology department at Xavier University in Cincinnati.
When she expressed her interest to Nemeyer, he knew exactly how she might be able to help out.
- Staff writer Rob Vardon contributed to this report
He doesn’t eat fast food “at all,” but confesses to two guilty pleasures.
But the civil union legislation took years to pass and was not without controversy, so Thursday evening we’ll have a discussion on our Chicago Live! stage about the issues surrounding the new law. Rick Garcia, a longtime advocate for LGBT rights and founder of the Illinois Federation of Human Rights, and Rev. Bonnie Perry, rector of All Saints Episcopal Church in the Ravenswood neighborhood, will talk with Tribune reporter Manya Brachear – and they’ll stick around after the show to meet and talk with our audience.
Debbie has the rest of the 7,600-square-foot house for her own amusements, which include a TV lounge, kitchen and craft room. It's all situated on the shores of American Lake in Lakewood, Wash.
"The risk appears to be there, but the benefit is there, too, and there is no particular group of patients where Pradaxa is too dangerous," Uchino said.
Why not get paid for it?
In the end, the Americans achieved both. Jim Whittaker summited via the South Col on May 1. Hornbein and Unsoeld climbed the West Ridge on May 22.
"My plans are to stay right here," she said. "I'm trying to be optimistic because I'd like to see something else come in. But we'll see."
"It came in the mail as a letter and when they opened the letter it was baking soda." said John Brown, spokesman for the Newark Fire Department.
“Staffed” means one in which crews of two emergency medical technicians are already on-duty and able to respond. Not all providers of emergency medical services in Hunterdon maintain crews in quarters at all times, Setnicky noted.
While studying 20 people with traumatic injury to the right parietal lobe, the area of the brain a few inches above the right ear, Johnstone asked a series of spiritual-related questions such as how close they felt to a higher power and if they felt their lives were part of a divine plan. The participants with more significant injury showed an increased feeling of closeness to a higher power.
furthur, ye olde magic zombies,
Everyone in the sector was inspired by Walt Disney’s purchase of New York-based mom blog site, Babble Media, last year for an estimated $40 million to $45 million.
Elin grabbed her purse, which contained her wedding photograph, and left her room, wearing only a nightgown.
"Greg Suhr started out as a beat patrol cop," Lee said. "He's someone who has risen up from the ranks to station captain to head of field operations. He recognizes the need to continue with the reforms that will bring the department into the 21st century."
The Moonlight Run was Hudson's second win of the summer. In mid-June, she won the women's division of the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure for the third year in a row.
Ian Calderon touts his youth, billing himself as a political outsider from the Millennial Generation. His campaign literature notes the average age ofU.S. militarycasualties in the Middle East: 25.
Under the program, undocumented immigrants from central and southern states in Mexico apprehended by the Border Patrol are given the opportunity to fly on a chartered flight from Tucson to Mexico City, where they are given bus tickets to return to their hometowns.
In one of the school’s English classes Friday, six students gathered around two long tables to discuss W.W. Jacobs’ classic short horror story "The Monkey’s Paw." Tattoo-covered teacher Justin DeVoe played heavy metal music in the background as he challenged the students to compete with one another to make the most observations about the story.
Clearly, Harris listened.
Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said the church approached Cuba with "realism and humility" and recognized that the route to change would be "a long road, a difficult road." Lombardi described the meeting between Raul Castro and Benedict as "cordial."
"When their child is in a classroom with 30 children, or they don’t have any activities to do after school, more people are paying attention," Sherman said.
But Utah's offense showed up for the first time in the series, rallying for three runs to tie the game and coming a base hit away from taking the lead.
Perdue Farms of Salisbury exports frozen chicken legs to South Korea at a 20 percent tariff. W.R. Grace & Co. of Columbia pays Korean duties of 5.5 percent to 6.5 percent on chemicals. Becton Dickinson & Co. of Sparks pays 10 percent duties on the medical instruments it exports to Korea. All of those tariffs would be eliminated by the new deal. Ellicott Dredges, a 136-year-old Baltimore company, has been supplying its products to Korea since the 1960s. It pays a 5 percent tariff on its exports to Korea, but its chief competitor in Europe does not.
1973: "A little bit older. A little bit bigger. Still got the straight hair," O'Connor says of Horner.
To reach these Plain Dealer reporters: skoff@plaind.com, 216-999-4212 hgomez@plaind.com, 216-999-5405
The competition is intended to recognize an outstanding example of a public open space that has enriched and revitalized its surrounding community.
Mubarak, meanwhile, said he objects to officials forcing the camp to define itself by the city’s terms and acquire a campground permit.
It's not clear when the state court will reach a decision. Shaffner declined to comment, citing pending litigation.
Testing, testing: Tribe right-fielder Shin-Soo Choo, who is day to day because of a strained left hamstring, performed agility drills in the outfield before batting practice Friday.
SEASIDE PARK — A seal that had come ashore on Island Beach State Park this afternoon might have tired of the attention by police and fire officials and slipped back into the waters off Seaside Park before wildlife experts could determine what might have led the mammal onto land.
On other key issues, FitzGerald maintains a wait-and-see attitude.
AstraZeneca PLC Chief Executive David Brennan said he will retire from the U.K. drug maker in June, an abrupt departure for the 58-year-old executive amid rising investor anxiety over the company's performance.
“We have been trying to get our local units to use Alloway Township’s Camp Roosevelt more often in the summer,” he said.
Then the plane took off again, headed back for Thanksgiving. But the six aboard never made it home to Safford.
Cooper's penalty kick was stopped by D.C. United goalkeeper Bill Hamid, but the sideline referee ruled that Hamid had stepped closer to the ball before Cooper's kick, a violation, resulting in another penalty kick by Cooper. Hamid stopped Cooper's penalty kick again, but was again cited for taking steps toward the ball, giving the Timbers a third penalty kick.
Vikes unhappy after loss
Its clear that Republicans are willing to let most Americans suffer continued unemployment and economic distress so that they can argue that Mr. Obama has failed. They are more than willing to let the middle class and the poor endure continued suffering. Big business and the most well-off Americans will be asked only to endure continued tax cuts.
“Transformers: Dark of the Moon”
Overall, there was more to compare than contrast.
Jackson talked at the end of the season about having more involvement in 2012, but instead he will have none.
Macpherson, 61, told The Oregonian in January that he was considering running for the position and felt his statehouse experience could be a benefit to the city.
3. Here's my takeaway, again: considering where the Blues franchise had been in the previous six seasons -- mostly nowhere -- and considering the relative inexperience of this group in postseason hockey, there's no reason in the world for this team to apologize for a 109-point season that also featured the first postseason triumph in 10 years. A minority of fans is sniping about how this is another example of "The Same Old Blues" and I guess I'm struggling to understand that. I'm sorry, but have Hitchcock and Armstrong been running the show here since 1967, or even 2007? NO. Was this core nucleus of talent responsible for the Blues' postseason failures of the past? NO. So why are we holding this bunch responsible and accountable for what happened in the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and the Aughts? Makes absolutely no sense. Again, I don't blame anyone for being hacked off, but at least try and channel the anger properly.
Also, an Israeli attack on Iran would likely trigger punishing retaliation from Iran itself and its proxies on Israel's borders — Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza — both armed with thousands of rockets.
Don Kirshner
Residents have many recreational options, including youth softball, baseball, soccer and volleyball, as well as sports for adults. Many youngsters are involved in 4-H and Future Farmers of America at Galt High School. The Gora Aquatic Center offers swimming programs, a swim team and other water activities. Proximity to water is a key attraction, Lucero said. The Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta region is close by, and several lakes <U+0097> Camanche, Amador, Folsom and others <U+0097> are within a 30-minute drive. Galt is in the middle of the Cosumnes River Preserve, one of the largest wildlife preserves on the American Flyway, and is the winter home for migratory birds from as far away as Alaska and Canada. In recognition of this, the city <U+0097> in collaboration with the Cosumnes River Preserve and Galt Joint Union Elementary School District <U+0097> sponsors the annual Winter Bird Festival every January. The event attracts more than 800 bird lovers and photographers from around the United States and the world.
Yes, things are looking much better to Smith, who ranks sixth in the nation in batting average (.463), best in the Pac-12, and takes a four-game hit streak into this weekend’s home series against Washington. Smith has more than doubled his average and slugging percentage (.597) from last season, and his on-base percentage (.538) also leads the Pac-12 and ranks 12th nationally.
Last year, 70 sea otters bearing the telltale signs of shark attacks washed ashore between San Mateo County and Santa Barbara.
The Obamas have not rebooked the Plantation Estate (http://www.paradisepointestates.com), Weinberg said. Would he like to have them again as tenants? Oh, yes. "I'd like to rent to anyone who'd pay the rent, including them."
"I think it is great that they are trying to encourage healthy eating," Lucas said. "But at the same time, you kind of need to leave that responsibility up to the child. They are trying to micro-manage what we eat."
His 2010 review revealed just how successful he had been.
Director Kate Fishman, known locally as both actress and director, was also unaware of Daniels’ plays, but when she read the script, she saw the play’s potential.
Businesses around the Amway Center, including some restaurants along Church Street that timed their openings with the arena's construction, have struggled. But some see The Club at NBA City as a good thing rather than competition.
He felt a connection the moment he watched video of Winter, who lost her mother and her tail after being caught in a crab trap line on Florida's east coast in 2005. She was brought to the Clearwater Marine Aquarium for rehabilitation and ultimately to be fitted with the prosthetic tail.
We cordially invite you to stop by and view the beautiful homes and unmatched amenities of The 88: an outdoor heated lap pool and spa, a state-of-the art fitness facility, an entertaining area, a gourmet catering kitchen and media room, covered and secure parking, a 24-hour door person and the only concierge voted best in Silicon Valley.
"Somebody has to stay back and be responsible," he said.
Rescue co-ordinator Captain Nurur Rahman said four merchant ships were diverted to the scene by Australian authorities to help with the rescue.
From 10 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., the Filoli House will be closed in preparation for the Flower Show. The garden-only fee will be $7 for adults (free for children).
The electrolytes in question are mainly sodium and potassium, and kids, she says, get plenty of them through food: potatoes, bananas and fortified cereals, for example.
"I think it hurts, no matter how much you lose by," McGraw said. "But I think the feeling last year was a little different — I think more of we kind of let it slip away a little bit. But this game got out of hand. So, I think there's some frustration that everybody didn't play as well as they wanted to."
Barbara's Bookstore in the heart of the University of Illinois at Chicago is easily identifiable by the window drawings of authors and their quotes about reading. It caters to UIC students with comfy couches, tables and a big bargain section. Barbara's is an independent chain with six Chicago-area locations, plus six in O'Hare International Airport and one in Boston. It has the heart of an indie store but the capabilities of a chain; employees can find a book at another store for patrons to purchase the same day, for example.
So this is great. Marshall once caught 21 passes in a single game. The offensive air attack is ready to light up the sky. The Bears rule!
But the Supreme Court, in a unanimous decision, said the question should have been allowed, not to show that Lewis might have committed the crime, but to question his credibility.
Ben Crane, a graduate of Beaverton High School and the University of Oregon, ranks 83rd with 526 points list going into the Wyndham. Crane moved up four spots with his tie for 37th at the PGA Championship.
The others don't do as well:
Finally, there was my daughter, Betsy, 27, a New York advertising executive, and me, a 63-year-old flatlander who lives at zero-feet above sea level on the Florida Gulf Coast. Betsy had cashed in all of her two weeks' vacation for this trip and despite the fact that she had to put up with my snoring, it soon became apparent that she was having a blast matching the boys step-for-boisterous-step up and down the mountain trails, then kicking back and sipping wine with the adults like the woman of the world she was fast becoming. I had trained for four months slogging up and down the highest "hill" on the island where I live, a Calusa Indian burial mound with an elevation of 20 feet, while carrying a pack filled with coconuts, croquet balls and power bars. I wished I had trained harder.
Samson Kafovalu, 6-3, 250, Fr.
Maybe you knew that Sharp Park Golf Course is one of only two public seaside courses designed by Alister MacKenzie, but did you know that the hacienda type clubhouse was a Works Progress Administration project? Did you know MacKenzie also designed Augusta National, home of the Masters Tournament? We'd like you to know even more about the history of our local seaside gem.
Like any job, learning how to be a pastor involves a fair amount of on the job training.
But then the title character (the regal Jane Alexander) makes her entrance, late for the party but somehow just on time. And the show takes a hard turn into absurdity.
For Coyle, the experience offers a couple lessons. One, it turns out you can fight City Hall, at least sometimes. And two, make sure you understand your tax bill (which the city is partially redesigning to improve clarity). "From here on out," she says, "I will definitely be paying much closer attention" to the tax bills.
It might also want to discourage other owners from taking the Small Claims Court route because it could not use its legal staff to defend itself in such cases and would have to send non-attorney representatives to many far-flung courts.
He'll answer audience questions after the show.
2/3 cup warm water
It's easy to say that a visit to Sunnylands will leave anyone impressed, as was Britain's Prince Charles.
Cases can take one to three years to investigate, and the appeals process can last 10 years. Doctors usually continue practicing throughout the process.
PEWAUKEE, Wis. — Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum each sought to shore up their standing with religious conservatives Saturday as the two leading rivals for the Republican presidential nomination battled for support in the Wisconsin primary.
Jim Kopel has been a big fan of state fairs since he was 10, when he exhibited his Chester White pigs at the Iowa State Fair in Des Moines. Since retiring from teaching a few years ago, Kopel has visited state fairs in all 50 states, turning his ardor into something more than just happy memories.
Best seat: Any seat at the massive bar if you're on your own. Otherwise, grab a spot on the heated sidewalk patio.
But many times, the feuds are among factions of the same gang. Five factions of the Gangster Disciples, for instance, are battling in Rogers Park, Roussell said.
“They finally got what they have coming to them,” Williams said. “They’re supposed to protect us, not harm us."
About half of the finalists will win a National Merit Scholarship. <U+0080>¨
Smith said about 40 fans from the Facebrook group Alfie's Angels are expected in Kansas City for the weekend events. And she said more than 100 people apparently are traveling here from Britain.
Nobody gathers around the water cooler to talk about an afternoon NCAA Tournament basketball game these days. Everyone is watching it on his laptop. West Coast NBA and NHL games could be played anywhere. They lack the scenic backdrop of the West Coast swing, which has all the guilty allure of those distant World Series games.
His exuberant <U+0093>t<U+0094> sounds like a snapping twig.
By contrast, Haren was much more low-maintenance. He got through his first six innings with just 85 pitches, allowing only four baserunners in that time.
Michael has been criticized for taking photos of women entering the Granite City clinic and posting their photos on a website.
But Gertrude remained in France until her death in 1946, continuing to build her part of the art collection and, with it, one of the most glittering intellectual salons Paris has ever known.
(DIY) Cool Tools: Landscape Special -- Tools for the landscape include powerful chainsaws, biodegradable lawn bags and an eco-blower.
Democrats also circulated this counter ad from the liberal blog ThinkProgress, which uses the Romney campaign's logic against their candidate. It is a series of short, out-of-context remarks from Romney, like: "Let us just raise your taxes some more," and, "There's nothing unique about the United States."
Gottfried called a timeout to talk to his troops, and it apparently worked.
"Minimum training standards are important. A person who cuts hair and does nails has to meet minimum requirements and hours. Shouldn't 911?" said Paul Logan, who trains operators and dispatchers and is president of the Wisconsin chapter of the Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials.
It features common spaces with tan and light brown hues and floor-to-ceiling windows. It provides not only professional care, but also peer counseling from mentors who have a history of mental illness or had a mentally ill family member.
Also order: The baked barbecue pork bun ($2.50/3) is sweet, sticky and soft, but desperately needed more of the filling to balance out the sweetness of the bun. The wrappers on crisp spring rolls ($2.50/3) hold up well against the mushroom and cabbage filling. Other interesting choices range from the steamed beef tripe with ginger and scallion to shark's fin soup.
In the last 12 years, 37 of the 48 Division I state football semifinalists were among the largest 64 schools. The 11 remaining semifinalists from smaller Division I schools included four appearances by Massillon, two by Glenville and one each by Massillon Perry and North Canton Hoover.
"We believe that many original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) will shift focus from Android devices to Windows 8 tablets but that Samsung and a variety of low-priced white label tablets will stay the course and find a role in serving primarily growth markets with budget devices," Gillette wrote.
A 2010 hunger study showed that, of pantries that get food from it, the food bank accounted for 75 percent of what they distributed, up from 50 percent in 2006.
Brandon Langan, Sheldon .680
HIT: Joe Blanton pitching his first complete game shutout in a Phillies uniform on Thursday, allowing only three hits in the 4-0 victory over the Atlanta Braves.
It would be far too easy to close the Division of Juvenile Justice and send California's most troubled and difficult young offenders to counties — and to forget them. The faith-without-follow-up process is what helped undermine the once groundbreaking California Youth Authority. It must not be repeated. Before the state can get completely out of the juvenile justice business, it must ensure that counties will have the training, the facilities, the programming expertise — and the oversight — they will need to do the job.
The debit cards are part of a pilot program that could be expanded if it were successful. For now, only people who get invitation letters are allowed to participate. The Treasury is launching a companion program to encourage the nation's 1.7 million payroll-card users, who collect pay from their employers via debit card, to use the same cards to collect tax refunds.
Minh Tran was shot in the heart, liver and shoulder, and died from a loss of blood. His brother was shot in the stomach and his cousin was hit in the buttocks, but both recovered.
Old tie (a wide one works best)
And the man that new president will replace says the search should turn up some top-notch candidates.
A Newark landmark. The blue — and white — collar gathering place downtown. Cops, firemen, city officials and workers, they’re all here. Irish/workingman’s bar where you can get a good Guinness pour. Jukebox with contemporary and classic rock. Play the Stones’ "Can’t You Hear Me Knocking" and rock on out.
Both men have reputations for being inflation hawks. They are more focused on the threat of inflation than on efforts to stimulate growth.
Q: You're playing six clubs in six nights. Why not just do Shoreline and get it over with?
The owners are Jeanine and Ryan Little of Reisterstown. This is a counter operation, with some seating inside and outside on the porch.
If all this equipment sounds like a 21st Century torture chamber, well, that's the point. Plum Brook Station, operated by Cleveland's NASA Glenn Research Center, is a proving ground for spacecraft. It's where prototype space capsules, satellites, landing vehicles and rocket components can be exposed to the harsh condition they'll encounter aloft, from searing heat and sub-zero cold to the absence of air pressure.
"That gave me a wake-up call, seeing my sister like that," she said. "I have a 1-year-old baby, and I don't want her to find me like that."
"He had numbness in his hand, so it wasn't a hard decision," Frazier told Fox television reporter Pam Oliver before kickoff.
Quality of service: Servers happily provide detailed information about dishes.
Giannone, who was an only child, also played junior varsity baseball last year and was looking forward to making the varsity this year, friends say.
vote in parliament.
RP Trever Miller
"A lot of this is common sense," Aleguas said. "Kids are low to the floor. If there are any mercury vapors, that is where they would be. That's why the EPA tells you to get the kids out of the room."
"I will not apologize for the joke, but I will apologize to my friend and colleague who apparently considered it more than a joke."
A number of factors are responsible for districts' disproportionate termination warnings, officials say.
"I just didn't have it, plain and simple," Saunders said. "Six words. I didn't have it."
"You are probably better off going with a month-to-month rate," said James Halloran, principal of Russell Energy Advisors at Financial America Securities in Cleveland.
I have run out of space. Every wall and hall in my home is filled. Every nook, corner and cranny is occupied. There's nowhere else to go unless I build an addition or finish-off the attic.
Dealers might "dominate certain countries"? Has Obama never heard of Mexico, that country on our southern border where drug dealers operate as a virtual shadow government in some areas? Is he unfamiliar with Colombia -- his host nation -- where, for years, the government battled a drug cartel brutal and brazen enough to attack the Supreme Court and assassinate the attorney general? That scenario Obama warns against actually came to pass a long time ago.
Whatever its origin, the grove is a startling sight as you traipse through the Kofa Mountains, a remote range of volcanic debris, jagged spires and sheer cliffs. The wildlife refuge surrounding the mountains was established in 1939, in part to preserve the desert bighorn sheep. Today, nearly 1,000 bighorns make their home within the sprawling, 665,400-acre refuge.
Markups are fair for the exacting inventory and the quality of wine. Because the food has heavy Italian overtones, it makes sense that the wine list concentrates on Italy and Napa.
Harford settled previously
IN THE REGION
"We were told absolutely no changes operationally or system wide. We keep all employees, all salaries. No changes whatsoever based on ownership change - absolutely zero.''
The two inmates were at large for nearly a month before they were caught, Espinosa in an apartment less than a mile from the jail and Blunt in a hotel in Mexico City.
Vernon Sykes
PATERSON — Firefighters have returned to douse hot spots this morning after a 3-alarm fire gutted a commercial building in Paterson today.
The upshot is that anyone of means in Paraguay must have their own security brigade to protect themselves, which invariably costs more than unemployment insurance premiums.
Another good decision I made was to be born in the St. Louis area. Well, I guess that was luck, too. So I grew up as a Cardinals fan. Getting back to Bill, he was not so lucky. He grew up in Chicago. This unfortunate fate led him to a bad decision that he didn't even realize he was making. As a young boy, he became a Cubs fan. Oh, how painful! I have forgiven him; he didn't know any better at that age.
The fight, which took place about 11:45 p.m. near the intersection of North Shields Street and Laporte Avenue, involved 10 CSU students and one non-student. Six of the students involved in the altercation were football players. Four men were injured, including two who suffered serious injuries.
MIAMI -- Florida International forward Dominique Ferguson, a former Lawrence North High School player, announced Tuesday that he was entering the NBA draft, saying he's unhappy about the firing of Isiah Thomas and unable to get permission to talk to other schools.
One of Mesa's biggest losses in the Legislature this year was the failure of a bill to fund Cactus League stadiums and, most specifically, help the city's efforts to keep the Chicago Cubs from moving their training operations to Florida.
Both Synthes, a global company that specializes in surgical hardware, and Norian Corp., a subsidiary based in West Chester, pleaded guilty to corporate health care fraud charges last year and agreed to pay the maximum $23 million in fines.
Thank you, Peyton.
DETROIT - As attention turned to the teams the Blackhawks might face in the first round of the playoffs, a more pressing question developed.
15. Philadelphia Eagles: Mark Barron, S, Alabama
As Plain Dealer reporter Olivera Perkins reported this week, Cleveland's recovery ranks 10th among 50 U.S. metro areas and 49th among 150 cities worldwide, says the report.
Gentile said the School Board's $25.4 million budget reserve is sufficient to allow at least some pay increase for employees. But Karns said the board may have to dip into those reserves to cover budget shortfalls.
"I love the smell of cooked cabbage in the morning."
A federal judge told Cannon that, no matter how much he and Democratic U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown like the gerrymandering status quo, they have no legal right to overrule the public.
-- It's always a battle for low-income families to make ends meet and the struggle is especially difficult at this time of year. The Greater Newark Holiday Fund is lending a hand but it depends on help from readers throughout the area.
Baskerville was arrested Nov. 25, 2003, and federal prosecutors contend Bergrin ordered McCray's killing to eliminate the key witness against Baskerville — his client — and to conceal his own role in a violent drug gang in Newark and Irvington.
Viewing: 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. on March 7 and 8; and 9 to 11 a.m. on March 9, at Fuiten, Rose and Hoyt Funeral Home in Forest Grove.
April was only the second time in the last 10 years during which there were three fewer selling days compared to the same month a year earlier, according to GM.
"How are the mighty fallen," said Chris Bryant, a British legislator who is among the dozens of phone hacking victims who have won financial settlements from the Murdoch empire. "Two years ago the Murdochs were courted by all and sundry, and now James Murdoch is running away with his tail between his legs."
"I have to question an officer's commitment to serve and protect his community who would refuse to do it," Isom said.
"We also had a huddle, and we could get some discussion."
His lawyer, Paul Loney, told U.S. Magistrate Judge Dennis J. Hubel that his client had no history of domestic violence, made every court-ordered restitution payment to the victims of his arsons, and remained employed until recently, when a workforce reduction put him out of his restaurant job.
Winner: Miley, 3–0. Loser: Jo.Johnson, 0–3. Inherited runners–scored_Ziegler 2–1, M.Dunn 1–1. IBB_off Jo.Johnson (A.Hill), off M.Dunn (J.Upton). Umpires_Home, Jim Joyce; First, Jim Reynolds; Second, Mike Estabrook; Third, James Hoye. T_3:14.
Sunrise Mountain scored twice in the second with Nowlin's RBI double and Annie Jordan's RBI single. And twice more in the third with RBIs from Melissa Sechrest and McKenzie St.Clair. Sunrise Mountain pulled away after a four-run fifth.
According to the correspondence, Betley stated the freeholder board must appropriate the money.
It's not only the oldest building in town (and a genuine adobe that requires careful maintenance), but it's also billed as the oldest continuously occupied public building in the United States. Inside, you can browse historical exhibits. Just behind the palace stands the New Mexico History Museum, which opened last year.
It was inside this home that police say a 13-year-old girl was raped Oct. 17, after being yanked into the unsecured building and thrown into the dusty basement. A 48-year-old man was charged last month in the attack.
Revelers young and old enjoyed fanciful diversions from the museum's educational department. A few of the highlights included a photo booth for silly shots to take home and craft stations to create your own Christmas tree ornaments. Edible treats also satiated the kids' palates with chicken fingers and baked mac 'n' cheese, while adults noshed on more sophisticated delicacies including caviar on toast and smoked salmon deviled eggs.
More than 2,500 miles away from ground zero, where the twin towers of the World Trade Center collapsed, Portlanders gathered Thursday at the Historic Belmont Firehouse to remember those killed in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
He said the 325-acre park in Elverta was in terrible condition when he started April 1 of last year. He said the county had done little or nothing to keep it maintained while it was closed.
Just before midnight, an announcement came over the speakers that police were entering the building. Patrons stopped the sex acts and swarmed the door, the report says.
" 'It's a set of scales: one side is mine, the other is hers.'
The younger Avila recalled this story Thursday as he spoke about Rodriguez, who announced his retirement from baseball after a 21-year career, five with the Tigers.
“I think this will be a lot of fun,” she said. “This is something not many high school players get to do. I’m looking forward to watching and playing against some of the teams from all over the country.”
“The people on the southern end of the county are very interested in education (funding) and the Kingsway Regional School District, and making sure they get the relief they deserve and need,” Fey said.
The Monarchs, the top affiliate of the Los Angeles Kings, seemed to gain momentum Friday night in Game 1's third period, when they scored two goals in a 3-2 loss.
Freshman Mac Fleet (mile) and senior Nicole Blood (5,000) are No. 2. Keshia Baker (400), Elijah Greer (800), Jamesha Youngblood (long jump) and the women’s 4x400 relay rank third.
"Years ago, no one would have bought a late Monet," says Renée Vara, an art adviser and collection manager with Vara Fine Arts in New York, referring to the artist's later works, when he began to lose his sense of sight. "Those were considered bad. Now, I like them because they're abstract. People's aesthetics can change."
“I’m neither here nor there on it. I think there’s other issues in our game that we need to look at much more closely than that.”
According to District of Columbia police, the purse contained Anna Bernanke's Social Security card, checkbook, credit cards and IDs. It has not been revealed how much money was stolen from the couple.
When Apple launched its tablet computer two years ago, publishers saw two ways to balance Amazon's power: Enough readers would prefer Apple's shiny tablet over the Kindle to cut into Amazon's sales and the agency model would stabilize prices.
(Asked about this in a phone conversation, a Bravo spokeswoman said: “We only tape what the chefs give us. We put them in a situation and they react. We never make someone into something they're not. We can't create stuff out of thin air. Sometimes when people see themselves on camera, they can be surprised by themselves.”)
She followed with a homer of her own in the first off freshman Amanda Zeni. Deirdre Munday added a sacrifice fly to make it 4-0 in favor of TMLA (5-5). Molloy's Fallon McCarthy’s three-run triple cut the lead to 4-3. The Hilltoppers responded with two more runs in the second thanks to a Sam Rossi sac fly and a Minihane single that extended to the lead to 6-3. Molloy (7-2) got a run on a Theresa Conway homer in the bottom of the frame.
Reports of the <U+0093>majority<U+0094> opinion in such cases are really shorthand for a split decision. This is not accurate in this case. But due to the language of the reporting, a reader might easily infer that the decision was a close split, instead of being unanimous in favor of the former Attorney General.
But focusing on specific technologies used in repression is a novel approach, said Philip N. Howard, director of the Project on Information Technology and Political Islam at the University of Washington.
In an interview this afternoon, Castiglione, an associate physics professor, said many instructors now think Farahi has “zero legitimacy.”
Giannetti, who served one term as a senator, said he had once hoped to make a mentor out of Currie, and offered to help introduce the liquor license amendment if needed. He also countered earlier testimony that suggested Currie kept his consultant relationship with Shoppers' quiet. Currie never reported the contract on legislative ethics forms, as required, his lawyers acknowledge.
He threw a variety of pitches for strikes, no matter what the count, as he held the Indians to one run on four hits in eight innings.
Other schools considered: "I think at the end I had it down to Maryland, Stanford and West Virginia."
In 1971, the intercity passenger rail service Amtrak went into operation.
Retired Brig. Gen. Fred Flo, 92, and his wife, Lucile, 91, a retired schoolteacher, have definite ideas about marriage, and they should know: They celebrated their 70th wedding anniversary Saturday at San Clemente Villas, the senior assisted-living home where they live.
The search began after police were called to the scene of a massive house fire on April 22. They found the bodies of Lynnette Keller, 41, Keller’s wife of 21 years, and their daughter Kaylene, a student at a local community college. Both had been shot in the head, as had the family dog and cat, before the house was torched with a large container of gasoline set alight on the kitchen stove.
Kudos to Sande Riesett for his wonderful and compelling ad campaign against animal cruelty ("Baltimore athletes show their 'soft side,'" Sept. 26). It is not cool to be cruel, and the athletes that volunteered, along with their animals, to reach out to the community will get that message across to misguided kids and adults.
"This test is not related to the high risk of exposure the dog had during close contact with a confirmed rabid skunk the week of April 23 – 26, as reported by its owner. According to the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services (DHSS), the dog would not have tested positive from its encounter with the rabid skunk for a period of four weeks (on average) or for as long as six months.
As the economy improves, however, workers who have delayed retirement will begin to drop out of the work force at the same time as those workers just reaching retirement age, explains Tom Maher, president of Manpower of Dayton Inc., the local franchise of international placement company Manpower Inc.
Most of all, as you toe the dietary straight-and-narrow, remember to lighten up about it, says Shaffer.
The short story on the JCMC went on to say "Every employee and candidate signs a Values Commitment contract, agreeing to abide by the organization's mission and values. To further these values, CEO Joseph Scott communicates with all staff weekly via his 'letter from the CEO,' emailed to all employees and board members on Friday afternoons. Employees can also submit ideas to an electronic CEO suggestion box, which has resulted in several concrete changes since its inception."
"While the government has decided that this ‘public use file' should no longer be public, our organizations believe that it continues to be a critical resource," said Charles Ornstein, president of the Columbia, Mo., based AHCJ. "I encourage reporters, even those who have never used it before, to look for stories within it now."
"Some cumin would really help this," Morales said.
Within a few weeks, Adams and Breedlove met for lunch at Macaroni Grill in downtown Portland. Both said the lunch likely happened in April 2005.
Parliament had already suspended its work, saying the government was failing to respect its decisions and ministers had repeatedly failed to show up for parliamentary hearings.
A surprising amount of good music was heard in TV musicals in the baby boomer years of the '50s and '60s, he said, from "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" to "Mr. Magoo's Christmas Carol." Rebroadcasts over the years have introduced them to subsequent generations of kids.
The bill faced constant opposition from Republicans, who wanted market-based reforms and an overhaul of federal medical malpractice liability laws. But the bill had its share of Democratic critics, too, a result of compromise that liberals saw as weakening the product.
Smog, it turns out, can have devastating effects not just on lungs but on hearts, brains and fetal development.
Dreams from My Father's Advisers
Good Morning Benjamin [$(100)$] it's about that time, wake all ya buddies up, we gettin back to the money
..."I want to leave" *clap *clap "I want to leave" *clap *clap. And so on and so forth for about...all day.
Have you read the pieces? The headlines are provocative but I don't think the articles are unfair.
a place in my mall called Earthbound. :)
": think I'm playin R : ": Deleted his number : :" playin or not i really don care
The event is kicking off.
how did it go this morning
Happy Mom's Day to my mother Kathy! Love ya mom! Thank you, just thank you!
hes an ok singer. Awesome dancerr
i hate when i pinch my finger
cheers man - killer brand you've got there!
rick, what happened to the station?? Not broadcasting??
happy easter to all of my twats!!
Getting hair done by the wonderful people at Can't wait to hit the dance floor tonight.
Got Liquid Relaxation in goodie bag in NYC - High Fructose Corn Syrup? Into Trashcan. Shame - looked interesting.
well I'll keep my season pass, then. Holler, Taught me...some things I know :)
I hear ya! That is outrageous!!! How am I supposed to survive with a pack of Newports costing me $5.49!
I actually want to go to school tomorrow. Excited to hear everyone's prom stories!
I will fill ya in on the details when the time comes. Hopefully makes it up. and tony are comin
Sing loud. Sing like you mean it!
Since when do you stand at work...???
The waiting game is never good, especially in those situations. Hope all goes well!
Headed for the nitelite for birthday now
It's a chamber of commerce day and the balloons are flying at the Intl. Balloon Fiesta in ABQ. No hot air in the Pella Store. Jeff 362-0529.
I have been searching for a women since August...n a nigga still empty handed with a spacious heart *
Doesn't everyone know second hand smoke is dangerous? Selfish people.
Damn it Mr. Dennis, you just lost cool points
Let's just end it tonight boyz
“:doing great! It's been to long since I have seen you. We definitely need to hang when I come back to LA!
were you at the game?
i was kidding ya dumbass.
"A Nightmare on Elm Street" was the first feature film that New Line Cinema ever produced.
Exchanging notes or talking trash? cc:
“: If she say she'll be ready in a hour give her 3.”maybe 4
Friends: quality not quantity. While trying to make the world love you, the most important people are usually brushed to the side.
*waits for if we had Bosh nonsense
Funny. :) And, thanks for the follow.
I'm coolin. Call me so we can set the date so ur people to
Just paid $2.10 of tolls in pennies.
Dear baby Jesus, please keep me and my coworkers safe on the roads today.
whoops, neglected the f
It's weird how my mom and girlfriend text
yu did not take a pic of me asleep
nite - too bad u will miss #chat2lrn tomorrow as will I :-(
throat status- hurty. but with awesome ariel shaped company. happiness is a painting your best friends nails.
Have a great day! :)
Thanks for following !
Wow, almost all of the fans are wearing their Orange & Black colors. They handed them out at the door, retard.
Boston is cold and looks kinda of shady
OH (from a neighbor's yard): "Someone is listening to porn music." ME (in my head): "Queen is porn music?"
Cake cake cake cake
follow me! Im a new street team member, Tasia kester told me about it. (:
I was about to tweet about #NYS politics. But if it isn't about #MarioWilliams no one will care, so why bother?
That's my movie! Lol
Looks like Jonah Hill dealt with his post oscar loss depression by eating Christopher Plummer.
Word To My Muva !
Looking forward to meeting you!
they've been inconsistant all season, I was hopin' you could tell me?! 0:-)
thats all you bro xD P.L.U.R.<3
Wow RT : POR players complaining about Knicks showboating is a joke. DO something about it. Never seen a more hollow team. All talk
Bigger egregious act was letting KOAB talk to Beth as he did, without u putting him in his place. Worse than pic she took.
Heard #TakingBackSunday on Sirius this morning, forgot how much i LOVE. Reminds me of college. <3
Again....beer is really good.
Someone tell me how you gna get sick in May?? Or is that a Jordan move to make the game more dramatic?? I call bullshit on Kobe. Lol
Y facebook when u have my direct connections
hahaha okay :) Where are you from?
saw wordtheatre tonight. Your stories feel like borrowed memories. Truly lovely
someone go to Vituccis tonight and get me some free pizza. then meet me at the library tomorrow with it. deal?
Yes, cuz I prefer to HELP my fellow man, not contribute to the downfall of Western Civilization, which I suspect u r involved in.
Home for The latest spring break in the history of all college spring breaks
My AAR membership was approved, so now need to update our Web site. :)
She blowing me kisssesss
I just looked at my child without him knowing and I smiled-A great feeling
RT What the ??? We can fix this in under an hour. Can we please get the votes up!?!?
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
I think it's his girlfriend that is old enough to be his mom
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you stay up until 3am on skype with
I wish Vincent could have gone to the VMAs... It would have been another dream come true for him. ):
Regardless of crap beer being served, I'm stoked to see tomorrow. Thanks for bringing it to town!
M! Fresh, ripe mango makes me so happy to be alive to taste this magnificent fruit.
Don't you just love how 's mom ignores him when she is watching Lifetime? :D Lol #FizzyFamlyForever :3 <3
Hi TJ! Thx for the follow. How are you?
I told her... That's why when u die...
you look so great! Best profile pic ever!
If you have a prayer request. Please feel free to share it with us on
The NFL will unveil the new Nike uniforms on April 3rd. Hoping for some fun updates and combos for the Browns.
Thank You Anna.
Pretty sure I told to come to Boston!!!! Argh I'm sad now :'(
OH MY GOSH. SUNDAY.....YES SUNDAY I GET TO SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE... <3
Be sure to tweet if you'll be in Boston next week for the ACUTA Fall Seminar! The hashtag is
Feel like a really big hypocrite.
Oh, cool. Please keep me informed!
“: Best Friends are the ones who are there: whenever; wherever; however and most importantly: forever.”
No one can butcher a chicken joke like my daughter.
Unfortunately I didn't get to visit this time. I will try on the next visit. I did see your billboard on the strip though!
Let's go Yankees! 28, here we come!
Droppin new song in a couple of days!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> RT : I like to live dangerously.
*insert facepalm here*
I don't feel good .
I'm pretty but I'm not beautiful I sin but I'm not the devil I'm good but I'm not an angel -Marilyn Monroe
ivory ridge .. Nice
I AM TOO EXCITED. /poops rainbow because I'm too excited
Great coaching session with ! Excited for my audition tomorrow!
Hello love! :)
is one of the best guards I ever coached!!!
Great! I'm sure your kids will LOVE our pizza! Drinks specials and live music starts around 9 but 5-9 is perfect for your fam!
hey what's good
Thanks for the s/o! Have you heard about Legends Week that we are organizing during the first week of the season?
Why do Dems support States fraudulently giving citizens $1 to make them eligible for SNAP, thereby taking money from truly needy?
Goodnight I Love You Till Ma Heart Stops.
That would be very interesting!
Almost 5pm? How did that happen? Not that I'm complaining...
That must have been a grueling half mile hike! I'd check the calorie count settings ;)
#BGC8 who is this girl at the reunion stage? Gia thinks she is just it! wit her electrical socket Rats nest! The audience is beaten ur ass
Ah, so you now insist "cracker" isn't a racial slur again. Flip flop.
I miss you too!!
be sure to give us details so we can #support!
Never in my life did I expect to be rooting against Dainius Zubrus in 2012.
Is it..? Its only 5 thingies wide though :)x
quit tweeting and driving!
Hows #packernation doing this evening? Its raining where I am.
History is key factor in plant disease virulence
I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze magazine!
Really cool event. Artists need to get down with the tech!
Re-Tweet Giveaway! Whoever is the 20th RT of my NEXT message gets a DISCOUNTED #Resonate2012 Registration
My favorite place to read is next to a crackling fire when it's snowing outside.
still on the phone c:
Dinner recipe: Cuban Pork Medallions - Pioneer Press
no one rides the bus in Maine?
PS Kid's injury appears to be no big deal, she just needs PT &to use crutches for a bit,but it took many docs, tests & hrs to determine that
- Yeah...it's kinda like John McCain saying, "I know how to get Bin Laden."
don't let the haters bug ya. They can't take this away from us!
That makes two of us!!
#FF One of my favourites because she has the #GUTS to says what she wants ... follow ... 'The Exes' is back in June! :)
had a blast at the event. Wish you lived closer and could have come!
I was/am too drunk to tell. They didn't suck, I'll tell ya that.
it's cold up north. and where's all the bbq?
My son Issiah is headed to Cali! It cost more for his luggage than the plane ticket. What's up with that?
If goodell was a bad commish, we very well might not be watching this draft
Get pumped.
Cheers to everyone who braved the weather yesterday and came out to the bonfire. We got a little wet but still had a great time!
Looking to add some more business people on Long Island to www.LongIslandConnection.org We can use a web designer on LI to join us.
Yeah probably... lol - RT wow i feel like a tweet too much...
Need copy? www.globalpointpr.com
listening to music off my itunes
you might be right.. I'm playing the odds. Let's see what half time looks like ..
that makes me feel better too lol
Finally saw The Artist tonight - loved the whimsy, loved the fun, loved the sense of awe
Question who uses twitter more males or females?
It must have! My shirt was decidedly void of wiggling and furriness. But again–– great race. Love having you in the 'hood.
well a little mystery is good for all of us.
#SometimesIJustWant 2 wear super mario gloves like # & slap the shit out of someone 4 talking shit about me
Looking for an IT writer. You can contact me at: .
Not recognizing the faces on tabloids (and the mags on same rack) is a great part of getting older. Trash media easier to ignore.
Couldn't agree more. Great job this morning. Good luck w/ everything
Did u c my TWEETS about u Starring in FRESH-OUT a Compton Hood Movie with n Mo Known Talent?
We're looking to put 1,000 Entertainers back to work by 2013'
Never agreed to that statement just so everyone knows....
Mostly cloudy with scattered showers and isolated storms today
the pic is protected.. can't see it infortunately
Oohh Yeah, It's T-shirt Time, Yeeahhh!!!!
everybody has something to shout about just let go before it brings you down - :) great song! Give it a listen!!!
That Thursday night game was fun but what's Football Sunday without a game? Watching AJ Green, he's great but no Megatron
QoTD: "One should examine oneself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others." (Moliere)
This weekend was so good! I want to do the whole thing over again.
Happy V-day to gals & ladies!! Interviewing pick up there new album 'world view'
What you know about that? LOL..I thought you were a way up Northerner, lol
Penguins? Come on Animal Planet
Who knew looking for a prom dress would be so difficult <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thanks for the follow, Sarah!
#HeySouljaBoy when u gone drop another album ?
If someone breaks your heart break their face and go eat some ice cream.
how's the killington snow? Coming there this weekend and it looks very warm.
Mortgage lender financial Tip: Own a home as a hedge against upcoming inflation. Could be as high as 15% in coming years due to govt. debt.
but you can't hahaha
I just couldn't do it with their run defense and those last two stops. You can argue F to be sure!
:) Speaking of "stink eye", are you jousting Wags today?
Can we just skip Thursday and go to Friday this week?
Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference? Let me know and you're in.
its a WHOLE different set of ppl for early morn/late nights on Twitter...than in the Day......
I hope no one pays attention to that pic lol
Interested in our Summer Housing program? Follow our new twitter account
Remember That Jam Baby Grind on me!! By Pretty Ricky! Ooh jes
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on
Smh. And You'll Never Believe Who Im Looking At Right Now . . *Hint* Wendys.
You think LA is going to win 4 of the next 5? I wouldn't count on that
Just finished an intense 24 hour session of non-stop design. With Very proud of our work.
myfriend just called me cuz shes in an argument with another girl over whether "sex on a stick" is a real saying or not. i have cool friends
ha. Just in game shape from bball. Almost 6 feet tall now. Lol
You's a stupid hoe, You's a, You's a stupid hoe.
HAPPPPPYYYY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! your finally 13!!!! Love you soo much from me and
shopping till I drop today in Florence. About to spend way too much money.
Put random letters into their kids names.
How could I forget guy has my name lol
my own group for what?? :o
from now on my goal in life is to use to word "brouhaha" as many times as possible
"The central characteristic of authentic leadership is relinquishing the impulse to dominate others." ~David Cooper
Do u swallow? Message and send pic PR contest
how's it goin dudes?
In honor of #InternationalWomansDay, I wanna thank my mom for always believing in me when I didn't believe in myself.
LOL that's good too!
Hangover shmangover. It's shoulders day!!!
lmao! I know right!
thanks Alan, best read ever on a delayed Bart train--made my morning!
"Sorry, no refunds in cases of 'the vapors' or sudden unconsciousness."
": Normal Person Flirting: "Hey, babe(: what's goin on?" ... Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that."" I'm so using this line!!
#IHateMondays but today is different. We are all inspired by a great vision meeting yesterday. Busted 2.0 in the works baby!!!
at least get a life guard
I'm in straight party mode.
“: been playing around with It's like Yelp and Pinterest had a beautiful baby together.” Thanks!
thanks so much ma
Being a bridesmaid is stressing me out. Not wearing a tutu in public, at bars in San Diego.
um, that it was interesting enough to retweet?
I Would Be The Middle Child If They Were Here.
Live Like You're Dying<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Have you #voted, today? GOP and Democratic primaries happening right now in
FE/J. Kaplan + A. Winslow: (Reading from a ridiculous adaptation of the script from "A Dangerous Method.")
Emotional day
That's it, I'm calling in "stabby" tomorrow.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?
Correctio:n: My bad. That Brandon is ? Beaver not Napoleon. Beaver is a CB rumored committed to U of Washington
Check us out in the OREGONIAN business section 2day!!! Proud 2 be reppin' radical woman owned small biz. Thank u
Check this out.
My weekend was pretty rad. Did you do anything worth telling? I'd like to know. I danced....a shit ton.
thank you very muchh
GOOD LUCK Greeny!
Niall , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
#OnSomeTRrealStuff leadership is a action
I'm great. Just don't like lying sorry mu'fuckaz.
Don't you hate when your so hungry ,you can't wait for the your food to cool. LOL!
I'll have to ask - there are quite a few of them, but I'll find out! W.
I love glee :(
It's our one month anniversary tomorrow! Who wants to give us a present?
Holocaust Remembrance Day <3
First time for everything! I'm looking froward to the rest of my weekend. I plan on Ultimate fighting tonight, then bowling tomorrow! YAH!
oh I see. Well I'll let you know when I can swing by :) I think we're long over due for a sleepover n catching up
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture
Which Academy Award-Winning Actress Is Seeing (Way Too Many) Stars? Sometimes the stars wear clothes, and sometimes the clothes wear star
The best RT : Joshua Ledet killed it tonight!!
#NP Armada Weekly Podcast, Episode 72
Thank you for the RTs & mentions! Have a wonderful weekend!!! =)
I totally care too!! But they're cute and strong:)
Different ???? Good joke girl lmao
“: said ”hey its vegas up here,” smh save your booy one word grenade!!!!!!”no this is too much fun! Lets go!!!
I hear you! Twitter has changed so much, and I haven't been here much lately. Let's take the old Twitter back!
One more week to show we value the #environment over greed. #StopSDGEPowerlink Monday March 7!
Throw a Holiday Fabulous Party With Jeannie Mai It 's time to ring in the holidays —fabulously, of course! How Do I Look 's Jeannie Mai
oh, just asking because i saw your port and I though you had been in the game for a while.
Fact: from 1990 - 2010, the annualized return of the S&P 500 was 9.1% while the average active mutual fund returned 3.83%. Fess rob wealth.
i retweet to show my shame
Haha glad I could help lol how are you by the way ? I miss my daily hello kitty pics too Lmao
Just now going to sleep!
Play some damn defense dallas
I'm forever cursed with the knowledge that I would've made a spectacular Ziegfeld girl had I just lived 100 years ago.
yeah they the worst !!!!!! we should make a hit list!!!
It's probably because of your affinity for crabs. RT I feel the most inspired when I'm near the ocean. I love the beach!
Tacoma smells like bacon
#Rachel Crow has my vote already...don't even want to hear the others...so I'm watching CNN and live coverage of the Troy Davis and the cops
Yea it's like 30 minutes from Tampa I went out there a few weeks ago
If I see a mess I will go crazy lol
I meeseeeeeee jew
I'm only saying what all the ladies were already thinking! Right? Don't you think they'll have sandwiches on the menu? :)
Staff photogs are debating and brainstorming how to photograph the solar eclipse on Sunday.
RT : We've isolated the Rio Grande outage down to 1360 cust w/out power. Crews working to repair downed line near Luke/Rio Grande.
ok i will c
Good morning everyone. Hope you all have a great day!
I am going to watch as long as I can tonight and catch the rest later. Thank goodness for TiVo.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!<3
either way we're good. What/where are you drinking?
Okay, that was just bad. Playing "Take me out to the ballgame" while killing zombies with a bat. #CHEESE! (and not in a good way).
Today invites you to share your story from the Green Chair from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m. at their offices.
I'm going to tea bag Johan Santana. And he's going to like it.
Anyone want to join for some wine and pro/con list making tonight?
Projected Starting Line up
1/2" cubes are the standard.
lololol that was easy!
"DEDICATION" can be found on any 5th graders spelling test, but can be difficult for even adults to put into practice.
LMFAO. ~DEAD. I can't rn.
Those are some dope ass crocs! - says no one EVER
I'm Tee_Money.... Solute me, or shoot me..... Make yo next move yo best.....
Thanks everyone for all the great feedback on episode 13, our Desire reflections. Can't wait to record part 2!
Not sure what I think about the mixed Kits
better yet they could have brought him up when they sent Tim Wood down since Badenhop replaced Volstad.What Gives?
haha okay well what are you doing friday?
Hey thanks a bunch - Hoping to be one of the first to sing up. Hoping to shoot my own version Of
(: Smile and you will notice what llife is really for.(:
Wanted to have Mo finish off his career getting the last out of a World Series. I hope this does not end it for him. Just horrible.
We're in Cincinnati tonight playing a free show w/ 1,2,3. It all starts at 830pm!
I'm back home. I have a meeting at a new club tomorrow sorry!
Super psyched for at the tomorrow! He's kind of totally amazing, so don't miss it!
Upset... again.
call me.
thank I stay in Columbus ga n that was my 1st shoot
my ancestors got ripped off on that deal. I'm tryna get that mule now
Hope's Anthem by Bethel Music on repeat!!
We LOVE it!
I am passionate about learning with my PLN! Thanks #AIMSPLP and #PLPnetwork! It was a terrific culminating event!
Scrambling yesterday and today to make our new Research Commons site look decent in #plone. Slideshow and jq map works great!
All I want is a beautiful day spent outside with my <3'd ones.
Community based shopping in full swing today -- 7916 SE Foster -- new | used | original -- until 7 PM today, 11-5 tomorrow. Check us out!
Having a relaxing day with my babies. Oh wait, they're arguing already. Smh
what casino?
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything
I love it when funtional products are created from unexpected minor material like a simple rubberband
Are you alive??? Did you sleep in the tub armed with a shotgun (a new non-alcoholic cocktail I've just made up)?
Going to my first Detroit Lions Thanksgiving game on Thursday. Not a fan of either team...but free tickets will not go wasted
our record release show is June 17 at the echoplex...
Personally offended when my timeline won't load. okay I c.
they'll still be dirty if that makes you feel any better
Had really yummy gluten free cupcakes tonight! If i have celiacs, those were totally a ray of light!
Cool! Screnzy Rebel! :)
talking about #social and collaborative IT. Showing some results from recent study
someone wanna meet some purttyyy ladies
CLS approved on consent agenda, no questions.
God really does like that tebow guy... I dont
Thanks for the #FF I've been so busy I haven't had a chance to be on here much. How are you?
Morning world rise and grind.....time waits for no man......
Couldnt agree more...im the same way.
...and this is where I exit the conversation.
Money from Strangers is my new favorite show!!! :p
At my last physical, I asked my doc to measure and chart my waist. CDCP says so!
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction. -- William Faulkner
What happens in the past only makes you stronger in the future.
Love is about equality
Buy $20 for $10 on Yelp!
now what?
Clipper fans throwing their brand new tees into the laundry & reaching for the vintage Lakers shirt they've always owned. Typical #LA fans.
; time to go get ready for finals today ..
Lol, let me go look. Maybe I missed it!
Looking for more customers? Call your local #Valpak office: 317-806-7821
RT : After 1am, that's when the unemployed whores thrive. Right ?
I've always hated "baby" and "honey" but some how with new boy I love it
wat up big bro
Series of baserunning errors have cost Highland big so far. Belmont still leads 1-0 heading into the fifth.
Ugh Rosie annoys me so much..
I just want to leave for Spain now, so i can mail my "no regrets" letters :p sick of keeping things to myself anymore.
RT : How To Choose a Wine Rack to Fit Your Style and Budget - Cultivating an appreciation of wine is a growing trend in......
I just want a whole Paisans pizza <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Feeling lucky to work at a company that considers St. Patrick's Day a holiday.
Listening to LL Cool J ft Lyfe Jennings - Freeze... damn what happened to Lyfe?
getting ready for my band concert in an hour. What about you? (: x
1st meeting of ARCHE Sustainability Committee today. Look for collaboration around green purchasing, info sharing, student research, more.
That's bull shit. American Idol is rigged. Phillip should NOT be in the finale. Still really glad Jessica made it though!
I hate pimples at the corner of your mouth.
i am truly in need of a new computer -__- it's seriously taking me five hours of what i could've done in two, if not faster. i hate this.
Show time!
I miss the mountains..
Awesome, thanks! (I got grief from a CD just yesterday!)
Denver hits another three tying the Magness Arena record for 16 in a game, they now lead 76-55 with 30 sec. to play
Good morning #Bachelornation! Who's excited to watch the #bachelorette tonight?!?!?
So happy it's friday! Anything fun going on this weekend?
RT : Q2) When I choose an educational presentation and end up attending a vendor or consultant sales pitch. #lrnchat <Hate that!
Hitting the big city of Charleston today.
omg I love you
omg, I want that! I have been wishing it would happen.
ps did I mention I throw wrong and by wrong I mean sidearm. This also includes you
#Greatfood is like great sex, the more you have the more you want
you can thank Spotify for all the rap and pop at the wedding! Made my job easy.
Is this a ruse?
Just went thru our followers and made sure everyone was followed back .! :) - Zaona
Happy Thanksgiving yall!
We are looking for Interns! If you are interested email We hope to hear from you soon!
WOW how interesting. I wonder how this applies to California?
TANKS-GIVING
appreciate the love boo!
Clogs! Sanita is best brand, not wood bottoms.
RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?
I had a 102 fever this morning but it's going down now !!
the final two minutes is a good time to commit.
I think the outfit is very today!!!
2 of my seniors are going into PhD programs--Classics & English. I bit my tongue and wished them well. Hey--maybe they come from money.
That steering wheel is a suduko puzzle
I just want to lay in bed and play my game.
": #Taurus women are masters in the art of seduction. She will get what she wants but her patience is incredible."
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
Think they all have dairy..perhaps we can find some sorbet or fresh berries when you visit?
how many post-9/11 ticker tape parades have there been? seems like a whole different sensibility now
for kids or adults?
thanks everyone who donated to the Lambchop show on wtju.net... You MUST TUNE-IN to the absurdly good line-up of shows on wtju.net
I'm so territorial when it comes to someone I care about
"Ditto: I love it when it rains :)"
My choc. lab barks incessantly during storms wanting to go out in it. Drives me nuts!!
Where can I watch the 7th season oh HIMYM online ?
Ah so much to do, so little time. Is it Monday or Friday???
Thanks to new followers!
"We've also filed over 20 counts of misdemeanor hazing," involving different victims, State Attorney says.
She needs an interactive V-tech baby laptop. She's smart & will catch on quickly.
im my Fav
Oh it feels like the first round in Hollywood!
what happen? Are u okay?
... And request to add me on Facebook, I'm not going to accept you trying to get back into my life. You hurt me! You hurt my sister!...
Maybe I'm just sleepy......peace.
Well okay ... As long as you buy me a drink first. ;-) I was pissed until I saw that workaround posted.
Add life to your days instead of days to your life
This pic is priceless! LOL he needs a timeout! hahaha
Okay. It's Friday. Don't forget to back up.
Hello, #TDLP class is tomorrow at 2 ET. Is it posted incorrectly somewhere?
God will never CLOSE a door w/o leaving a window cracked OPEN for you. Learn from mistakes. Where there's a WILL there's a WAY!!!
well, we love you!
m, beer. Beer is good. PBR is good.
How do you feel about James Casey from a dynasty perspective? Any upside there if I can stow him on a taxi squad?
Don't talk to me?
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
HAPPY NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY MAHOMIES & ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
not gonna lie, I'm jealous of people who live near the beach
glad ur ok
u have any available couches for this conning Saturday?
Having a big ass don't count if you fat. That's jus my opinion tho lol
Will do! I'll put you on something fun for this one.
Soo sick! Thanks for the support! :)
Worst day off ever.
Is this a remote position, by chance?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 19
Met with the lovely folks from Of note: Patsy Cline's house, over 200 wineries, & ponies AND rocket launches on Chincoteague!
I hate it when I feel like I need a person
it was great to be apart of it. :-)
It really sucks when the Brewers aren't televised
“: I have been legendary since you were in grade school. #literally #imold” hahah
Making the rounds with (the future Mrs. Casinocoach).
It is awesome!
Well I certainly hope you're right! I do find it odd that a lot of my baseball hopes ride on the bat of some 19 year old.
#PMATip: U can get a head start on having a great #PMA day 2moro BY -- preparing 4 2moro RIGHT NOW! Think it. Plan it. Make it happen!
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Yeah Renner did a very good job. Ruffalo's Banner/Hulk and Agent Coulson were my favorites!
We both know that wont happen :)
"I like to think that the rapture did come, but Macho Man Randy Savage was the only one who proved worthy"
agreed!!!! But yea. Wish they hadn't done it
I don't like the fact that boys just sit there and think its okay to mess with girls feelings .
The #Brewers are getting all of their bad baseball for the season out of their system right now...right?
I meant to say, my web site is at: www.maryouimettekinney.com
Q: This whole snake thing is just a metaphor, right? A: I assure you, the snakes are very real.
“: so u been a heat fan for what a whole 2 yrs now” LOL...so true!
love you for this tweet =)
Wow, I didn't know there was an 3.8 earthquake! I didn't feel anything :o
So far, I think May may be our most active month on the blog, but least active on Twitter... Hmm... Could these two things be related?
you too man!
"Didn't you see it on Facebook?" -the new "Must've gotten lost in the mail." Both far less likely than we force ourselves to believe.
how much of his contract do we eat
Happiness is external, Joy is a state of mind
"if its not too late for coffee, I'll be at your place in ten. We'll hit that all night diner and then, we'll see."
Moonraker is for people in their twenties who don't know any better. I liked it back then.
Watching the telli
I will :) I haven't gotten new shoes since 7 months
- Morgan Rhodes is the bomb diggity :)
you might try again. It works for me. Let me know.
Ok. I think I'm mentally prepared to see Titanic again.
Experiencing technical issues....still about 72 hours from launching the site. STAY TUNED!!
No computer all day at work and lots of meetings. Hoping I can finally get my new laptop at work tomorrow...
I wish i was fishin right now
Hey tweet world!
haha I understand I'm looking to escape too!
The eLearning Guild conferences are great
I know! I was SO excited haha. Maybe sometime post MVP. :)
Chilly post-glacial air! Burr.
lol u went to twitter rehab or sumn lol
nope its ok...if ur a crazy cat lady!?!?! :P
Off this site for the day. 1/2 day bonus :) Nice start to a 3day weekend.
tons of students at the secrets wall between classes!
Hahhahaha. Spanish is fun. Gotta love that class.
#SongOfTheWeek --Fix A Heart by Love, Love, Love.
2nd retraction: APD doesn't refer to people as scumbags, but as "dirt bags". Overheard on radio scanner last night. no bullshit, no joke!
God can do more in one moment of time than we can do in a lifetime!
dude the show is on Saturday the 21st. Not Sunday. Dead surf is playing again.
The Library of Congress is now archiving every single tweet ever posted on Twitter. BACON. SEXY. BOOBS. Done.
Follow my list please ^^
Crap I have 3 more assignments to do Monday I'm doing them all
After today, I'm feeling #TweetChats polarize interests more than enable cooperative collaboration...Is that it from the #peanutgallery?
Off to the City of Palm Coast's Arbor Day. Come see us at Both #37 for live honey bees, honey & lots of stinging insect nest samples
Please don't let your pencil-jealousy cripple you--entirely. We promise to take lots of pencil-pictures.
only if you get real crazy at our shows so I can laugh and possibly hit wrong notes because of it haha
I have a $50 off coupon for a Blendtec - we love our Blendtec!
on stage at
Sorry to say that I'm not shocked by the Davonte Neal situation. His dad sat in when I interviewed Davonte last month and had plenty to say.
*heart pitter pattering* You always shine.
Right on! By Wed.a.m., I could always use a blast of Shiftless When Idle to get me up. 7:15: KBCO comes on clock radio. LOUD
i dont think its jenna, but she probably know who -A is...... i think its melissa
a deep breath in through the nose and let it out through the nose. It's a work in progress. Thanks for a great night. Xo
Would you be surprised to hear that majority of BigCo's are running a java app on Windows server as guest on Vmware? I was for sure...
Burleson needs to SIT!!
shouldn't teaching about online safety be up to the parents? Schools aren't an excuse for parents not to teach their kids
ry and I will be in Bloomington as well!
Mom Muslim,auntie christian ,cousin Catholic,friend Jewish..they all said L,A we going pray for u..I feel good
#FF Check out these great supporters of ROCK!
RT : Fun dinner with clients! Great #socialmedia convo with , the rising PR superstar :)
Elizabeth along w/ Eldzier Cortor were the last of our 20th century modernists. She was a Phenom, Giant & Extraordinary Woman.
ctrl-p, hanging this up in my cube
be yourself and others will respect you
Quote of the day: "When you have plans cancelled at the last minute, just say fine and make better plans."
need to do a comic movie together i'm in the a email me
I am turning my computer off for the weekend & going to a women's retreat. Woohoo! See ya on Monday...
I'm happy to say my mentees are kicking butt!
Passover and Easter. Sounds like a great time to reconnect with loved ones, reflect upon degrees of freedom, and gaze at cherry blossoms. :D
Check out - a design co. that donates their profits to organizations to help fund preservation/restoration projects in LA.
what's the rule about tipping if you're just doing takeout at a restaurant?
pretty much! And try to stick with one type of alcohol cuz if you have a bunch of diff ones that'll def give u a hangover!
Same hoes hatin on us, Numbers they be slippin me..
good observation. However, has always been an early riser...
You can tell the people that don't get Paid til next week.. They Tweets Bitter as Hell right now! :)
": I didn't finish seeing the smurfs"<<should've never started lol
Just walked out of our Web Design Meeting.. The new YAS site is going to be amazing.. stay tuned..
Many a false step was made by standing still. Keep smiling.
Curious on your E-Discovery Reports
Moment of silence for #Linsanity 's season.
definitely a bug ;)
So far away, I wish you were here.
Thank you!
no, I agree with you! I was trying subtly to deride further by adding 'impactful', which is my personal peeve.
Lately I'm intrigued by the waterfall web view at various times during the day versus mapping my lists to Tweet deck.
never cease to stop growing
what type of costume
enjoy and congrats on the new gig man!!!
Just found $5000 for a business here at the GMCC Biz Expo! Stop by and see if you have money!
Coming back to LA? =) RT : Moving day!!
hey what's up. Thanks for following me
Just LIKE RoomBug on Facebook for a chance to win $25 GC for Chili's and a $25 GC for Fandango Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8 Pls share w/friends!
I promise not to start pretending like I was a diehard #Rangers fan all along when they make a run at Lord Stanley's Cup. You are welcome.
hey errybody guess who's pissed THIS GIRL <3
My 9-yr-old loves the Flintstones! Kids will get it.
- Research in Estonia & Kenya show sexuality education only cost 5$ pr person. at side event on
Diamondisc Audio is 15 years old this month!
ima follow you too, like a stocking kitten
oh I read all the time :) Reading is the new cooking
Do you believe in professional and friendly relations simultaneously?
Who wants to pick me up to go downtown?!
Great day with my momma bear
Just met ken coomer (my producer) and his wife for the first time and I already feel like family. :) this is going to be a good spring break
amen to that..I do wish to change the way the autism "support" community here in Phx is run though
Indeed his show is enough better today than it was in '97 (when I mentally filed it under "loathe") to be worth bearing
Wonders how much it would cost to eliminate all student debt? What would you buy if you didn't have student
This week is gonna go by slow
It goes Boozer, Cutler, the Cubs, LeBron & Mendenhall for me
Cool kids can't die.
you got it!
Sooner or later the real you shows up... Keep it real!
Thank God
Have one for me!
RT : Just finished the photoshoot for our Fall 1 look for the web.. you're gonna love it! Sneak peek to be posted soon xoxo
#southwest "over sold" our plane yesterday. They begged for 1 person to stay back. They would pay you but only for ONE person.
Idc what anyone yes.. Adele never gets old. <3
This convo I'm stuck hearing<<<<
Henry Rollins update: he loved Australia. Bringing you the most up to date news! Haha.
Bum the Bummer
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy Friday Eve! I don't know about y'all, but I sure am ready for the weekend!
you are very welcome!
Had the best time with my wife and son at the beach. This was just what a dude needed before going back to work...
This is courtney tweeting , EVERYTHING . Btw .(:
your<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>just<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>jello<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
np! I need more followers! Help me get to 1k! xoxoxo
"I am so disappointed, that I can not see me preform,except for on playback. My greatest pain in life, is that I will never see me, preform"
heck yes I remember our Philly road trip. Name as many colleges and universities in the state of Nebraska, GO!
you JUST texted me
waiting until you do *less* travelling . . . seems counterintuitive
omg justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT
Life is GREAT!
Do you publish a list of future dates when you tape?
Do not leave soiled bedding in crate. If #dog becomes used to mess, very hard to break habit. Undermines create training.
The guy that i'm a sound productions asisstant for is ashton kutcher's neighbor...
How annoying to wake up with hiccups ...
yeah his voice is beautiful
Trivia Night!
Difference between FB and Twitter according to me: FB is funny friends and Twitter is funny strangers. (Mostly) (At the moment)
Cause she know where to put it !
I'm great and yourself?
I miss my baby.
I forgot how heavy Slayer's Seasons In The Abyss was, Metal Classic!
I haven't been to sleep yet! x
I'd be interested if I qualify, which I might not.
i'm sick of the sleepless, never ending nights. I just don't car who's wrong or right... #SickOfYou by
tuition too high? we want to hear your thoughts. send in a video.
Shut up. I'm watching Glee. Don't be petty , they do a decent job on WMYB.
put ur hands on my body
Lol that's dope
OPEN AUDITION TONIGHT!!!!! Email for more info on how to become a New York LADY Rebel!!!!
It's nice to meet you :)
this ones getting ugly, Red Wolves up 75-50, couldn't think of a better way to start the meat of the conference season 930whon.com tune in
GE Capital Provides $70 Million Asset-Based Credit Facility for Le Château
They are not answering the question get em Jim
Lucia, we need to meet. It's fate.
"When we come together in LOVE, all things are possible.
Welcome everyone!
I Watched This Game - Vancouver Sun Sports Blogs
good 4 u! Lots of advice! Stick w/ it, do ur best, modify as u need and follow the nutrition. How u staying accountable?
PROVE IT!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! :) <3
I'm not gonna lie, the boys have ruined my social life, my interest in boys, my grades, and so much more, but yes I'm damn proud of it-Kelly
God damn please let me die
. is going all Nate Silver with his electoral Excel spreadsheets. Interesting stuff.
I don't want to keep fighting for you when your just going to go back with her! Behind my back
So the end is saturday and its going to rain! Can we at least have one last good day. Smh
Marzipan and Cheerwine :B
Cuttino Mobley is suing the Knicks claiming he was "forced" to retire. The way I see it is the Knicks did him a favor!
I'm tall for my age I'm 5 foot can anyone guess how old I am
Another 1st down for Kentucky.
What Women Want... recent study found that women are seven times more likely to seek peace of mind, as opposed to wealth accumulation.
Traffic signals not working at southbound I-225/Colfax offramp.
Why does it have to be so cold :(
GREAT SHOW TODAY...catch the episode on www.worldtalkradio.com Variety Channel THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW....JoAnneh was amazing!
you make me smile.... I love apple juice!!
oh my goodness!!!! Thank you so much for sharing! What a doll!
Locked and loaded for the #SWFrance virtual tasting tonight! Opening up the last of the 8 wines now...follow along starting at 7pm EST
RT : A4: Being flexible shows genuine interest in collaboration. Being fake shows the need to be likable.
Hey There's not a doc in NFL who would have let 21-year-old stud return that soon & NFL docs know more abt knees than anyone.
Mint chocolate chip shakes
/// Niggas are so used to hearing the USUAL RADIO SHIT to the fact that they automatically diss an album they haven't heard yet.
I find it amazing that I have all the patience in the world with kids but no patience at all with adults.Wish people would just do their job
I miss my nieces
Excuse me bartender, there's too much liquor in this drink.
Nevermind the darkness, we can still find a way. Nothing last forever, in the cold November rain.
My APES book uses massive airplane crashes with "no survivors" to illustrate equivalent #s of people dying from issues. Feelin
Plane finally here, three hours late. Now on to SLC, a quick layover, and on to Portland. This is why you dont book last minute
Welcome & thanks wtzgoodPHL So many great ideas.
Me too!
Any idea what we should expect to see from Orlando Arcia this year? I assume AZL?
Heck Yeah! Go Wolfpack!!!!!
BBQ Chicken w/ noodles, veggies & salad, #YUM!
Congrats on topping the 100k mark!!!! Go Big Blue!!!!
So many thanks for the #FF love. Wishing you a great CO weekend. xo
so giving old furniture a new lease on life is the heart of my philosophy. -Nina Campbell
see you there!
this is me: "Don't open that closet!"
Interesting stat... RT "around 110,000 records are made a year, we're covering about 1500 of them"
A New Day
How many of you #Badger hockey fans are thinking about coming down before our during the game tonight? Should be a good 1 against #Denver!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Panic Room
I'm sad I missed it! I didn't know it happened under after the fact :/ Thanks for sharing the pictures!
Conscious Consumption..I dig it!
AQUS on watch for a breakout/bounce, charts ready to go, strong volume eod friday.
twitter.com/howardkurtz does a George Plimpton - has a star turn in film as a blogger, including a v memorable scene with
thanks for the explanation -- and in 140 characters no less :) will dig deeper into the links you sent
Hardest part is gettin off the ground, cause nobody wants to fuck with an artist with no name to themselves or experience.
I am losing too much weight, idk if it's from stress or what but I don't like it..
Before I walk away, I'll fight for you..
I know. Just thought it was funny. You were the first person I thought of when I got my invite.
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." --N. V. Peale
Meh...today could be going better. lol Especially since the lasagna is gone. Today's lunch won't compare to yesterdays.
... better about myself. haha
IN the BUILDING?! #drool RT #Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins in 3 minutes - he'll also be here later today
lol wat u been up to?
I ADORE blue hydrangeas - they were the central flower for my wedding (and in fact, my dress was that color too - 2nd marriage).
« RT LeBron's mouthguard says "XVI." It takes 16 wins for an NBA title.»
We're thrilled to have been named the Georgia District 2011-2012 Alumni Chapter of the Year!
on my way!
thanku too x
Not weird at all. Dan looks like a goofy lawyer in that photo. looks like a goofy lawyer 24/7.
Virginia white wine, teriyaki tofu and rice with spicy broccoli. Don't mind if I do.
Before you go to Slainte tonight at Milwaukee Irish Fest - stop in for a Guinness with us! Our shuttles begin TOMORROW night!
hun, what's the point of getting married for a cuddle buddy? lmfaoo
I missed the first part of #RAW what happens so far
. the diss. will be avail. in several months, and looking to have it out as a book in the next 11 months. Will let u know. thx
has to like the best general ever besides G. Washington she's bought #arianaarmy to a whole new level<U+2665>
Music is 90% Business!
On our way to !
the leading authority on the #NHL would be one Mr , you're welcome!
Going to finish up Assassination Vacation tonight in hopes that it will cheer me up. Such is life.
imma start keeping it 100 with females & niggas too so dont get mad when i tell the truth
:( I've come to like it in spite of myself, but only for the theatricality of Eartha Kitt...
Yes! They are so bad for you. lol!
Heading to Quality Social downtown for the Internet marketing party
Yup, you start to feel guilty for hating it because you're supposed to love it. It's gross.
Working, but can't complain. What kind of job? Message me if I can help.
Fast Forward
I just ordered Moulin Rouge on BR. Take that, sexual preference stereotypes! ;)
I wish you all could perform players ball and I wish goodie could do goodie bag and then for the finale black ice : )
LOL with pleasure!
Very grateful for that comment, Heather. So kind of you.
I'LL WAVE MY ABS TOO. CAUSE I HAVE ABS. AND MINHYUN IS JEALOUS.
About to drive into Verizon Center...game 4 report with comin up!!
Thanks for the follow. Nice website.
Thanks for the RT on our Career Fair! It's a great opportunity for #ROC biz to find local talent for open #jobs!
Come to Houston Again I missed you last time because of cheer<\3
lol don't I wish , if you come across some let me know. Would like to go . :)
Maybe we'll play Illuminati (conspiracy card game). I won last two games, so everyone will be gunning for me. :P
So exciting!
ASCAP has a pretty useful online setup for publishing your songs. You can easily take care of that yourself
I would not get hired on focus.
Seems like everyone's talking about it.. #knut rest in peace
oh I know!!.your always grabbing my booty
I don't feel good :(
Love it!
My pin......just for girls <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9> PIN: 2956E986 Plz I dont wanna boys just girls<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>.
Thanks! I need to hire a stenographer for the office so I can just dictate the articles while I drill. :-)
hung up on step 3, keep clicking and all the page does is refresh
"When a theater refused to show 'I Am Curious,' Mr. Rosset bought the theater. He then sold it back after showing the movie."
Hate when I shower after the gym & my towel is still damp from the am
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. You read that wrong too.
Even if you argue that the officials have given Miami 20 points, the Heat are up 32.
yeah we do!
Blowin MONEY , blowing STRONG , I swear that's all I blow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Congrats on the App Store Deal ;-D
Pretty bummed about my structured settlement, I need some cash now
Don't forget to vote for Fire Escape Farms today at in the Start Small, Go Big contest!
Let's not forget the Arctic Monkeys - Bet You Look Good ON THE DANCE FLOOR
Saved by the bell, now boy meets world... Good Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
that sounds like PERFECT weather! E!
I hate dropping my phone on my face. It just aims right for my lip :/
Can't wait for it to be our time to shine tomorrow
I'm young so no I won't apologize for any of the dumb shit I pull.
I just want to sleeeppp.
Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 3-0 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena.
Congratulations to Welcome to SF. Party Tonight!
Come see all the Beautiful changes with Comfort Suites Fishers! Mention this tweet and SAVE!! Keyword: "Changes" ends @ 1am on 3/9
"we have to become an idea capital" #dwntwnmiami "
Did i ever tell you how much you are to all the #ICONiacz #RNGeezies And EVERYONE.. We all love you ... <33
You have no idea. Thanks so much for the encouraging words.
<U+263A> I woke up still hi smh dam kush PAC
stop that. Ill cry.
Ha Ha I am intrigued as to what you guys are talking about!
will you please follow me!!!!!! i have been asking for 2 years now and i will never say never
Pretty little liars. <3
I want there to be one celeb who ACTUALLY dates a fan.
no katy was trying to be a crab.. i don't like crabs..
Seems like its always someone everyday with something negative
Need a success #coach in #Philadelphia area? Just #text SMARTMOVES to 90210 for contact info & more from Smart Moves Coaching.
yeah, I am loving Monday too woo woo
I couldn't ask for any better cause there isn't. I love you mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> Happy Mothers Day <U+263A>
girl yes. Booty shorts. Haha. But if she do work I mightt can get a ride. I'll try hard .
#youwerecuteuntil you insulted and
LeBron's point, rebound and assist numbers are on par with past seasons but field goal and 3 point percentages are up.
RT : Just met at this auburn festival
my mind is on
It's coo tho.. I still got my jasmine, avii , eranne and maybe erica..
Another day, another LHC shoot. This time with Zumba instructor Rachel Carlino! Should be another fun gig.
Exciting things are on the horizons for those willing to take risks and embrace change in hopeful expectation... I dig it!
And so there was peace. <3
Art meets Research: Tomorrow at 3:30 in OCH Michael Kubovy on "The Aesthetics and Psychology of Randomness"
Still this is a pretty hurtful article.
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help out. It was great talking with the students.
“: Congrats to all my wonderfully talented friends who are graduating from Emerson today!” thanks man
i have it
that means your sight is improving! how awesome - mine gets worse and worse, total blindness will surely follow
A man on a standing room-only bus just offered a pregnant woman his seat. Always nice to see such kindness on
Random questions!?
haha, what's up?
Dear Wisdom Teeth, You weren't invited to this tooth party. Sincerely, Jeff's Mouth
4 LIS460ers: anyone else have trouble opening igoogle screencasts? Probably my computer, but just checking!
": Deleted his number : :" ha okay nessa
Cynthia: my sister lacked the 9 digit magical number she needed to go to college
the worst version too RT : It means she's tease playing a mental version of Just The Tip.
US House is passing a budget making budget decisions. Dems in Senate will not consider it nor pass their own. Can't run a country this way.
you are mean, haha...that is why I only take cabs to & from the airport, lol
oh, is that what that is?
People who stand in front of empty seats on the bus are annoying.
Too bad my iPhone wasn't around back in them myspace days. That woulda been the shit.
Thanks for the shoutout!
that goes for most people in general
come on mike u can't expect ku to be good at more than one thing
It really doesn't because the NFL has the salary cap. It would be better to compare them to the mid-00s Yankees or Sox.
Follow me:D
say main.. That barrel has a hole in it. I don't even risk them anymore. We need to show up on Brice and get a space.
Enjoying the LDS first presidency Christmas devotional. Loved Uchdorf's talk!
That's cool. I didn't know you were such a museum authority. Lol.
Sharp Snipe!
#BandsILove Green Day, Blood On The Dancefloor, Falling In Reverse, System Of A Down, Dave Days, and Slipknot
Enjoying an excellent workers comp class today with 's Bill Perkins
Lockout must be hurting a few players. Mediatakeout main story is about Derrick Rose refusing to pay a prostitute. Now who's being greedy?
I found a church, headed to Mt. Olive AME Church at 1108 Carver Street, Myrtle Beach, SC. Join me later at Broadway at the Beach @ 12:15
I wish I could have come:(
being that u hacked me lol
Ooh, Mobile Uplink? (kidding) Awesome, Thank you, Sirs and drive safe.
Thanks for the follow !
Job posting of the day: "Wanted: Flu Shot Greeter." Sadly, they want 1-2 yrs of experience.
Walker claiming lots of new jobs is like a gay guy who says he's got a Canadian girlfriend.
Just watched an 18 yr old bowl a 290. Spare in the 1st. I'm asking if he needs an agent.
My mom is funny! She was like how the Hell u go from a convertible to a suv lol!
you speak the truth
dude I just queued it the other day. Really wanna watch it
I hate freaking fony ppl!!!!!!! First they wanna be just like u, then they dont wanna talk to u at all thinking they big and bad.!
This is your brain on music. Missed this, but aim to find the video.
yes I hope so too :)
Ready set God bless tweeters
Holy hail....Chicago getting it pretty bad.
Oh what will be next up on this movie marathon tonight? Any Suggestions?
Wyclef Jean running for President of Haiti. Thoughts????
800 Degrees Pizza, open til 2. RT : Where do you eat/drink in Westwood/by UCLA that isn't BJs or In-N-Out on a Wednesday at 10PM?”
um don't flatter urself
on live now with Jennifer Griffin & husband Greg Myre about their book "This Burning Land" with www.radiokolamerica.com
mar. 2: happy dr. seuss's birthday! not-so-happy phillip k. dick's death-day...
Making your friends feel better when they're sad or stressed. >>>>>>>>>>>>>
I'm sad you weren't well enough to aid me in my celebration of finals by killing as many brain cells as possible w/
Miss you already. : Cherry Bye to Claudia today :( and Welcome to Joe D'Amico and Daniel!Hope your time with us is memorable!
I love her thoughts >>>>>
Thanks Craigslist! "Spoonful of perfection."broadwayacrossamerica.com/boston/
Good point. At least he realized what he was doing was abhorrent. Unlike so many others.
congrats on your first 5K that is awesome! good luck on your next one
you're taking the mcat?? awww yaayyy! good luck girl, i know the struggle!
There's a big difference between real women and most women... its all about knowing your personal
Painting widows are a paine! Let us take care of it today.
woot woot! Thanks for new follows: ! Help spread the #energyefficiency message to #mke!
doing some work! Matthew and Freddy are two of the coolest concierge I've met doing this job. Makes work easy with good people
Our Traminette is back for purchase at the winery just in time for your Thanksgiving feast. Great wines are meant to be shared.
Can't wait to go to work for 8 hours and do completely nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
NO I'm here with crotch until 7
i miss you Ben! how have you been? we need to see each other! love you<3
We have three options for #Detroit fiscal crisis: consent agreement, EM or bankruptcy. Consent agreement is responsible, realistic solution.
“: Little kid shown on big screen at The Ted with sign that says "Chipper, can you stay til I grow up?" #Adorable #FSBraves” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
for sure.. I'm just curious now watching the HL's and seeing his height what better franchise to learn from right now
nice! What's your favorite Woody Allen movie?
Sometime u gotta learn 2 to swim with no lifeguard when the storm is rough you could either be a competitor or get out the bad weather
Jonas Fans Are Blessed!
It feels good to love somebody nd know they love you bak <3
Good Morning & Happy Monday. Lots to do... have a wonderful day!
Its so good! RT : I had no idea there was such a thing as Tofu House--good to know. Love me some tofu.
Work school work school work school that's all I seem to do anymore but it'll all pay off in the long run
Hi Jeremy! Thanks for the follow, hope you're having an awesome day!
Family Guy Star Wars had the best YOU reference. "Im a friend of Dave navarrooooos"
Shout To Those Now Supporting Good Music.
This was unlike the story it was written to be. I was riding its back when it used to ride me.
Tyson- that jacket of yours is something only Don Cherry could love.
nuts! people are fanatical about bacon. :)
RT : should follow because hes such a kentucky fan
The fact that ABC even bothers to put the NBA on on Selection Sunday befuddles me. I will only watch college hoops in March
Today in class we had to write an essay about our hero/person we admire , i wrote about <3 :)
Glad you enjoy it! #4thandForever #LongBeachPoly RT : Awesome stuff. This is good tv.
I've also never see you smile what's up with that?
girl I was nervous!! Lol
don't get up this twit twit talkin smack lol I am one of ur faithful followers !!
it already is rileyfusco capitals dont matter and i dont want it to be my real name cause you can already see that
that didn't even make sense. If you keep tweeting things like that, I'm gonna have your sister suspend you again!
Pottery Barn Kids has a Sheep Rocker that will make you want one in an adult size. It's soft, snuggly, and perfect for your little one.
Im ready 2 go back 2 my car.
To 720 bus.
Don't get me started on my adorable little Cloudy.
New blog post : 8 Dieting Tips for A Smaller Waistline
you have like the best quotes on the world (:
Worship started with brass playing when the saints go marching in. Spontaneous ovation when Katie processed.
Havent heard from my new friend today, he slackin...
Nothing beats an awesome drummer in the studio!!!
Hey guess what? you're perfect
Oral Health affects overall health. TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR HEALTH! Get the best oral care SYSTEM: Paste & Rinse work Together: www.closys.com
over 12 percent of his life he his a serial child rapist so he could abuse more and more
I heard Wolfgang's food at last night's Obama/Clooney event was fabulous. Then again, no surprise there!
14 n I'm not i said just a lil
it's there!
Clippers have Joe B calling an audible on his 10pm sportscast.
dude! You were amazing last night!! It was really great meeting ya :)
Just finished holding the Open Call today for a feature horror film. Thanks to all who came for the auditions!
stop stealing jokes
can u please follow me?
okay I will :D
Good suggestion, read the #obits. i have list of top 5 regrets of the dying taped to computer.
Blood pressure issue is under control!!!
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out
no, your like...gorgeous! Australia, you?
That's actually not a bad thing...
Three wide keeps it interesting.
"Thought is a force - a manifestation of energy - having a magnet-like power of attraction." ~ Willam Walker Atkinson
If only I could get #China to get our Easter Fox. The Fox who stole my 7 year olds Easter Eggs. Then finally World justice would be served.
Thanks for the follow, Bob.
Ah yes, the pool at the is devine. Looking forward to our next training session! Xoxoxoxox
That is my absolute most favorite play in baseball. You cannot tell me that a home plate collision isn't exciting and awesome.
I'm rockin' while watching Cocoon with my son, who for some reason has been doing a G-rated Russel Brand impression all night
i dont know it just says coming soon lol
also, im gonna peep those mashups when I get home #TrillCosby!
Mock service today for servers and bartenders....as training for Balena continues!
#BayMusic, you are sexy as hell. Good to be here.
you know how to fold????
It's a gorgeous Spring day, and it's Friday! Have a great weekend!
you good young brother? What's upcoming?
Good thing you walk to work :)
Inside "the marble John Hay Library" I have come home. :-)
O my dad's suing someone. He mad lol
I love Rubicon! I missed the past two episodes. Plan on watching them on-demand this week :)
Lol Tellit sister RT : P.S. There's nothing wrong with being home on a Saturday night. ;-)
Holding a hearing to discuss the recommendations of the ABC Working Group.
So much happening at It's Our Scene, like it on facebook and support local music facebook.com/itsourscene new music from local bands tonight
That's an entirely different discussion: patient hand offs.
Kellan Lutz looks sexy in the new Breaking Dawn trailer.. Unf.
#TimeWarnerCable once again I'm not happy w/ u. None of my shows DVRed tonight! Really ?
Patience young Jedi. Wrapping takes skill and strength.
you are working overtime....
Gotham Steak @ 41st and Collins - 5 out of 5 across the board - no errors...not one! Exceptional!
I'm not a smoker but I'm DEFINITELY about to blow these trees down today
Holiday party tonight!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<315
I think Drupal is too much tool for him -- I suspect Joomla is, too. He just wants an interface to edit mostly static pages.
Oh my gosh, i ordered some mail-order russian brides when i was drinking, and they are here now. I dont know what to do
Goo bears
This dude is on the UP and UP.
Looking fwd to teaching a few design classes at IADT next term
I'm bakkk unfortunately
Fuck bitches , get money . Fuck bitches , get money ;*
she Bad Cause Her last Niggah Told Her thatt
James Franco, well respected actor, director, academic is speaking at #Strandbookstore & lineup is "panic attack-worthy"
skeet skeet skeet , water gun , oh my god becky look at her butt , tunechi! --weezy . <3
Tks for keeping up w/trivia on Twitter team!
I'm in serious need of #Halloween costume ideas. The parties start #tonight! #Anyone?
RT : people i know running the marathon: , jared from subway, and the chilean miner. can't wait to cheer for you guys!
All safe here in dfw. Storm passed by work.
Reading Waiting to Exhale for a proposed tv interview, triggered my desire to write.
Almost all my clinical trial QA audits have resulted in observations. This is not a good sign for drug & device trial managers. To much work
Many thanks for the RT!
An eye for an eye would make the whole world blind.
Tomorrow is the red legs vs the Bronx Bombers! It's going to be a great game, and of corse it's during graduation! Stupid graduation! :/
I Love You.
Morning thoughts, "Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." ~ Leon J. Suenes
rush of fools , you have my heart and all the rest .
We have a big mediation tomorrow!
First handfull of bands announced: Danzig, PUBLIC ENEMY, Girls, Hot Snakes
Attempting to clean your room is not easy with a three year old right behind you making the same mess you just cleaned up. Sigh.
I hear ya and wasn't disputing. Just adding my two cents...
Gotta like the Skins chances going up against a cold QB though
That hurt ": #WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly Call them precious"
it's funny how no one cares. <U+270C> #holler <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
One more hour to follow and RT for a chance to win a copy of Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close by Jonathan Safran Foer!
Just saw Voltron:The End by ! epic! :)
It's scientifically proven that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gangbangs
Nearly three-quarters of senior citizens who have a reverse mortgage said they were satisfied with the product
Oh... you don't know? Follow the link it's good for business and contacts
“: AHH i want one. i miss you :( #sadtweet” Omg I miss u too love!!! How are u, tell me everything.
I'm gonna miss you most of all!!
Uhm. im pretty sure im standing right here watching a tragedy at hand. uh
killed it on ! Straight genuine!
Thanks for the follow! My life’s passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves, NOT an advisor and Wall Street.
wow, thats awesome :/
First day of oscon. Two excellent sessions. One on Android development and another for using improv to build teams. And several good convos!
But it is my turn to get excited about Google's logo today! What is your favorite Ancient Egypt inspired book?
I couldn't agree more
Praise Break!!!!!
Oh man, I didn't think about the sending pics part
I have an audioboo from the training on my fb page & also have a small posting on what i learn't on my blog
I totally agree! It's so good to be respected again. Here's to ANOTHER great season.
Belt Parkway Brooklyn New York dangerous at times beware of accidents and Runway Towing! Your motor taken hostage by that tow company
Love this. RT : The message is; advocate for #beer, but let go of the beer advocating. Got it.
LeBron missed the clutch gene and got male pattern baldness instead
haha..I had to throw a few chirps out there
no shes not
Heading to the OM for an job fair. Come visit in the teen lounge!
Cool! I won a laptop in #symantec poker tournament!
no problem(:
Those songs that make you laugh.
Kramerbooks & Poets, Matchbox, or Ted's Bulletin
always stay on your grind
Thanks! Retouched images from the shoot just made it to my computer.
she nice too mee soo why not be nice back!? Youu on tha other hand... Idk what to say!!
ARR is also fired up about Rondy! Starting next Friday, 2/24. The #ANC depot will have model trains and great deals in our gift shop!
That would be great, wonder if some might know what it is? We all hope to see you and Erin soon. Cheers!
Everybody loses. It's the perfect storm.
Most people text when they get drunk... I'm pretty sure instagrams when he's drunk. Hahah
the man is in the building!!!!!
Tm103 in the Stereo.. Grape Swishersweets on Deck
MiniBük enables potent communication but consumes limited resources. Spread your word. www.minubuk.com
AWESOME - HAVE A GREAT EVENT!!!
ready for school to be over smh
The formula for the Shamrock Shake: 1 old pack of spearmint gum + 3 parts pure fat + 1 million parts EBOLA VIRUS. Top with whip cream.
I rather the iphone I've had so many problems with my blackberry I went thru 3 in the past 2 months
LOL i just read this..reminds me of u "My room isn't dirty, I just have everything on display"
You just got bonged.
You're all set! :)
alright and yours?
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)7
A very BIG "Good Morning!" right back atcha!!!
Oh golly. Two against one.
a week holiday was JUST a taste. Everyone was great, the country was beautiful & you drive on the correct side!
.com domains only this weekend $9.49
look for me in the crowd on sunday, ill be the one with the Matty Ice? Mr. Softee sign.
You're pretty!
Sorry if i havent been tweeting so much...been so damn busy. Going to N.H. on Saturday!!
I could have done that!! ;)
Please tell our readers about yourself. Who is Jonathan Maberry?
#DNation MKE coach is getting after it this week! Our #runners are PUMPED as they get their training plan!
I wonder if I can do anything to get to make fun of me at his show tonight. Find us, Tosh!
yeah and red
lol girl u crazy...u paranoid...u got ppl watching u or something? Lol nah dats cool u better get one!!!:-)
...attached to you :)
I'll be staying in Echo Park for the next little while. Maybe I'll interview people in the neighborhood. I kind of love Echo Park.
RT : TOMORROW: 12-1pm E-book Petting Zoo in the Cat Lab. Check out SLIS Lib's new devices & learn how to access e-reader...
what app is that dude?
not yet! I need to!
Need more followers. Shout me out and get a Shout out back. Not even at 500 yet -_-
Remembering the emotional trauma older siblings have caused.....No wonder i'm so fucked up!
How to Play Euchre for Advanced Players : How & When to Pass a Biddable Hand in Euchre
follow her shes cool ss dnt tell her i tweeted this haha LoL ;) :)
Lolololol I don't know, I saw it on Pinterest.
Btw hai twitter (: sory I haven't been on in a long time :/
We can now convert any vehcile to run on cng. some big tax rebates are out there while they last. it's a gas gas
and like 5 of my friends left the room and the rest of us stayed. The guy they were calling gay said he was gonna kill (c)
Ha. I'll go with the US for this example......
Blast Delts today? I started to wear swim shorts to gym since 110 degree inside.
vis-a-vis that Lemley/McKenna article on IP and substitutes: many goods, not just media, are "IP goods." Any goods with a strong brand, e.g.
Bummer. Hope you feel better and enjoy the marathon. :D
city vs u
DO NOT FORGET TO COME TO AND GIG TOMORROW AT DEERING GRANGE 630. AND DID I MENTION IS PLAYING!?!
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
I'm turning in nothing! Ha, but I am reading my article for class. Whoops.
I'm fucking tired of being sick about it. Stand up now and be a man about it...
~ Sängrë by far the best Southern California Metal band to come out of the 90's!
Got the love Jones when he talk. :-)
Thanks for the follow Alan. Let's get in touch.
Tired..I can't hang anymore..my days start early, in return they end early
Prayers said for all. : Tweethearts, Our dog, William is in final stages of congestive heart
Agreed. Losing the Momah appeal and (potentially) Harris doesn't help us out either.
I didn't kill Osama, but I'm gonna get his mamma.
Im so chinnky eyed, that I see people waving on a map
I predict theo and tito are in chicago next season...but what do I know about baseball.
come on let's see more new stuff!!!
Should you get to know the people or business that follow you on twitter . or should you this follow them without cause
LOL! I'm mad because now there's no parking. Yes...it's in a train station parking lot.
Al Sharpton compliments Obama's imagery in the #sotu "The speech was only missing one thing. BLUEBERRY PIE!!!"
I say both those words all day.
please write a book! Your advice makes me happy. Love ya Aub!
Lol, no frosting for my cake in the future :) LOL
Happy Founders Day
*Tickle Tickle* ^.^
what happened
no need to. You know who you are.
NEED A HIT BEAT? GET AT ME
100K!!! I smell world tour!
#WhatHurtsTheMost is when u find out your so call best friend was talkin a hold a bunch crap about u!
and laundry while we're at it..
Lol what I do?
I just did 5000 miles on my Cooper S in two weeks driving from Boston to Florida and back (via Nashville, actually)
Had another great turn out for FNM 40+! Hope to see you all next week to throw down!
Just watched kill it at the Hard Rock in pgh
at 7:30 ? That is when Jerry and I will be back there. If not .. Tell me where U R at 7:30 and we will come there. Ok?
Many thanks to for #ict2dc KSN interview. Likely to air 1/15 at 5pm. Will post link to video when it is up.
Hands on the wheel . Uh uh fuck that.
I feel like going to a big house event! Any coming soon?
Are you a divorce attorney?
We should trend
No one ever said life was easy, but several people did say you were
Tonight:Jim Ripp 6pm Josh Dupont 9pm no cover!
Alright... 20-mile bike ride completed. Time to get back to work saving the world from the forces of evil and complacency!
4 out of maybe 150 bookings we've had were through Sonicbids.
RT : i swear i just saw miss celie in the chambers... #JobsNow [u know u goin. w/gasoline draws & a glass of Shug Avery pee]
RT Character and integrity are not situational. Eventually, truth comes to light. // so good!
In the Milwaukee area? Be sure to check out salon! Great atmosphere & they run fab specials
It is 5:30 in the morning now and I felt like thanking God for what He has already done for me in my life~BAMM.
Let no man despise your youth; but be an example of the believers, in word, in conduct, in love, in spirit, in faith, in purity.Timothy 4:12
true enough indeed.
any word on when you might get out?
I hate when im listening to pandoria and it just cut off like what the truck!!!..
I'm listening to 11:11 right now. This song will NEVER get old :))
Humans are delicious
Told yall I was back to twitter ! At 1 point my tweets were far and between but I C its important to stay in touch wit this network foreal
some nigguh really said whose drake ! nigguh go kill yourself!
i cnt wait til step practice after spring break! i miss it so much!
It sounds delicious!
Wow! thank you so much! you're so sweet
#JonahHill has put a good amount of weight back on since filming
Have you done a #FunFinder event and loved it? Share your experience with us, we'd love to hear it!!
I believe this is a huge lie ;)
Lol stone cold... “: A #Virgo may find you physically attractive but, but that doesn’t mean anything other than that.”
....I cleaned the entire house. & took the dog for a run & now I will do my homework. & it's only 7:38.
#eatingfries #drinkingDrPepper at McDonalds... what a great start to the week! (:
Holy cow! Congratulations!! I've always been a fan of your tweets...
me too I hate when Stephanie Carranza doesn't text back ugh!!! “: I hate when people dont text me back!Now i know how it feels. :(”
#hikeky2012 Day 2: Kentucky River Road Trail > Palisades Trail.
My 2 New Favorite songs Aree.....Overboard,& That should be me by They are the best love songs i heard this year! RT RT RT RT!
There is nothing in this world like being the Daddy of a baby girl.
That's very helpful, thanks! Not sure I could do one as well, but love the idea.
Hello, fellow Rookie! :)
Could the last part of that answer be " .... There is one born every minute" ?
You guys are hilarious. Funny stuff.
Lol. Oh no.
yeahh and shes got JGL falling at her feet! POINT MADE SUNSHINE.
sire hook cpope up with a performance slot for June 23 n if available no bs
-- Tell Me Ya Line Up Of Who The Best From PG to C
lol you silly... I'm down
Amen. RT And give me my damn data (RAW) so I can get someone else's opinion too.
Hi, Brinda. Thanks, you too!
I don't get it...why follow someone who has never tweeted...ever.
we're just a bunch of college grads being spontaneous! Opinion columns, good music, insightful videos and media/tech content!
why not be both? maru the cat with long hair and leather jacket
I want a new hair style :P
Good to know! RT H.F. is the real deal Holyfield.
Word?? You mention me with these cats??? Honored bruh. They are inspire me...especially you fam...
When is the next International Congress, please?
yea that may be
Thanks, but I don't like the taste of spam.
Happy Birthday!! You and I were born in the same year. I'll turn 36 on October 13th!
1 more year till graduation then I can be free...
#Orioles now have the best record in baseball!
You're sweet!
Listening to at
the day of Catherine's movie night lol
"Gelato isn't vegan?" "Milk and eggs, bitch."
Thanks for the follow and for your vote to protect Indy workers and CHILDREN.
If I have to get tested for mono again I'm going to be seriously pissed off!!
you have way too much time on your hands
and come to mine! (: haha
If i can make it here i can make it ANYWHERE I MEAN WHEREEVER
Hello Jodi! We hope you had a nice flight! RT : Hello Chi-town! (@ Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) w/ 122 others)
Which of the 3 undefeated teams have the best chance to finish undefeated?
Bahaha RT : Since we now know that Rosie's killer was Oprah, these #Killing promos have lost some of their zip.
Facebook bought Instagram. Fantastic.
Tomorrow check out at Julia Morgan Ballroom
everyones dead man ur the last man on earth u didnt hear?
Headed to the comedy store in #Hollywood ! Showtime is at 8pm - There are different shows going on so make sure you go to the main room!
“: Maybe Willard Romney's candidacy is just one of his "pranks". Seriously...cover your heads!
i wish i were going to cali. i want warm weather!!!
I had the same problem with Pinterest. Then finals hit and I abandoned it altogether.
That is so sweet Bailey! I'm glad you liked it!!! Any favorite?
it was because I was a junior I bet!
My peace and signs of hope comes in nature
#WOTD: we all hope for this! RT : Just met a 5 year old whose favorite bands are Wilco, Radiohead, and Deathclok
very cool! Man is amazing. Even played killer drums on the first ash ra tempel album. You might like tangerine dream too
There ain't nothing soft about my game.
We were born to make mistakes
Good Times. BTW, how is Tejas? Sounds like things are going well?
We can't believe how great our fans are for sharing our FB iPad Giveaway! Keep them coming! We're well on our way to finding a winner!
One of the worst things that can happen is being ignored by someone you still love <\3
one direction : you have a crush on busted? : not a crush.. more like a gidy feeling XD
*delaney in her sleep* Laney- Hey... Did they redecorate? Me- what? Laney- shut up, Im not on my DS. :D
¡Gracias, for helping us spread the word!
Thanks for the RT. BTW - Love the Meatless Monday pairings column!
Class may not be gettin out early but darn if I'm staying the whole time.
Correct! Pls DM your address so we can send the tix to you. RT : James Darrell Edwards I
Right on. See you soon.
What a good game! So glad I didn't care about it! Lol Blue on blue it is.
Robert Parker for co-rec IM soccer MVP
Immigrant justice clinic students at the National Press Club getting ready to release collaborative report examining DC Language Access Act
“Why wait to have a problem to have someone to solve it?” -
We are always accepting apps, send your stuff over to and we will get back to you if you're a fit!
listening to Chopin. It's great for #MyHealth and yours. #music is #food for the
Tomorrow night is our first Wing Night. Who can eat the most?
same to you
Congrats on the MI Emmy nomination Fubble Entertainment LLC! Backstage Drama feeling the love.
Rubbing your eyes can lead to scratches and other damage. If you have something in your eye, rinse it with clean, pure water or eyewash.
haha sweet :D
TA LOCO, EL GEORGE :)
Who wants Google + Invites?
Q4 I want to try the pearlescent colors. I love a little shimmer
RT : Good morning from Sedona; Good Morning from CT!
The Red, Black & Blonde ATX premiere at the Alamo S. Lamar Oct 18th 7:30 Please join us!!!
We love animals - we can make their medication into a treat that they will enjoy. Don't make them take pills if they don't have to!
Looking for a new headshot photographer & going through my 103-page comedy. Hopefully, printing it out will give me some new eyes.
enjoyin miami weather!
If you didn't believe us before that the show is a partying good time, this week we have joining us! WED 8P!
True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love doesn't have an ending.
#IfIWasDatingOneOfTheDirectionBoys it would be Niall . Because hes such a sweet heart (: And hes is kindhearted<3333
haha once is enough - we suck lol
Good thought to start off the week!
In 2011, impacted 901 girls with the support of 271 adult volunteers in Madison Co. DM if you have other ??
lol yeah no that's def. not it...
OKC! Thats how you close out a quarter!
I'm a bit like Mitchell Johnson in that my bowling surprises no one more than me.
Good conversion!
Just waiting for pretty little liars and make it or break it come on
I loved ur post! Ur surroundings have a HUGE impact on ur mind, body & soul Zen Habits posted about this recently check it out!
IKR I just heard a week ago that #RayJ and #WhitneyHouston might be close with each other now this....
Someone walk home from work with me tomorrow night. It's supposed to be 76! (and is too busy)
Hey this is Jordan Gisler add me!
ok secret safe with me
I missed the show! :( When is the next one. I loved when u all had me on as a guest!
Though the #Mariners occasionally hit the ball with bat, the baserunner does not move.
You didn't cheat did you? :) You got it! DM your address.
just got censored by ...beware this management team and do not buy into this group ......
Awww Im Sorry,,Im Tired So Im Just Like Falling Asleep :)
When someone asks me what my goal in life is, i always say "i just wanna be happy."
went to iHop with this morning!
Is virtue a thing remote I wish to be virtuous, and lo Virtue is at hand.
Key can you PM me your email or phone?
I shall greet all of my clients with the Beast Mode tomorrow...
doing dishes, entertaining cats, going out to for lunch, twittering the afternoon away - yes, it's #procrastination!
Texas lege freaks out AGAIN...tell me, just how hard is it to emigrate to Denmark?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Wanna do my homework?!
Yes it ties into monthly mobile Apps series. Also choose app (cooking or other) based on topic/audience.
Does emailing her, texting her, tweeting her, facebook post her, skype her, or digg her count?
you still have some? I thought they would be gone by now
Sunday Night call in show from 6-8pm tomorrow will have The BIG 3 in studio - Rakes, Troutman, Willis. Be sure to tune in!
Thanks for sharing our newsletter. I appreciate your support.
I'm on the opposite side of the states! Portland, OR. So sad =(
time to workout
i wanna live in a country where sneezing in someone's face is customary
"WOW! (gasp) And why do I spend (gasp) an hour kick boxing (gasp)?" An hour sounds more impressive than 4 minutes Tawny :-).
I love you
[Prov18:21+Num14:28+Isa57:19] Let's consciously choose to not speak negative words which turn our mouths into weapons of self-destruction.
it was good...original.
Hey Man! ;3
"the data devil" >:-) RT "the data devil"
Have you guys checked out 's sale yet?! Really great deals :)
Okay I'm for real going to sleep now. Damn Michi lol
Newark's Best Kept Secret...El Pastor Patio!!! Party!!!
& watch in Scorcese's King of Comedy. Brilliant & so cray!
"Hey Huey... what are you doing Saturday afternoon?"
Throwing up constantly <
Raven Symone what?
Thanks - loved your recipe for lasagna rolls! Great for holiday party! #TisTheSeason!
Finished my Justin Bieber thingie.
haha and he looked high as hell!
There is a big conflict btwn what we crave and how we live. P3's provide an opportunity to discern what's right for a community.
Because it will give you the shits or your money back! Yo Quero runs?! - I love Chris so hard right now.
Happy birthday to one of the best !
wat club's should i hit this week got 4 outfits for the week
Went to the kitchen to look fora few different food items to try ...
On TUesday Aug 7th wrestling will once again be at the Warren County fair. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Ed served several years as senior practice leader in Arthur Young's (Ernst & Young) Southwest Strategic Management Consulting Practice.
Caterina Scorsone is killing me right now.
Things you generally don't want to hear from your doctor: "There's an abnormality in your EKG results."
Public service announcement for procrastinators: Do your taxes!
thank you!
Julius Caesar, Henry II and Napoleon all had a fear of cats (ailurophobia), and would nearly faint in the presence of a cat.
It's time to play the music! It's time to light the lights! t's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight!
Cositah! I love you :) I love you so much ^-^
Great. Now neither team will win. RT : Senior Bowl to hire former Browns GM Phil Savage as Executice Director.
M the Brad is like "Riverwest Stein on steroids" - Brad
Please speak on Homosexuality
Please... Do NOT zoned me out.
what u did loser I miss u dumbass haven't talk to u in a while
Watching JUst for Laughs LMAO
lol yea ur right. Guess there's no way around that. Hoes will never disappear, smh lol
thank you!
tell Lohan her hair is too blonde...p.s. love the hashtag game!
I really enjoyed the big win, but refrained from burning any couches. Go Cats! BTW, did you know that Dr. John has a new CD out?
RT <U+275D>We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.<U+275E> Satchel Paige #quote~~~ so play ball
I love the new twitter layout. It gives me inspiration to tweet again.
OH: Look for people who seek the truth, and run from the ones who claim to have it.
I would but it's so hard for him to get your tweets cause theres alot of people that tweet him lol.
Great day of drinking!!!
I've done it before, although... i may have been a little drunk when I did. :)
text me
m french toast for breakfast with a side of coffee :) only 44 more days till Spenc is due today is shaping up to be an awesome Tuesday !
So impressed with the fantastic work has done this semester. Seniors, you will be greatly missed.
beer is a hell of a good start haha
Wow. RT A swarm of micro-quadcopters j.mp/zn6zI8
I want to meet him so badly!!
unbelievable stat
thanks for the invite! Lol
see you there sir! I'm gonna work hard getting out there... Can't we have her boss "make her go?" Lol!
combination of automatic cuts and expiration of Bush tax cuts will solve deficit issues. Doing nothing is the best solution!
I've seen The Avengers three times this weekend. I may have one more viewing in me before I'll be ready to let it go till BluRay.
Madonna to perform At halftime!???? Now that's what I'm talking about! Long live the Queen of pop!
I was young and inlove I gave you everything but it wasn't enough..
Why are all these tweets so relevant!? :O
#alphamale burns himself while trying to cook.
Made first decision today on wedding to do list.... Colors =check
Got to help out with editing Rocky Robbins new CD tonight with Tom Tucker, Ricky Peterson and Rocky Robbins. Great night with great people.
I know right. I am too, but no matter what I'll keep myself in check because of his age. I respect that.
So jealous of this!
Congrats on ur #Chiefs knocking off the Pack! Somewhere Mercury Morris is popping a bottle of Champagne.
RT People are born. People die. MCA lived.
of course!!
Your damned if you do and your damned if you don't.
Idk why that pissed me off but it did grow up your like 4 years older then me.
Thank you so much for the hanger idea for your "Hanger" idea! I am so on board!Thank you to 4 giving the heads up!
People really sending death threats to ticket master on my TL lmao
wish I could have seen that!
I loved the pic of you with the kids. Very brave. You know me.. There's no way I'd sign up for that!!
To whom much is given, much is required
Holy cow it's beautiful outside. Great weather for the grill party! Yay!
Franks Red Hot Sauce... I put that shit on everything
thank you! :)
Fed up with your pet's food being recalled? www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
I lived in NYC for 3.5 years & never received mail from , as soon as I move back to SF, I end up on their mailing list.
#Blackhawks rocking some sick camo jerseys tonight. Take note San Diego, this is called pulling it off
In my feelings right now....one of the realist yet meanest thought just crossed my mine
It's way to early.
I take naps...
I know where you can get a lot of perfectly good (well, a little dried out) Xmas trees FOR FREE!
calm down
Good point. 2am is my usual time for sleep.
RT : the actual file & folder structure helps us understand meanings of a text
yes very beautiful! an amazing place :)
Had a good week,but i think i failed my math final :(
MAX DELAYS: Equipment is blocking the tracks at the Lloyd Center, expect delays. Shuttle buses in use
A hearty congratulations to Steve "Saz" Sazama for being named Southern Wisconsin Restaurant Association's Restauranteur of the year!
Miss a beat, lose the rhythm.
Happy New Year and Wishing you all the best for 2011
I have lemon parties
Tough seeing Matt Kemp go on the DL, but it is worth making sure he stays healthy. Ok timing with #Dodgers huge division lead
That happens sometimes... that's why there's a November every 12 months! You'll get it next time! :)
u should get an Emmy for your role on glee
Happy New Year to everyone. This is a leep year so we get one extra day. Hope we use it wisely.
and a sandwich! : How to please a man - Show up naked. Bring beer.<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>”
neva mind. I had to change the chanel. Lakers playing like shit at home.
home again?
Damn missed the game , I wonder who won ? Hope its good news
that's why I took your love away
(Prosthetic hand Morgan Freeman)
Having a meeting about World IPv6 Day. Or as its known in Eastern Europe, Christmas.
RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
This #Rangers #Capitals game sponsored by Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts & every coffee co worldwide to get you through your sleepy day tomorrow
Good thing I'm not sleeping tonight. I'll keep one on the yard.
Weems Gallery in #ABQ had 3 sculptures stolen today. 2 bronzes by Burzillo, 1 by B. Girard. The thieves are trying to sell them now.
3 months today with the best boy anyone could ask for ; <3
Listening to Kate Nash, who wants me to stop being a dickhead
My boy did his thing on the Voice
#ICantStandPeopleWho claim they down wit you through whatever then when the time comes to be there for you they're no where to be found
Thanks for the ride fellas! Hope not hokes.
well the rittenhaus is not exactly...cheap but they do give you champagne and chocolate covered strawberries when you check in.
When they say "time will tell" they really meant time will tell you about people, give them time and they will tell you who they really are
Can you DM an email address I can send some info we want you to have?
laying in bed. thinkin like i always do
Anyone hear of the"family farm" in oz? This could be roots new farm. What a great combo.
I love how my parents KNOW that have a performance and they don't wake me up when im sleeping on the couch -.- bitches :p
Colbert Report mystery. PR gimmick or personal crisis? Poorly handled of the latter. Brilliant if the former. Jumped the shark?
Plans for Negril - New Years Eve 2013 are slowly happening. Who's coming?
Be sure that you are maintaining HR records as required! If not, this could be very costly for your Company.
haha im crazy obsessed sorry if i annoy you with my tweets ;)
I just bought my Platinum badge for ! Couldn't be more excited 2 take in all Interactive & Music industry talk!! CantWait
M the scent on the la'I skirts of Palau Keali'I o na lani is so nice
sure(: followed and thanks for following me <3
Ha a few glitter mishaps lol but our poster is pretty snazzy(:
got a call today from your hood...looking for some of the Voivoda plum, pear and quince brandies you tasted.
7 hour class in the morning!
Hope Federer plays better than Clijsters.
will do!! :) please check out our songs on Facebook and give us a like!! Thanks :)
- awesome list!
OMG where is my hw...I am freaking out!
How much u wanna bet that at the Billboards their gunna leave Justins performnce til the very end because they know we wont stop watchin -.-
I yell at random people in hallways
Lol I might have the pregnant swag juming for the summer
aw <3 I LOVE YOU!!! "WELCOME TO THE GRILLED CHEESE ACADEMY"
Dunno. Didn't like the coat, either. My problem is that while she should be glamorous ALWAYS, her clothes should be practical.
Stop by the booth #1503 as we will be discussing "#Dell's Product & Profitable Analytics" You could win a $25 gift card!
Thanks for the FF!
Q: Where can you go to get all-you-can-eat BBQ and unlimited beer? A: Duh, the Great Heartland Cookout (heartlandcookout.org)
Saw Greg Oden at the humane society today, the dogs he looked at were the size of his hand
That txt i just got << :(
Lmao, I would be blowing up 's inbox at this moment...
What Patrick be smoking ?
Definitely! You should catch us in Boston on April 1st:)
This is happening: tour field trip. Tuesday. Thanks to & My scholars are gonna love it.
New York New York .... On my way!!!
TECHNOLOGY BREAKS.......PAINT DOES NOT BREAK.
yep -- our stopped working after last big upgrade. As says, believe it had to do w/db structure.
i'm dying to talk to you, but i'm waiting for you to text me first.
Cool & listening to music !!
This example is 10 rules and only had 10 slides and were consistent look. 60 minute webinar spoke 10 minutes per webinar
eyebrow plucking hurts like a bitch
I got SO excited when I saw you in a POP magazine today...& I totally freaked out in the middle of the store!!!:)
My neck is so busted right now that I can't hold the phone to my ear with my shoulder. This is making multitasking very difficult.
this bores me..is anyone up for a game of basketball ? *prince voice*
Took too long to load.
Hi Jawar...hope all is well with you. LTNS
#PositiveTweet “: When life gives you lemonade... add VODKA!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>”
That is never too often repeated, which is never sufficiently learned. ~ Seneca
Wish the police could have been more on the ball and set up a dummy home phone # for the zimmerman case
It's something you have to try to even comprehend how well it works.
Oh THEM! (PRO). I love them! This will be my 4th, so I'll see you guys out there, at the beginning anyway. Training up two noobies.
Never again. Screw youu
on will be providing an Irish menu complete w/ wonderful recipes for all our parade fans! Check it out this Wednesday
RUBIE TUESDAY AT LAUGHING BUDDHA! TWO PIERCINGS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE! WITH RUBEN 11AM-8:40PM! COME ON DOWN!
I can't eat without TV.. lol
Nice testimonial: "App in Seconds is the missing link in mobile app development" Sam Collins, Eventasaurus. Thanks Sam!!!
First Barcelona closes and now Primebar. Where will the $30k "millionaires" go next?
Would much rather be sitting with Tyler right now
Been a long week. Trucks, vendors, wood... furniture world. Feels like an uptick. Thanksgiving and Christmas rush here we come! Weekend.
Am thinking about one thing to master in my life, and I'm wondering how hard it would be to master just "being well." Is that too broad?
“: If ease of use was the only requirement, we would all be riding tricycles. ~ Douglas Engelbart” what would be so wrong w/ that??
": prayers and hugs to you...."Thank you so much Love <U+2665>
Lol.... I never even got on twitter until #oomf followed me.
Simple tonight. Grilled free range chicken, grilled red peppers, and couscous.
If they would have put the one up where I had my penis hanging out of my shorts, I would have bought it!
we r just that cool
#ThunderOverLouisville weather lookin better. AM clouds, PM sun. High 62. You two should come!
Just received invitation to awards night for Macy on 16th. We may have slight problem- have 2 be at school by 6:30p. Sigh.
Mark 3/3/2011 for Fresh's next social media conference in Seattle at CenturyLink Events Center with an incredible line-up & a VIP keynote!
Sure, I'll give you a call a few minutes after 10.
Get yo big head a** out the car & come on nigga!!
go to the gym with me that early before heading to the Isle
I want to give you the Gas Card. No winner tonight. Saturday's Ten at 10:00 is now $150.
#bestfriendtelepathy . it's bad, Chris.
Thanks Karen! I'll try to get a sitter so I can make it!
Busted guy taking pic of lamb testicles What's up with that?
Hey staunch Christians who say Jesus is the reason for the season. Jesus' birthday wasn't actually in December, so remember that.
want to capture your audiences attention-design content to engage all 3 learning styles; auditory, visual and kinesthetic. Home run combo!
You have to first have a soul of your own if you want to find your soulmate.
going out soon! Ill ttyl!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
executive chair reviews | Why Did the US Invade Iraq in 2003? A ...
its over already? Weak.
Sheldon is my favorite.
THANK GOD. What on earth would we do without Lil Wayne?
Always use your business name, and make sure it's the same every time you use it.
It's the beard, Ron. No one can stand that damn beard.
Global Consumer Electronics Industry
these old fucks
The last day of my 2nd album pre-production session is going very well. Be on the look out for the single and eventually the album!
No one is defending rape. I think you may have missed the point.
Just did the announcements at school and I'm not gonna lie I was
Yes, but not now - on the phone.
Im so
You mean that little voice inside never goes away?! : ) I hope you had a blast and congratulations...it looks like fun!
Derrick Williams=franchise player :)| @
Digging through a competitive review of HD video cam manufacturers. Amazing to see the wasted marcomm dollars.
At least one person gets it!
I'm praying that God will allow me to have the focus to work on my own projects this year.
next Friday
thought you were putting out song?!
You came to my life from heaven and now I think of u 24_7
There's a house at the end of my street that people will purposely pass by and honk at. It's kind of funny most days. Not when I'm asleep.
lmao yeas I was looking at this pic the other day hahahahaha
The #mullenunbound strategy/analytics department would go hog wild for these
What a dummy
I love you Jill!
my wife loves her 11" MBA, it's too small for my eyes, though. I'm waiting to replace 6.5-yo laptop with next-gen 13 or 15" MBA
#ThingsIReallyCantStand.. everyone within 100 ft of me.
I like the idea of a Kamara-Bunbury-Sapong front line...
okay :/ but girl this school in ny is wack. I'm looking at other places now.
ahahah !ladies ,out watch !!!manhattan lower and hoboken of all attacking...
Yeah, the kind of no collar-collar. And Peggy is from those Discover commercials. Peggy of the Bill Cosby sweaters.
when I teach my students about it they never believe me
Ha, nice pun!:) & YES, great day to play today! Enjoy the Sun!! RT :
Heavy rain is done. Light rain/sprinkles for a few more hours. Skies clear this afternoon. HIGH 72. Fog develops tonight. Lows in the 50s.
Gym Flow...
I didn't know narrated
“: NHL has hired Sully Sullenberger to pilot the media charter fight, MSG to the Rock. Seat belts, swim trunks.”
I BEEN OFF THAT DREAM CHASER MIXTAPE EVERYDAY I GOTTA DO A SONG WITH HIM &
Tried to go down a one way street. Whoops.
Yah they don't always like it when I call their country "Canuckistan" either.
watching the baskeball wives then bad girls club!
Social Media Power Player #SMPP is changing my life & it hasn't even started yet! Think I'm getting a new dream
using mums fake tan just because it smells so good
I officially have poo on my skirt
or a NYer
I feel your pain.
Absolutely! So great to see you - have a great time in Long Beach and definitely let me know when you're back. Good luck to GR!
I missed 11:11. Oh well I'll just wait 100 years
Completely understood...
Loving it out here in Chicago
Why do guys wear belts and sag their pants at the same time?? This truly puzzles me.
ha! it's a great movie and I know a lot of guys who like it! I love love love the song with this scene ;)
alright peace i gotta go to work
Shop around when looking for bigger ticket items. Let salespeople know what deals you've found so they can match or beat other offers.
Thanks for following us!. Great cause!
That horrible moment you realize you deleted a draft you really needed....
Rey, watch your blood pressure.
We have a few beta tester slots open for the up-coming point release. Email us at if you are interested.
I say it all the time..?
#Palko is trying to compete with #Brady for most passes to the #Patriots tonight
good luck Charlie.. (: lol
I thought yesterday was a good day, today is even better! God is good! :
We have six left. Rt: : Now I really want a cupcake."
Got a lot accomplished today! Still wasn't able to complete my WHOLE "to do" list.
to you and me, no he doesn't look cold. But, to middle America, he's facts and figures. McCain is all sweet anecdotes.
Hiking with <33 :)
Let's walk it up the floor with 7 seconds left. Incredible...
dam no internet and every one says fuck you
Thanks for joining us! RT Good times at all your happy hour properties!
#3WordsForYou You're really attractive
I've never seen an unattractive pedicab driver in this town (either gender) but the wonder woman costume is a nice touch.
NNL* stat today re: Pujols going 37 consecutive ABs w/out a HR 28 other times in his career (including 105 last spring) was legit
I definitely feel like I lost a friend today... :((((
It feels like a summer morning outside!!
“: Hey #p2 times economy saw most growth were under Coolidge, Bush & Reagan. That's a fact you cannot dispute.” R U sure?
My bro knows him, were on EFF board together. His work is fascinating, outside my expertise, but worth struggling through.
u be on your grind like pair of inline skates
think about my ex and i tear up :l whats wrong with me?
Way to go, Sarah! :-D
Stop in and see Jed right now, he has free tickets to give away to see Steve Aoki at 8pm at the Rave TONIGHT !!!
School is just as important as familiy.
RT: why do many co's only respond to cust yelling, blogging, tweeting, etc.?
Good Luck!!
I can't believe its already march next week.. Time flies too quick!
I know! Im just so....SO JEALOUS!!... I wish you could get his autograph for me if he was there this year!
Do you like ?<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> They come out in #AmericasBestDanceCrew <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> I love you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>Do you like reading books?<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I smell a new commercial!
I thought it was the guy who spent just under $10,000 of taxpayer dollars on a critically flawed pothole reporting app.
Come check out Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
thank you!! God bless!!!!
But men are old and not hot, I'd prefer a super hot guy ": A boy will tell you that he loves you but a real man will show it."
HA HA! Actually laid down decent rhythm tracks for "Happy Birthday" song. It doesn't sound anything like the Happy Birthday song you sing...
With Prince out of the equation lets lock up V.Guerrero on a 1 year deal to DH, and take a gamble on Yoenis Cespedes-
Draft day. Let the wheeling and dealing begin!
wow ... i know freebird is a longer song, but that must've been a short run :)
hahahahaha, she makes me laugh;-)
instead of Youk, Pedey appears to be the target in this one
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!
Sitting here once more doing homework I ready for finals next week... hyped about UK vs UNC
Have watched a ton of football since moving to San Diego
That awkward moment when u knock on door and youu spin me right round is playiing repeat and full blast
Hey man, let me know how it is!
watching friday Smackdown
Bitches lying on me
Any tour plans for Chi-town?
I was born an American I will live an American I shall die an American.
I vote Uncommon Grounds.
It's a game of runs. Hope #CLIPPERS can RUN the stuff out of #Memphis tomorrow!!!
And its hurts but I guess its for the better .
Who else is ready for the #Nats season to get undeway?
2 hours till the weekend... for me anyways
yep. I mean you have been the last couple of years.
It's so nice outside. :-)
Mastering a couple live singles for Joey Stuckey today. Various client website updates today to.
I love you.
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
something ghoulish. a vampire or a zombie or a mummy.. or Frankenstein and his wife!
Missed my last 2 workout days. Now to get back on track!
I don't get it
God is something else. I was just thinking about sending u a message. Wow, really??? That is great! I can't wait to hear!
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the mention. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
follow where I'll be participating in #Motorama LIVE talking about the Scion FR-S and Texas Auto Roundup!
challenge #LadyHeroes winner Senator Grothman to debate #waronwomen. Encourage him to defend title
Gorgeous day and great game by Florida. Fighting through DC traffic on the way back to Bmore.
Today was cool until i calld my mom back dr kinsman can suck it
Yea were you watching it too?
we were in Tamarindo/ Playa Grande... that place is too fucking amazing. Are you going down there?
Friend suggested when overwhelmed w/ cleaning,tasks,etc: give it 14 mins a day as to not be overwhelmed - been doing w/ yoga in am=happy.
beta for what?? Im kinda interested.
Have a great weekend!! :-)
Pattillo with the dunk...Jam leads the Energy 28-20 going into the second quarter
One week seriously cannot come fast enough
The 305 is good man. How's PA? You still w/ the USTA? RT : What's good Boris? How is the 305 treating you?
happy birthday!
ATTENTION TWITTER: Please refrain from making Sam Hurd/ "The Wire" jokes. I have never seen that show and I don't get the jokes. Thanks
Madison, WI, USA
Special thanks to Mark Keefe at for emceeing at ! "Don't drink and Trike!"
#duh #cousins4ever help me name her??? If we decide it's a she lol
There's this Wharton guy around town.
I'm not totally useless.... I can be used as a bad example;)
I hear you, doesn't get any better than the jewel events. Have a great weekend!
Simplicity is my ferocity. its my laid back personality that cuts so deep
Fairness and Equality was one of them..only second to Shakespeare and Religion...:)
are you en route to SXSW in the minivan?
imissyouuu to :D
": When boys are proud to be your boyfriend. <U+2665>"
On October 7, 1849, Hoosier poet James Whitcomb Riley was born. "When the frost is on the punkin..."
i really appreciate it, but
Pittsburgh we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
hey the Sunday 9p show at the Lex Venue is official. Bring your crew.
Do not like this storm.
Wanted to invite you to a party Friday night. Please DM me a good email address.
Did Darling Niki and Westley hook up last night? They had a date. She got home.. late.. ?? I hope they dish the dirt on our blog soon!
Gov #Brown's initiative is good start but not enough, Bill Freeman, SD Education Association.
Don't worry luv,I'm only teasing....
The 10 is screwed, in case you were wondering.
I could swear to god today was friday the 13th.
it is cold in NY... Bring on that Miami Heat!
Appreciate the efforts of & of running #chidatadive—met *even more* great civic-minded Chicago nerds
signing off the air waves with with the and only Paulie Rocco Good night! See you next sunday!
Can I have one? Please (;
Hi Aaron. Thank you. Please contact us for details.
i need the Hunger Games Movies ryt now!
I agree that social media can't be described as simply a "tool", but affordances are still something about (and beyond) "tools"
How many people from your team (if any) are at #CES this week? What other trade shows do you have plans for this year?
Warm me up with your lips. Heart to heart, melt me down. It's too cold in this town.
Media can be good They also have big memory bank. They are going to ask their Q's eventually. So get it over w/
everyone's a self-promoter...there are probably oil paintings of him too.
I fucking hate Ottawa.
Checking all my messages!
G'Morn
I love pot.
Octomom Files for Bankruptcy
OMG!!!!!! THEIR DOING THE HARRY POTTER SONG!!!!!!!!! KILL ME NOW!! OH MY GOSH <333333
": "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." — Dale Carnegie"
Absolutely Send an email with your interest and we'll contact you soon!
Orchestra performing with conductor Alain Lombard
1) Race is complicated PRECISELY BECAUSE it is made up, constructed, arbitrary, and shifting - yet still powerfully constant, and ... (2/3)
What went wrong? u tell us tomorrow
Watching conversation but on the road. Know there has been discussion, can't put finger on it right now
$alute gm tweeps! Thanks for the continue support,we are beyond grateful.We have have something major on the way.
It's also cheaper for my kids to buy me gifts! They can get them all tomorrow for 1/2 off and give them to me next week!
Never give up on your team, people. We're still alive!
Kicking goals in the butt kind of day!
I like your movie tastes! Ride the High Country, Sullivan's Travels, Foreign Correspondent....
Coochy coo! RT There are some rumors that Romney's team is secretly vetting Charro for the V.P. spot.
iknow all u spurs fans are hoping for another ring during this shortened season...#think again ,not gone happn heat king the james
club tomorrow ! <3 this has been the craziest week , like ever !
I enjoy writing letters c: .
We're going to Candyland!
Thanks for following me back. I love your music. What is your youtube?
I just gave my mom +K for Mother's Day. No need to buy a thing!
walikn towards u
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people. NO!
I am glad that there are is not a penalty for excessive celebration in life.
Evil Alliance mascot?
Nah fuck that, Butters ftw! C:
econ and stats now
is it true that it will be over $450 a ticket?
#iusedtothink that American Idol would be on top forever and that Chris Brown was cute. Awkward...
Oh for heaven's sake - do those ridiculous little text ads that pop up in you-tube videos make anyone any fucking money?!
We've been a bit MIA recently. (Busy building the new site, which should be live soon!) What's new in the #photography Twitter world?
& then they (black women who are on the reality tv) become angry because they are labeled as an "Angry Ass Black Woman"
Nothing is ever on the radio anymore:/
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
Got notice at 4:30pm last night that there is an award ceremony at 9am @ the boys school today- did some calendar shuffling
If leaves anything out, there are plenty of pilgrimage tweeps who might be willing to fill you in. ;^)
Ed Sheeran. Triple platinum album. Best male solo artist Brit winner. I love you.
Why wait another minute for something we shoulda done yesterday <U+2661>
New bike stuff: riding shoes, headlight and orange triangle for my backpack!
they call me heat meiser
So excited rn. Importing into iTunes. Then put on iPod, then sit with headphones and cry.
its never good 2 have high expectations cause when things dont work out u feel like shit & the way my days ending i wish friday wouldnt come
I look good... #Anchorman is on.
"It graves me that you have less honor than a back-alley whore." You give him that sass Sir Rodrick!
how have you been?
You know you really care about someone if their mood affects yours.
working? If so, until when?
i just brunt the Shit out my thigh
RT : Here's what we're doing, people: I offer you free GOTHAM-themed booze and books. Enter your book club. I hate thirst....
took u long enoff. Damn. Lol
Mixing, mixing, mixing. I'm never done mixing...
Let's assume for the sake of argument we're talking about people you haven't heard yet...
Your home is part of your history - the memories will travel w/ you. Just imagine what memories your next home will bring!
Last day tomorrow, then it's Spring Break!!! I hope "this" goes well! Last thing I need is a big fat C on my grade
#VSCPA Just finished blog post on emotional intelligence for VSCPA blog. Looking forward to Leader's Summit next week!
I love when rappers name drop designers.
ah poor rose ):
What would you put at the top of your list of must-do/must-visit sites in California?
lack of fake blood running out your nose there...
Can we get a RT for complimentary new #ShockTopWheatIPA at Bucks on Regent tonight from 6-8pm? Hopefully you can make it!
#ConfessionNight tips.. If she considers you like a brother, don't event try. Seal lyrics are 9/10 as cool as they sound, and never give up.
I love my sister she always there for me
You know it's Hump Day when your cubicle feels like a padded cell without a door!
Make sure you really want to be a speaker and info marketer. Work you love will make it easier to create the success you deserve.
i hear u lol what mall u near
how can we get some visibility from Fox to show how much we appreciate our teachers?
S/O to the beautiful <<<<< FUCKING GORGEOUS
RT : On my way to Philly to represent at #Phorum12. Will be in the 3:45pm panel about new enterprise models.
To prevent future issues like it, yeah, it does need to be seen.
Relocation of BMW Guggenheim Lab from Kreuzberg to Prenzlauer Berg almost too poetic.
It was a pleasure meeting you at the Tweet Up.
I love smiling too
what flowers do you have tattooed on your arm??
Its better to be unhappy alone than w/ someone else. . .
Still reeling from all the #NFL news today. Holy hanabells.....
Ya'll should follow my other account (: ASK ME TO FOLLOW BACk!<3
<.< >.> Of course I did, me so sowwy Dwirty Dwiana
true“: Everything is funny..........until it's you.”
09 Duckhorn Migration #Chardonnay. Vanilla cream nose. Melon, good acid, very (too) buttery. Neither complex nor subtle. 87 pts
Not to be rude but that kind of personal, but if you need to know he was a egotisical a**hole and a beater.
Apparently dressing like a lesbian is the new style for girls.
It's still not to late to check out our brand new song! www.byejune.com
Ah cool. What do you teach? If you have any ideas about getting more involvement b/w students and the tech community I'm all ears
US Open Tennis, a pool and BBQ made for an amazing Labor Day weekend!!
Driving my Jeep into giant mud puddles never gets old.
fuckin' tweet limit
Yardsale @ clark high school. There selling whole bunch of girl stuff so go check it out!
hockey game tonight :)
ahead of your time--keep it up and keep the evidence of your work!
Have some "fresh" and delish veggie lasagna MREs with your names on them...
Currently waiting on the BGC Vegas reunion. I'm ready to see Camille whoop everybody.
when you stand 3 feet away from the next person in line at the cafe, how am I to know you're actually in line? People aren't that scary..
Feeling unordinary today... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
GO, !! Loved watching you win!
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
This week at the shop: New art up by Dawn Currie and Joyce Athey! Shep Gold on Friday night from 7-830. We'll be closing early Saturday.
Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. Lets all do our part to visit local wine shops, restaurants and markets in our area!!
#MisterFister has been straight filthy
He may not believe me.
we're on it. thanks for the heads up!
Congrats on the new Facebook page!
One of my fav person just came over and just made the rest of my night.can't wait to see her tomorrow!
I guess the universe has a sick sense of humor. Go Pats!
I'm just smoking in this liquor drinking on this weed had to pop a molley just so I can go to sleep
I know...Penguin has to add that and the rest of the info!
Ask me about membership to the club.
Tonight was light our bill was still a few racks
next month
M Ghostland Observatory.
lmao!! Shut up dude
5$ho thanks fam. I checked it out nice tracks lets wrk.
I did wonder how people would react to the changes as I added quite a bit of material
So is that a negafive? is sold out and were dyin to go! Help! RT : reserve 2 tickets for us?!
Laughing at THAT visual. I'm not Canadian though so he would be biased against me I'm sure.
good!...now get to sleep!
no no no. I got my sunglasses a suede.
Leslie's campaign sign is the fucking best.
I saw a pretty decent lesson today but held up to the #nysut rubric didn't score well
bathroom floor is done and kitchen floor is done..babies just went down for a nap so taking a minute to figure out what to do next...
Horrible call
My legs are asleep D: FUUUUUUUUUU
I want Saturday back <3
Give your breakfast routine a boost.Get energized with burrito rollers and an energy drink from #7-Eleven every morning!!
Rehearsals were smashing tonight these Pogue's tunes are comin along nicely..banjo an all..
how you been since you never hit me up no mo'
Anyone else experiencing AT&T outage? I got nada on any phone
forget that...lol
I may or may not have just sneered at someone wearing a Blue Jays 1992 World Series champs sweater.
He Already Know My Answer Anyway
Ever listen to a band called 5-8? I would love to get 140 char of your thoughts, if you have! PS Don't miss DeLuna next year!
I'd like to send out a very special "Happy Birthday" to my girl, May all your wishes come true this year, and more! <3
“ Everybody want somebody else realtionship thats the reason they not lasting”
Hit Estee Lauder counters thursday from 5 - 9 pm for free 7 day sample of advanced night repair synchronized recovery complex.
Today should be an interesting day . Hello restless Wednesday.
The team is exciting that's for sure, good things seem to be coming
Thanks for the tweet of my post
I wish I could just start a 5885435 year long tour.
I hate overtime so much...
Danielle playing in a spring tournament this weekend.
haha i know kinda sucks! but no problem!!!
we will be there in full force!
I should have kissed Paul
Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it foregoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury. ~ E. H. Chapin
You had your chance; you blew it.</3
thank you : )
Yeah I'm so graceful and elegant that I just fell out of my chair. Almost but not quite as good when the couch bruised my left butt cheek.
Are you a fairly new company and strapped for cash? Consider factoring your accounts receivable!
sapree in my sisters car listening to Vietnamese music lmfaoo!!
a rabbit?! lol that's what you think i look like?
At meeting #Boston w #branding the focus.
what's good fam I'm bout to pick up Moët and some Bombay for this thirsty day RT “: Yo My G Whats Poppin”
peace bro I really appreciate ur work, thoughts, ideas I heard on the NAC show. Will be looking for the book!
- I think you would like Korean escargot - it's more like clam than stinky snail :) cc
Would anyone watch cover videos of Ascension and/or Look to the Stars? We could make them...it wouldn't be too much to ask.
whatsup guys?! tweet me!
I hate it when It wont let me retweet people
I'm at Fremont Coffee Company (459 N 36th St, btw Dayton Ave N and Francis Ave N, Seattle).
lemme know, I've got a lot of stuff to sell, too.
thank you for working so hard for us :) <3 You are AMAZINGG
- Hey Buffalo Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
Please RT our previous two messages to spread the word! Thanks!
I wanna take a long nap. Like 5 or 6 hours long. Those are the best.
I CAN'T CONTROL MY CRIES!
called "the queen of accidental businesses", most key achievements emerged as side projects
"I can...take you wonder by wonder--over, sideways, and under." Damn. Disney's dirty
Hmm...yet again I've stepped into the pile of horse pucky that is critical theory and cultural studies.
Ecc 10:19 A feast is made for laughter, And wine makes merry; But money answers everything.
No way my friend!
oh i know right! He's my idol lol i'm jealous that he called you! :p
Love it! We've definitely caught Gosling fever at the IMA!
it would be cute if 'Lucas' gave you mothers day present in real life!(: he is so cute!
following up my previous post, "husband" does have another meaning in British English. uh.... never forget about a dictionary.
Tanning outside aye
Whitney Houston died. Kinda hard to believe ...
If zombies could tweet, what would they tweet?
i'm gonna be dragging myself to school today.
I think we should take the Carolina road trip this season!!!
To the Gym! Have a great morning! :)
RiRi is just a bit too much...this is getting old.
Walking past a bunch of dogs.. Me: Bark if I'm sexy ! ;D *Dogs start barking* : haha, bark if I'm sexy?! -awkward silence-
Never raise your hands in denial of the truth, even to appease authority. No matter what you personally believe, truth is all that matters.
A mix eh? Hmm, you'll have to wine me and dine me before we're on mix tape status.
Still can't believe the #Hawks gave Joe Johnson a max contract in summer of 2010. Poor investment.
looking forward to hearing more about it
Piggybacking on FB: Chicago folks ~ Scoutmob needs a short-notice feature in CHI on 4/23. Looking for quality food/drink/boutique. msg me!
I am in las vegas B*tch!!!!! Waisteeeed!!!!
Remember, if you have questions, our interactive RAs are here! E-mail us at
Thanks for the follow, we are dorks too!
Yep, agreed.
Jeff Beck was just plain awesome, last Sat. night, what a supreme guitarist!
Safe travels !
I'll be stopping through to see you guys.
haha been stuck in Charlotte a little too long I think!
Study from Univ of Wiscon.grades access to healthcare,healthy food,how long we live.SD ranks 18 of 56 CA counties
i wish i could go to your concert, i've been a fan since u 1st started out. But u sold out in san antonio in THREE MINUTE ...
UGH...got nothing else. Thanks for keeping me up-to-date...even if it is bad news. :(
Hey, Tracy -- welcome to the chat!
Im not even hungry no more
"Often progress is halted by complaint."
Drum tracks for three tunes are on the can. Ol' One-Take strikes again!
Taking my parents to the airport ;)
Thanks for checking-in Amy! What did you get?
RT : lol we not doing this on twitter lol thats rite cause nobody can't Control Stone Cold!
Many should be credited when you succeed, but only you should accept blame when you fail.
Found Superbaby by Jenn Berman a little overwhelming by browsing but I still want to buy it & read it cover to cover. Wish it was in Kindle.
Hello Quincy! I'm Zeola Gaye, the baby sister of Marvin Gaye. I just wanted to send you my love<U+2665>
Sorry people but if it hasn't been reported on TMZ yet then it isn't true... Sad but true
What a great day for American History at
it's not made to break your phone - its just added security should it break on accident!
Don't forget to register for this Saturday's MINI Test Drive Takedown!
When was this? We seem to have a lack of communication!! John Taglieri LIVE in San Antonio on Ft Sam!!!
thanks for a great session!
Lol switching from honors to regular makes your new teacher love you. Haha
There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within. Susan Anton
GOD MAWNIN ER'ONE!!!!
you're too hard on yourself
yes, isn't it interesting?! All the implications it has for all aspects of interactive technology design, planning, management...
Pidgeons in the airport?
I need to pop xanax before I watch the OT in this game.
Roughly 2/3 of #WalkerFailure $13 million campaign cash haul from out of state contributors
You can :) If you're really talented. You can make something more than amazing. Victoria Justice will get a choice to follow. :)
No prob...anytime!!!
Get rid of hierarchies; put marketing in the middle of org chart.
what r u doing in Dallas
I wrote #okaybitch I need you for for the okay parts and I'm thinking a verse by and
Pat Zavella from ucsc: new immigration policies challenge the core of family reunification laws, tearing the social fabric.
Kheri Hilson radio on Pandora making my 8:30 clock in rainy morning at work flow smoother
I probably am supposed to hate it, but the soundtrack cracks me up.
Bad bitches don't have to tell mf's that they bad
So we're "friends now"? Haha(:
love you!!!<3
Growing up I was always taught never to talk to strangers… now in business and they said talk to everyone…
How much does 's player suspensions hurt the ? Anthony Hargrove gets 8 games. Mike Neal is also gone for 4 games.
Take a little walk in the country with me<333
ewwww. I #hated econ. hated it so much!! and what?! thats crazy.. for the #same class?!
RT ": Be clear, the biggest crooks in America wear "Suits" not "Hoodies." *Google Bernie Madoff.*"
And I know that's a lie
I really do hope nothing about you doesn't have to change
From now on, I'll connect the dots my own way. - Calvin and Hobbes
We would love to do a fitness segment for you guys!
hi there!!! thank you so much! you too!
Text me if ur up for some fun
Just spoke with the 2012 Leadership class about poverty, homelessness, disparity & the likelihood that everything'll get much worse.
Well, I need to see your face. Lol
GOP, Before running for pres. there should be a requirement to be able to pass a basic 5th grade US history test. How embarrassing and sad.
Hahaha! Sure I will come jizz to the store with you hahaha
SNOW DAY<U+E048>
Listening to the thunder and rain.
I'm currently watching Topgear legit
So now we know that it was a human operation. I hate to sound heartless, but I don't care. That is just way too cool.
Thank you. So far it's been hectic...hopefully it will get better now that I see your wonderful words. :0}
'Everybody should get out their checkbooks. Oh, that's where this ends!'
My mom runs a non-profit zoo and Betsy the sloth is one of my fave critters! I love, love your idea!
did you see Noah at the wilderness? I'm kind of wanting a spring break too.
Stewie, we signed you for your defensive prowess!
“: Today is beautiful! Sun shinning and perfect weather! It feels good to feel good! Hope your day feels good?”<< Yes Dear..:)
you should always be ready. ;-) yours look good though. They should last at least another month.
Listened to a lot of music today:)
follow back
Go visit stevieamusic.com.
dannnks so much i love you babe xoxoxo <U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32D><U+E328>
you should be waited on hand and foot;-)
Fixed and followed!
Revenge is so good
#customerengeagement The most profitable customers have strong emotional connections w/ a brand. It's not just relevance/utility.
When you gone lemme meet him sis?
Ima a sweet cancer
Good Morning Everyone! One of the best ways to stimulate your metabolism is to eat breakfast. Have you stimulated yours today?
what is lol
Mar 01,2012: Disney on Ice Presents Treasure Trove March 1-4 Save $$ with discounted tickets!!: 7:00pm: US Cellular ...
me to :) love you
Amped for the party tonight !!!
Having another day at work, then baseball!
I'm addicted to Draw Something like no joke... I can't be the only one...
#20ThingsAboutMe, I hate the thought of growing up, but I hate the thought of staying young forever even worse
#UBAKPsi will be hosting an Open Mic/Talent Night at 8pm today in the Hadley Community Center! Come out and have fun!
Know anyone on a gluten-free diet or have you tried it yourself? What are your tips for making it work?
Watching Robocop and filing taxes. It would be the perfect afternoon if the dishwasher hadn't exploded all over the kitchen.
My friend Roody passed away from cancer he was a big fan! I guess I'm saying thank u for him!
Have a great Thanksgiving everyone!!! :)
Well played Donald.
#nahj11 Organization has run six-figure deficits for the last two years. Plans to "stop the bleeding."
Back from Dragon Con! What a crazy place.
the possibilities are ENDLESS!!!
I'm here. We'll win. Don't worry!
"Exempt bars" sounds so much nicer than "It's OK to kill bartenders and waitresses."
HAPPY FACE :) <3
exactly so come home now!!! We need you in our lives !
you're my boy blue!
West Virginia: WV House OK's bill to allow liquor sampling
as I'm listening to u guys at a red light for over 30 sec: phone in hand checking Facebook... sad
is legit now.
THIS MAN, HAS A POINT! RT : How bout.... All the women twitpic their #shirtoff much better idea, less ayo
Sick and in pain
RT If u believe the BEST is yet to come, RT!!
chad just took the plastic off your plug! He said it was a condom!
June 12th, 7.30PM See you at the Beat in Minneapolis!
We're playing some sweet oldies in the office today. What tunes are getting you through the afternoon?
When you start things in Life look to where it leads you in the end!
Lord, thank you for blessing me with a beautiful mother who was the epitome of class.She taught me to be a lady & to always put God first!
That's really well said. Thanks for passing it on. Did you move already or still in CO?
naa its we have the most haters. Heat fans even talking shit , like I understand okc fans but everybody else can take a seat. Lol
sick of being in trouble at school, i cant wait for it to be over.
look ma no hands
Life is so full of misrepresentations that lead to misinterpretations.. These last 2 days have been such a struggle for me :(
How's everyone's #Wednesday looking? We've got $3 Microbrew Pints today so we'll have a bar full have happy patrons!
I got like 4 hits out of 10...not so bad for a person who doesnt play softball :P
I miss you too <3
If you like Orange Soda, the color purple, and/or the number 3 please like this status and tell your friends about us!
yup n right!! Lol
How da hell the ref didn't c that boy calling x out.... Refscheatinfortheheat
Think about it. Why did we go to the Moon?
starting off the day with orchard mimosas and coffee at the chesapeake room with caro +
Bout 2 go 2 rest my 2girls want 2 sleep n the bed w/me so I mite not get much sleep!
Just sent you an email. Sorry for the delay!
#fridayreads Linger by Hopefully #sundayreads will include Forever.
tweeting to yourself like a lonely lady
it's on Espn and nfl network
I hate being sick! :(
Holographic caves are being installed on campus' to use technology to learn. Are we ready?
Congratulations Gary Lanoie, New #ACTEM Executive Director
Binay meets with top EU execs in Seoul
lol wait is that sarcasm
Caddy, do you think it is a sin to play golf on a Sunday? The way you play, Sir, it's a crime any day of the week.
Clearly I have fucking head phones on and I'm blasting my music for a reason. Don't try having a damn convo with me.
Dante please, please take care of yourself. We worry about you.
bankroll afta bankroll GET IT GANG we get it
My computer is so slow, it doesn't run, it shuffles along.
TUESDAY - Robbery 1st Degree starts today; Grand Jury meets today. ABC's 20/20 is in town tomorrow to talk about Steve Nunn case.
about to teach social networking class
Never that! That soapbox rant just got you a follow, FWIW! I'll pass your article to the human rights students I work with.
Hoop Dreams
Guys there were more than 4 pages... Hello Undergear.
Do you ever feel, like it's going to be a great week?
Three things are needed for a good life, good friends, good food, and good song
just seid I would make my bf a sandwich after sex...whats happend to me?.
saw that when i was in SF! Wanted to go in.
Congrats to our friends Bobby Joe Champion and Connie Bernardy! endorsed!
Inspiration is for amateurs. Professionals show up and do the work.
Make sure to Tweet a #FF with so everyone can be kept in the loop for our next event!
Nuggs game 2 against LA! Let's get it!
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network. - Mitchell Kapor
stick a fork in the #tribe as they are done, traded half the farm system for at best a #4 starter only becasue we have the head case fausto
so i saw this video where u saw one direction in LA.what hotel was that.plz let me kno
true. Its a hard subject since respect means something diffrnt to every1. Equality is static so maybe the word is easier 2 use.
Hell yeah Joey doin it big! Much Love
Don't let a slow day get you down. If you come back empty handed in your quest for success, get up the next day and keep working.
": Never give in, never never never… except to convictions of honour and good sense. ~ Winston Churchill"
Txt me
My hair is nappy as shit!!
Its sum Canes up in here!!!!!
Eek! Darn predictive text... #smmbooklaunch w/ and
Just finished an awesome "Meet The Baby" party in New York for my daughter Michaela, next... Drive back to FL starting tomorrow.
u exploded????? Lol
STUDIO ON DA WAY!! FOLLOWED BY DEBUT MIXTAPE "REMY RUBBERS & REGRETS" COMIN SOON.. ALOT OF GREAT MUSIC PLUS TO MUCH SWAGG ON DIZ PROJECT
Excited to see and other awesome women biz leaders tonight
Block party show this Sunday on 2nd and Bainbridge. Your invited.
I don't wanna go to school..
do you have a graphic design portfolio?
haha i just dissed this dude on im (:
no cats will ever be allowed in our apt. Can't wait to snuggle!
Thank you, it did help. I submitted my question. Thanks again.
you tube Samuel l Jackson reading go the fuck to sleep. It's awesome
Hurray! RT : Just gave one of my editors a quick lesson on Storify. I wouldn't have known anything about it without
ohemgee -- I just sputtered coffee all over my desk. Loved this!
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME!
Damn, just realized it was LA 2, Denver 0 tonight. #Nuggets and #Rockies have some work to do!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I hope you have a GRAND day love you xoxo! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Difficulty opening the photo... for now all I have is this image of Joey starring in the Spider Man musical
Much appreciated.
Limestone County Unveils Design Of County’s Tornado Memorial
Who would have thought we would get to use Tony La Russa and Kim Kardashian's name in the same sentence?
morning Karen. Had that rain too, down here in #Charlotte. Nice to get a soaking once & again. Here ya on the
did you get a bike?!
We've been thinking of taking on a female sidekick. Hired.
night night <3
I'll be featured in a segment on Tucson Fox 11 Daybreak Show tomorrow from 7-9am. I haven't seen it yet, lets watch it together!
Good luck getting out of that arena alive, Miami looked pretty pissed.
I've never had a migraine but I think my very first one hit me during that exam. No idea what I wrote.
Swing by Sugar Shack BBQ (24th & San Antonio) 12-2pm today for reduced price Notorious PIG. Will be DJ spinning hip-hop records.
thanks for the #ff... How u doin
S/O to #TrippleD stand up!!
Bringing a sign to tonight's game that says "Wizards, shoot the ball, not each other. Thank you."
you are my inspiration:) can you pritty please follow me :) that would be soo awsome if you did it would make my day/night :)
": Texas isn't just country. It's God's country."
Congrats, Kelly! Happy to see you find success.
all of the time!
Thank you Hollywood for the follow.
Something tells me the Indiana Pacers will gain a ton of fans across the country after watching them play today & the rest of this series...
Cleaning today.. cleaning a lot of junk out
grammar quiz « kayleighannegates
Let me be completely honest with you by saying you don't want me to be completely honest with you.
IDK ...LETS CHANGE THE SUBJECT...DO U SEE UR GIRLFRIEND ALOT
Tim Duncan is a beast. How they hate on him and the spurs
Held back & ran only 3 miles this morning, felt awesome & fast :) optimistic about calf strain, yay! Easy 10 on saturday?
that new max p3 look to fie
I think this is the first time I've done HW this year ! Lol
Oh thanks!
For real -- w/ a water hose running from the house to the tank's built-in drain: a huge, working, awesome hot tub … RT : what
so amazing. Can't wait to read your next post.
In Ohio on the south shore of Lake Erie. Hope to have fun. . .
haha, yes, the show. I refuse to see the movie, even if I really wind up liking the show.
Step #8: give up your need to impress others
Exactly. That's why I worry. Many from blues states moving to TX for jobs.
Gettin dressed to go see my lil bro off to prom lol
Thank you so much!
If Larry Bird steps down as GM Herbie better get on the phone & bring Donnie Walsh back. Hes outta NY after this year
YOU HAVE TO PURCHASE $5 worth of "notes" to use on the site, but you can pay as little as 10cents of that to watch my show.
What to tweet, what to tweet
perhaps you can teach me how to write. I need help!!
We are at an American Standard #dealer meeting right now finding out about manufacturer #discounts and incentive
I'm not on my period. I'm just weird...regardless.
Fighting back all these mixed feelings.
Ugh ! Haven't slept yet ! So fucking tired ! Think I am like sleepin soon cuz I am half up tweeting lmfao !
Kick off my shoes and swim good, swim good..Take off this suit and swim good, swim good
hahahahahahahah we are in the same shoe lol so wat do yhu suggest we shld do bae x
she's just hoping it has a conversation with her.
When I get home to you girl I'm gone do you right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Your so so so so welcome!!!:)
The energy of the mind is the essence of life
My thoughts are with the people of Japan today. Let's hope the worst is behind them, not in front.
Speaking @ U of Miami Mentor Appreciation event tonight. Where would any of us be without the mentors who prodded us along the right path?
But will we? RT : The world dodged a second Depression by avoiding the mistakes that led to the first. There are more...
Love it! RT : Yes! Live, Learn, Engage - UWWResLife and Connect, Achieve, Succeed - UWW FYE.
#RejectedPickupLines girl you so fine ill buy you all the $5 footlongs u want
He showed up once, but was dissatisfied that there was no actual SHIT at the party, just bad movies!
So true, price point and lack of apps.
Ride-On!
I bet y'all ain't ready for this trip...or this flight lol
Just walked in brittney room and seen my grandmother and she says wassup nigga lls i said aint nuffin Chillen then she punch me.
- Will punishment for performance incentive pools apply to offense? Or are we just trying to outlaw contact?
for my new followers: please don't forget to follow for #hr and #hiring information and job opportunities!!! =)
I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people. Or hate a person just because they have new fans.
Please check out my study and pass it along, partic via internet, need to have sibs w/o a med dx OR a sib w/ Type1 diabetes.
Blew a kiss to Matthias as he went back to his room, he caught it in the air and put it next to his heart & said "Love you, Mommy." BLESSED!
Please everyone follow me I always follow bak
": What? Bring me a pet squirrel back!"first if all its a wild squirrel
Suggestion – Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point. This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
Curation can be as simple as your friends sharing photos, says RT
give us a call on Monday & we can get a certificate made for you! 513-421-7825
Movie recommendation is Tim Curry in "Clue"
Enjoy Mother's Day! /RT : I'm mothering 2 dogs today, so I guess that counts!/You wouldn't have the nipples for more than two! lmao!
Thank you for passing it along:)
remember you're entitled to your opinions, even if nobody understands them!
It's childish in this day and age to ban something that everyone should be entitled to out of fairness
Coming up in 27 sports at 6... Bret Bielema's response to UW getting screwed in the computer polls (#10 average), yet #5 in coaches' poll
Melo wants this game.
Just saw The three stooges with Maia(: LOL funniest movie ever! u really have to go and see it. Jersey Shore is in it which makes it better!
RT : YES!! says build the product that YOU want to use. That's what we did & it makes all the difference!...
YAYYYY! I'm so excited for you! Congrats on Pandora! :)
Interior/exterior painting specialists call today for a free estimate.Why move when you can update the home you're in now?"We Love to Paint"
Pilates today kicked my arse!
Some girls are only meant to be hoes Smh
im pee pants the inebriated hobo clown
Simple salvation. The good news. The challenge is living the Word & know the rewards are great here on Earth on our way to heaven.
word. We are drooling over her too.
LMFAO! That's gross!
Making that money! :)
please follow us <3 -Melanie
RT : Every bitch is a model on twitter lmao . Bitch please #SitYoAssDown~> WOW
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
well probably not Jazmine bro
I'm trying b one
Pie baking day. Can't have enough PIE!
My dad threw a chair at me and I didn't do anything (No Joke). Must of had a bad day I guess
I will remove our connection if you add crazy symbols to your name on LinkedIn. I'm just warning you now.
u better stop that
U was da original who was suppos to b by me
blarg. Chocolate. Love the rice crispies and huge banana split!
He needed his ass kicked for mentioning that in my DM.
Did back to back shows in ME & MA and left me thirsting for a third.
Happy Opening Day! May the Nachos be ever in your favor.
Singing in KEY sounds RIGHT! AUDITION for FCS. Call the office; see fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
Here's another one, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Hope you're doing well and having fun wedding planning!
Poor girl. At least I'm not the only one who can't sleep.
mhmm....was it alcohol?!;/ lol idk i had fun..especially meetin u AND the party!
you'll have to come to this great state and indulge!
I can't move my legs
hot then you're cold
Laker's got owned!!
Now watch me you!
I plan on streaming the flirty, frisky, fun on Keep Calm & Carry on & :)
Example: Romney is somehow anti states rights despite the notable obstacle of being a Republican but only on social issues like gay marriage
I'm wearing a pink <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> for
I never said she's not talented. But her music style is so bring and lame her lyrics are so self-pitying and morbid and to
Thank you! ;) RT : Happy Mother's Day
I cant wait till show starts!!!!!
thanks man!
such torture.. I never know which side to choose!
You can't always beat the #market. Consider inexpensive #indexfunds. Those funds will closely track overall market performance.
GREAT. Another photo of me from last night that I'll have to detag. Thanks!
Northbound lincoln has re-opened.
Just saw this sign: Moms eat free on Mother's Day at Hooters.
Woohooo! is up and ROCKIN it at
Hard Rock Poker Room today! 2pm $25 buy-in, 7PM win your buy-in to the WSOP $60 buy-in 1 re-buy
[...] for if the food wasn't under lock and key, who would work?"
San Antonio Spurs.
Loving these Exxon Mobile commercials during the Masters.
yes it was so good!
I believe
Well, that's a good reason. I'm always getting spammed
Thx for the retweet Phil! And thx for connecting.
Check out my boy Vitto's new track on Soundcloud. Remix of "Somebody I Used To Know"
Thank you to our latest followers:
If Sex Isn't Better Than Love Than Why Cheat ?
i can't because its cut. And sweaty. And its college apparel day.
that would be nice.
Tired & headachey. Want to sleep.
I only ever get money to get out of debt.
nope, were professionals.
"don't you blow dry your hair?" auntie: "i don't want to do all that noise."
Should have read hitting
I just wanted to say Thank you for trying to make me feel better earlier, Even though Iwas sad you made me smile, Ilove you!
why did the chicken cross the road?
Best way to start Friday? Appointment at to finally deal with my shoulder pain.
Hilltopper Football Nation unite!!! State Level I playoff game v. Kenosha Bradford, Sat 6pm at Indian Trails Stadium in Kenosha
Greta Gerwig: Whit Stillman's new star: Greta Gerwig on taking the starring role in Damsels in Distress, Stillma..
The Labels are to send for representation correct?
Tim Perry was a beast in college
it's nice to see the stars. don't get it in the city.
This game is an illustration of how the 3-point shot can neutralize a game. Kentucky is dominating yet UT is still in the game due to 3s.
#BecauseItsFriday It means we get an #AUSTREAM from <3.
thank you so much, we believe children are the future and we want to give them the skills they need to succeed!
nice! That's where lots of people have their tattoo! What is yours?
So excited to go to the Grammy's tomorrow as music on the red carpet mofos! Plus an awesome after party
work work work
Thanks for the prayers. Ginger's interview (and drive) went well. Should hear something next week.
I WILL NOT LEAVE CAMPUS UNTIL THESE PAPERS ARE DONE!!
Let me get my ass off here. Goodnight Twitter <3
ive been obsessing with stuck in the middle by four year strong lately
that is every dr or lawyer I have ever met, Shitload of book smarts but no street smarts...
lol. Just come today and get it over with
Number of PGE customers without power due to storm continues to drop. Only 1525 in Washington County, 653 in Clackamas, 908 in Marion
Rt “ I don't "act black" enough for the black ppl and I'm "too black" for the white ones #storyofmylife”
What a gloomy day
I always get a mini heart attack when my computer freezes on a photo of a mans butthole.
Today is a brand new day. Forget what happened yesterday and don't waste today.
Been a casual customer but after watching premier yesterday they have my business for life!Thanks for supporting kids!
Driving for 3 hrs and going nowhere
wow can't believe u were voted off, ur good bye song was excellent. Brought tears to my eyes, best of luck. Keep singing.Bless u
Have you texted your vote for the Indy Reads Glove yet today? If not get those fingers movin! Text READS to 86132
Tonight at 8pm. Wide Open Beaver Shot of My Heart. PushPush/Ian Belknap. A truly great piece of theater.
You shud check out Jonathan Davis. He's an awesome drummer!
Haha. I'm not usually up this 'late'.
really needs to follow She is such a dedicated fan! Even has her own blog about yall! She deserves it! :))
Here we go! Who's ready for FREE? The next 9 posts are for YOU!
Obviously, the most colorful people show up on the bus when Mom visits. Spiderweb tattoo on face, man in bear suit w/ plastic gloves, etc.
This is what dreams are made of
A fleet of British ships are maneuvering in the southern Chesapeake near Norfolk, Virginia.
isn't that what delivery people are for? Lol just saying ha!
make it a game
Were I there, I'd raise a hand to question the phrase "we're a free society." Who are "we" and what is "free"?
Really just killed that paper ! Let's get this night started tho
rob who? Oh.
Yeahh Wheeler baseball is back!!! Have fun! Mets 2012
I'm so bored. Don't know what to tweet :(
me too dude! Dentist waiting room shit
King's Court goes wild with Ks! #Mariners /via go Mariners.
i had a good day was at the bustop with my girls GG, ,and then when i got home my bf came over was soo happy
R.I.P Mystic Grill - caught on fire this morning-
Rather given great gifts by City of Indianapolis and Butler, including tree planted in his honor at Garfield Park.
u are the most Beautiful I ever seen
Hell yes!!! I hope I can make it down to Texas.. You're going to have an amazing time, and I hope we're there with you. <3 bri
Because he IS a dumbass! He should have just stopped after the tooth incident.
And I'm sure you needed the push to start talking ;) But, it is always good to set that tone early in a conf. Props to
Set #Pandora to #Erasure and I get the best collection of 80s music to work to. Looks to be a great summer here in #Vegas! Cheers to all!
It's gonna be a long weekend and Sutra Lounge is ready for Fusion Fridays with music by DJ Stix and Danger!
Post World War II world, we had lion's share of all the stuff. Nations have prospered, markets have shrunk. And competition. Shift has come
I wish that you guys were around to witness last night's craziness. Very few woke up sober...
Out of WPT... Got it in as a short stack with k9dd against AK on k87dd flop. turn 10, river 5 and gg
all your tweets are hilarious right now. I am going to respond to them all.
Ain't it the truth. Damn.
I don't understand why there is a need to #hashtag #a #dozen #words #in #every #tweet #that #you #post. Am I missing something?
Take care of the little things, the big things fall into place.
Thanks ! rt "At Indigo salon for the grand opening with ! One of the most beautiful salons in San Diego!"
HIT ME UP
It's cuz Dolly knows how many ChickfilA milkshakes you're going to be drinking his summer!
Just listened to "The Barefoot Executive" EXCELLENT! Will buy the bound edition soon... very soon.
#SAYSOMETHING is going to be amazing cause Austin's singing it..he makes everything amazing hehe.<3:)
Mark Belinsky presents Handheld Human Rights, a project that aggregates text messages to visualize and construct a narrative timeline
Up writing...
thanks for the RT! Happy Monday
:( good luck
much too full of resentment
hope you have fun at #blissdom. Find she's super fun!
pass the insta from da left hand side! Pass the insta from da left hand side!!
Then these "dick rider finger pointers" your my favorite . Stay pointing out the flaw that put a Bitch on top, that you don't posess.
The Village People are attempting to make a comeback with a new song called "AARP"
Note to self: incase you totally forget one day, NEVER FLY AEROFLOT if you value your life and sanity.
since I didn't get #Diablo3, so I'm living vicariously through your inability to stay logged on and play. Thank you
seems like Kobe and.La. Gor the same bug as Melo and NY
A world is being discovered. Join us.
I'm glad this series is over now Bynum can focus on getting rid of all that grey hair ... Michael Oher ass nigga man ...
Ill just quote them for the 8x10 and the coasters. Thnx :)
Jon Hamm was a revelation...
: Follow us on facebook facebook.com/frankmartinezpa for updates. Offices Miami/Orlando Tax/Accounting/Notary
"Do you have a question for Sandy Koufax? / Yes. Mr. Koufax, don't you think Flanders is a big jerk?"
That new Dre and Kendrick goes in.....
Sometimes you have to do bad things for good reasons. And sometimes, you do bad things for no reason at all.
Thanks! Oddly enough, the headache seems to have gone away while I was at work. Huh.
Top of the twitter feed: RT The lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirmed case,
Lolz yesterday u got ur braces off nd today my other friend austin peteron got his taken off lolz creepy!!! nd ur both cute!!!
Gotta go to work at three. Got a good nights sleep. Gotta good attitude about today!
Watching Bus Stop with Marilyn Monroe on PBS. And writing.
Been here 4 awhile, U been sleeping, keep in touch, ur comedy MoBetta was hot, keep up good work
Foraying into #EAD with a trial run in
Discussing ideas for the next Recumbent Cycle-Con & possibly another Adaptive Cycling Roundtable geared toward health & mobility.
It can't not come up when they notice you skipped the potatoes and stuffing.
Happy Friday! We are open 'till midnight tonight, so come on down and enjoy yourself, you deserve it!
haha I'm waiting...
We spend so much time complaining about the glass half empty that we forget to drink the half glass of water we do have.
aww awesome! Why did you not take me with you-lol have a great time!
Like they added a new master suite onto the house but you have to go outside and around the garage to get to it.
i dont post that in public.. i'll text it to you.
. Ready to see a Republican Senate? We can do it with your vote
RT : RT I rather Kobe rest it out for now and be in top top shape for the playoffs Me too
Great day! Thanks to AJ/Student Board, Betty & John, Gary, Christine Sneed, Nami Mun, Bonnie Jo Campbell, Samuel Park, and Patricia McNair!
HUNGRY AS SHIT
On the road again! Presenting today at the NYC Tealeaf RUG on Site Optimization and Your Ecosystem.
whats going on people
Can't Stop! Won't Stop!
I have never ever been so turned on by me, myself and I before!
just said "what's the downside of taxing?" You can't make this stuff up.
Tonight might be tricky for me... Locked down in some video editing.
Oh #facebook .. I dont have time this week to learn new #timeline rules for brands!!
Where am I getting all these foreign followers? ??
These umps are really fucking awful. This whole crew is a joke.
Struggle w/i us: a lot of 'you should'ing, want to be comprehensive. But may inadvertently be overwhelming.
#RockCenter about Bin Laden assault is an amazing piece of journalism
Do I have to apologize for my emotions?
Life is a game. Play to win
I've been putting kiddo to bed all this time so will have a go at these videos. Maybe the necklace was a gift. :-)
just wanted to say thanks for all the years of keeping wrestling fans entertained. Your the best. Thanks Hulk
because im too lazy to get an ice pack for my knee i put my super cold water bottle under my knee... #FeelsGood #Lazy!
Camping and frosted animal crackers.
got any?
Love your sense of humor & sensibilities. I'm repped by Abrams Artists on a broad comedy-would u b interested 2 take a look?
Happy Mother's Day! How are you celebrating your mom today?
Great, thanks!
Used Book Sale, open now in the courtyard of the Ayala Science Library.
Yell extra loud for me! I work on Saturdays, alas.
#nowplaying He Won't Go, Adele
Is it seriously raining right now?
Had leftover pizza today too. RT Work, leftover pizza, while the fam watches oldskool #Popeye movies.
TONIGHT...After Wednesdays After the Square...It's Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street...9:30p...see you there!
So travel. So Christmas. The desert is drippy...
how much?
can i slowly make love to you in your sleep. I promise I wont wake you.
why isn't it good?):
yeah...the ones you disapproved...
We're looking for some additional sponsors to make the next IgniteATL a HUGE success! is already on board. Are you?
Join the SS&Si Dealer Network for great savings and incredible support! 866.364.0030
Whoever wins the west will win the NBA title this season!
So Cute:)
you looked great last night!
RT : Drove around the Nissan Leaf for the first time and it was not what I expected. It drives like a luxury car, not a...
If ya'll don't go and #VOTE for one of my fav people on this earth ever to be on #RuPaulsDragRace. May the Lord forgive u!
Google code now supports git. Nice, but github still seems more appealing.
Anyone know what time the #KentuckyDerby starts next Saturday? Thinking of having a party.
Yo how's Idaho this time of year......?
Hey everyone, we'll be on tonight at 6pm! Make sure you tune in. tweet your questions to: !
Did "A Serious Man" get anything? At least the Dude abides...
Had a Norton that went 100+ in 11 sec.
Indeed, hope all is well, cheers mate! -CK
do the potty dance. But that was really cute xD
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. Andre Gide
We would love to come on your show. Talking about the most advance Gps unit in the world..
come down to DC if you have time! :)
Two thirds of the world's lawyers live in the United States
check my YouTube!
the houses around here are pretty
Thanks for coming out! Hope you had fun!
I read your comment on my blog yesterday (about the bunny) and I couldn't resist. Let the cuteness war begin!
From Washington to New York to Japan #NBAlogowontdisapoint!!
loved it, bought it now can we buy #yesterday ??! Absolutely gorgeous version of one of my all time favorites
yup I'm from MI, america's mitten! lol
Gotta love summerchi. Everyone just seems in a good mood.
Have you ever been in love with someone, but you've never even met them before or don't even know who they are yet?...but you love them.
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
Watching A Movie <3 What Time Is Our Basketball Game Tomorrow ? #basketballislife xx3
Ever wonder what's REALLY in Robin Williams' head? Just how many people live up there? How often do they replace the furniture?
My /Korean/ album OTL. *cries*
that just made my heart drop
Thanks Katy!! Much appreciated!
Had a great time in San Antonio....but always good to get back to Wisco!
I just got stung by a wasp! :(
Our menu is new! Have you been in to see it?
All the while trying to keep my Spirit from breaking... Continued next tweet
you're gonna be fuckin' awesome!
smashing pumpkins afternoon
Love it when groups outside the Library host public discussions of our books. Want to read The Book Thief in October? Message us your info!
Some people need to grow the fuck up!
Not feeling too well :/
#TeamGraduation make it a TT. Too many high school dropouts. 2012 is the year we have at many graduates as we can
Goodnight everyone:D
Happy New Year !!
Just this side of the event horizon. :-) RT : where are you??
Happy new year! Health, happiness, and success to everyone in 2012!
Is it me or does Jeremy Kyle's accent when he insults his guest make you wanna punch him in the mouth! I cudn't go on that show!
quote of the day: And yes, this does look like someone pooped on a webpage and posted it to the internets. (guess who said that?)
NBC, you suck. Burn in hell forever. Will NEVER watch another show on your network.
Asserts that libraries doing massdig are taking a risk - true but ignores potential for fair use / unpublished materials
RT Brand your self like a product. This includes marketing, promotion and everything. People trust you then trust your products
I got to get to this Baba! Jah Bless!
Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people.
FLORIDA GATORS BITCH!!!!!!!!! WOOHOOOO!!!!!!! (: GATORS. ALL THE DAMN WAY. GET DOWN BAMA
I love it! My favorite color even! :)
Don't forget about Earth Week: get some FREE Seeds and a $5 game card voucher until 4/25.
thanks :) we love you too! <3
Apparently asking for a day off to move is unacceptable. Oh well I have a life outside of work so they can just pack sand.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Good Morning!! I am happy to say I made it through another work week..feeling
did he seriously say he had a big head?! That's awesome, sorry I missed it
Hardest part of hanging out alone in a bar is pretending to like Family Guy
It's crazy that I'm separated by someone on stage accepting best picture by 2 degrees.
Hi Sarah! The Girl Scout interview was for Crain's Chicago Business, so prob. not as local as ud like. The stories are so fun!
#AskObama Can you support national/regional business plan competitions for young entrepreneurs, out of work, laid-off folks? A national push
I officially met this Korean kid who'd been picked on and I stood up for. I let him know I was there for him, I reminded him he wasn't alone
We all have to forgive sometimes
BBQ Part 2 with the Fam
Ikr! Smh I still don't think it was better than when a man loves a woman though but it was close
I know! Have you ever been chased by a goose? It's terrifying!
For some reason my dog sees squirrels as a natural threat.
Early this morning at church :-)
Yeah you got that right, I can get three outs without giving up a run. WHAT NOW.
FTR, "coffee cake" is not the same thing as coffee flavored cake (i.e. tiramisu)
#mh11 Homerun: Connect people to a supportive community - thru their mobile device - to promote healthy microchoices.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
u smilin when u took an L...to the Pacers...IN MIAMI
Instead of thinking about what you are missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.
haha yes! I sent u a couple DM's .. Use it! :) lol
Texas is one of the youngest U.S. states, with a median age of 33. We're a consumption driven economy, because we are young adults.
Boston bound!
You learn to live like an animal in the Jungle where we play.
Another great
now speaking, on the panel at / Future of #Publishing <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
oh hey, also, we got the Amazon package and it is awesome and thank you so much!
Dude dress down to his but that's entirely too long
"start doing things that aren't in the long term interest of the country..." like, say, contempt of Parliament?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 20
you guys are awesome thanks so much!
Ok people Who Getting MVP leBron or Kevin Durant..please Comment
does not see much of a future for the print book.
Without JESUS, I would be on a path to destruction. <U+2665>
But now. I have never seen him so excited. A lifelong Lions fan. Its amazing. Thank you! Great work! And dont stop now!!!!
Guess what?! I love you !(:
your pockets stay fat. Y lie bro lol
Thanks to all of you who came to Playdate with the Bearcats yesterday! Very fun and lots of good press!
I'm All Late
yes my love!
After a long journey, ‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s train pulls into Washington DC. His friends see him in the window of the train and wave.
I've been dreaming of you every single day, but when I wake up I still have nothing
"All I care about is money and the city that I'm from...." Jk, just money.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!!! I think I know. ;) Get your butt to Red canary tonight, Mr. Missed u on my b-day. xo AHEM>
would love to be added to your DBC 2012 Attendees twitter list! See you on Sunday!
Chill your nips like seriously..
then delete your late ass profile then
What is the best sporting event to see live?
Thanks Paul #yeahwedo! RT : Happy birthday !! :)
Heading home from Asking Alexandria's, "Still Reckless Tour" concert! Ben waved/smiled at me, I met MIW and now I can die happy. :'D
5 of your classes are already canceled... quit your complainin' #slacker and come to physics.
Hello World!
WA state has 8 companies on the 2012 Fortune 500 list: Costco, Microsoft, Amazon, Paccar, Starbucks, Nordstrom, Weyerhaeuser, and Expeditors
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero! Forever & Always! Keep Michaeling!
So sorry for your family's loss.
Was the first published black novel released before or after Slavery was abolished by President Lincoln? go to www.americanlegacymag.com
REAL tea is so tas-tea . . . lol get it ?
#GoLiveWed w ya guy , w @ THE J SISTERS, n #teamnakedhustle, 50 sexy ladies
Celebrating tonight with Milwaukee's best steaks! Is it 7pm yet?!?
Lady on Bart talking to boyfriend on phone " you cheated on me so yes I did screw those 2 guys as payback"
has anyone made some GREAT New Years Resolutions? please share!
Followed :) x
Excellent!!! Thanks TweetHeart :)
We need a few BLOG mentions about us at Sunset Island Music
When is it not time for #chipotle ?
Not sure if I'll do any conferences, I should. Get A Life in Chicago always has good speakers though, and the location works :-)
Happy bikini friday! Enter to win a cowgirls espresso ://ow.ly/1MohaG
We are having a HUGE sale today for the #tallandbigmen in your life! Come on in and see us Please RT!
Wow. Thanks Andy! We really appreciate it!
Same. I love her. Gotta love an album where you hit shuffle and get excited every time a song starts.
I know these predictions always turn out premature, but I just really don't think I'll ever be down with the name "BuzzfeedShift"
No studio tonight. What to do?
ha ha
Ronnie was just acting soo hyper and wouldn't stand still.he was all over the stage messing with everyone in the band.lol
Please All followbackme, I need you Followed:)
I hope our project is due friday.
I'll be at mt vernon next week.... can't say I'm too excited
north Dakota state
if you see this message: You seen what this person is saying about you? link ...terrible things... it's not real, got hacked.
Excited about the table read for episode 205 of
I love
RT : helped produce an AMAZING event yesterday! Colortone was top-notch! I highly recommend!
Thanks for following, Tony! Follow-back done.
The #DallasMavericks appear to be choking right now.
It was so good meeting you at the Femfessionals Event :-)
Games canceled at Eastfield for tomorrow, 2/11. Games will be scheduled at a later date
YOU AMAZING DRUMMER BOY <3
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT!
hahahah love you
Done with idiotic people. Just don't care anymore!
So I totally slept on Super Tuesday. I didn't even know Kony was running in 2012 and with the amount of posts looks, like the front runner.
That's a good point, which I hadn't thought of before. Though this may be tricky for many 18th century documents!
Anyone have agood accident story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the most amazing story!
thanks for the retweet! Have you signed the petition?
BernCo Commissioner Michael Wiener responds to some tough #4OYS questions tonight at 10p.
Remembering those days when I used to watch Lovers in Paris a lot.
So Cute!!!
Usually don't get so worked up by spammy sales emails but ValueLabs Inc really grinds my gears - so unprofessional and annoying!
Don't let the door hit ya? RT : Buh-bye. RT : Hmm. RT : Rosie O'Donnell Relocating Her OWN...
nah I have to
This just in... our 'pre-launch' sale will be Fall graphics and fonts - ideal for your fall sale! We will have limited quantities.
In Jesus name, I live <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
how does warped tour this summer sound?.. :D
heck yeah
Our Mission is to be a leader in the fight against breast cancer while providing the highest quality nutritional supplements.
Today is the 26th Anniversary of Live Aid, the question remains, "What are you doing to make Earth a better place to live?"
Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn?
a tweeter tweets to tweeps
Hello monday i still dont like you but ill try and deal with you sincerely every who doesnt work or go to school weekends
“: Hey babe ( ) are we still going to get married?! Yes? Okay, good! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” He told me he said no..
thanks, I haven't seen it yet!
Mr. Rogers would have been better than Rodgers
Where are you located?
no Lauren Gray no Niko Star? BLASPHEMY!!!!
What's the best advice your Mother ever gave you???? Choices are endless, BE CHOOSEY!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 52
Can't sleep, guess I'm stuck watching this documentary on wolverines
Um excuse me? You're the woman so YOU'RE the one making me the sandwich. Just because we're on twitter doesn't mean role reversal
Thanks for spreading the word!
i get off at 3
Over 2 dozen arrests @ 'Occupy Pearl' prompts PDX Mayor to hold overnight press conference. The latest this morning on
One of my staff just yelled "You're lying, witch!" to one of the others. They are also firing Nerf guns at each other. My work here i...
Watchin #beavis&butthead the video #Itsocoldinthed set Detroit back 5 years.. It should have never got directed....
Well 4 mothers day tomorrow suggest the restaurant where richard works just saying
I'm getting breakfast ha ha
Unnecessary drama <
my mum thinks you're pretty (;
More followers
The Zaneville exotic animals return home! My story on at 6!!
“: recently I listened to "Put Your Hearts Up" I felt in love with it the first time! Supporting you all the way!”
Spurs are "doin' work" against the Clippers. Then again, after making 7 three-pointers in the first half they are smart for going post now.
This iced coffee is the only thing calming my nerves right now. Thank you,
"But doctor, I don't want to cure it, I want to relocate it!"
Damn, im bummed out... fighting the tears back...
Wett Comes the ATL wit da hottest X male review. Wii and Playstation givaways. For more info go to WETINAT.COM
obviously he was confused
lol sorry hun I just had people there from back home it was a lot if catching up.
Kastin likes rap music just like his dad me and his uncles
If you think I was your such a fool!
just saw you guys up at MGM and respectfully didnt say hello. Hope the biginning of your stay in the DIRTY D has been great
It's PIE DAY! We have Pie Milkshakes! Come get one!
Thank you luv but she has served her tyme now don't u think? o.O she can get off early on gud behavior ;)
Desiree but it's pronounced Desiray
not opposed but it will be a learning curve, I student taught all day everyday kdg yrs ago and loved it!
will you be at the #Madden NFL cover announcement tomorrow? If so, would love to connect at some point.. Best of luck!
Damm its only monday, and i already miss ya, damm i got it bad
Oh..how did i get here? What will i do when its done? I am lonely. Not the peaceful kind. The heart hurting kind. :'-(
It's so great to put a face to your tweets!
Am punching all of you when I see you.
Album leaked?! No problem! We make sure to remove the leaked album from the Internet & pay you for each illegal downloaded Album.
I wasn't going near it to find out!
rockin' on my birthday. Thanks for the gifts...
Godspeed, is that how fast NU b-ball goes from bad to mid-major mediocre?
We catered the #AAJA Sacramento Media Access Workshop and missing you
Good read as a follow up to the Nielson Report about #Latinos & mobile.
Miss you too!
ah my baby!!! I'm so sad I'm missing you all at the may mart!!! #havefunwithoutme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Well yesterday was ight but I'm more pumped bout redneck fest this weekend it's gunna deff. be a wild weekend
she all i got!
tyrelle is lying!.
Going to be a long night...
I also agree that the start up on Zotero is faster, but that doesn't nec. mean better. Cost was the decider for me.
Dear Kaylee, I LOVE YOUR NAME, K? We need to talk more, btw. You seem epik in my book tho.(: Tweetmeupsometime.! Love, Tatsiana
I'm done w/ this bullshit.
I would totally go with you if I wasn't 1000 miles away.
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
Embrace the gray!
Really texaco? lol RT <--SHE RIDE DICK SO GOOD:-) My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things
SNAP OUT OF IT YO!
Haha RT : If you have a chance to remake Napoleon Dynamite in cartoon form.. You just have to do it." - Nobody
I'm taken by your hope filled lies, they're well designed and dragging me along. I'll be waiting for this chance and I'll be gone..
my mom? ew. why? & what's your idea?
Tobacco or Found Footage Festival ?
#DripSync launches this May!
I hope so, I wana feel like that some day!
y'all made fnl great tonight!
I think I'll work out this morning before work!
almost 3k followers. I had 800 when my album dropped April 22nd..
Who would have thought it would be Matt Ryan making the mistakes, go Pack!
Can't get over how childish you are. I'm sure since you have hard "evidence" it won't be hard convincing everyone on your lies.
So half cap tomorrow >>>>
What I thought- "Ah Baltimore County overcrowded schools.. Thanks for giving me so many stories over the years"
The weak give in the strong succeed.
Life is All About How you Handle Plan B, Plan A is always my first choice
New January Specials at Advanced Skin and Body Solutions! Click on the "Specials" link to the left to see what we are offering this month.
My thesis is yet to be finished, but my blogging creativity is currently boundless!
I deduce you like the Hobbit. They're also making the Runelords movie, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
False start on Casey Dehn, that'll back the Cardinal up to a 3rd and 8.
1st trip back with #Xavier Buffalonians was Tim Hortons (exit 97 near Columbus) followed by Mighty Taco.
That awkward moment when youre dying listening to Austin pretending he's a dying fan..
I have always loved the green M&M she is such a Diva! lol
"Smooth Operator" was a hit singing at Morgans in La Quinta Resort & Club last night!
have grabbed my pillows and snuck off.
I know right! I'm going thru withdrawal. Lking into new source. :)
Thanks :) It's only for a year but I think it'll be an adventure.
Hi DJ.
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body"
thx sexy glad u following i wanna follow u
you going to jenny's today?
Anywho what to do on a Tuesday. ?! Lol
Giving Thanks for ALL of you. Come by for some Killer Cocktails, Housemade Soups, Chef Wes Platters and PDX community spirit. Thank you All.
just listenin to music and skatin on my bed :P
poor Spanky... Condemned to bobblehead hell
Sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex baby lets fuck hey baby hey. Baby.we gon fuck like robots..
Seane Corn - self realization is important when interacting online. See the web as a mirror and act accordingly
I'm Ready To Start This New Life Soon. College Is Going To Be The Best
Beautiful work! I'm thinking it might be cool to have a photo section in our upcoming issue called: Scenes from a Small Town
After a nice run, powerwashed driveway and brick. Smell reminds me of the comal or guadaloupe river. Nice! Go Tiger, Go Kansas!
The Saints and Packers won't be leading the league in defense.
One of my theses: the apparent spontaneous nature of some ancient artwork is by design, by a very conscious design ---almost a deception.
Some days we all need a reminder :)
um, does everything really have to be due at the same time? I already dread February.
Hi Chris - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Love your blog - great stuff!
i work on us/mexico translation project and she and i became fast friends. i didn't work on that translation that year
The show reminds us of what's important: supporting those in need, keeping things in perspective, enjoying every moment.
thant sounds good
I am thinking a children's book, that image on every page, and the dialogue getting sadder and sadder throughout...
Come to the CAB meeting tonight @ 7:30pm in the Senate Room. This is your opportunity to decide what you want to do or see on campus!
With all this rain, I want to be able to puddle jump! Any ideas for where I can get rainboots at an awesome local store? #GoLocal!
Make it your number one goal to drink as much water as you can today
Can't sleep should of never took that nap
Authentic Moroccan dinner w/ sum friends..
CANT WAIT TO HEAR THE FULL THING!!!!(: #TurnToYou <33 follow me??? I LOVE YOU
Thanks for the #FF! Unfortunately, we're traveling to Minnesota today. ;)
#supertuesday this is cracking me up! I love election day!!
hahaha that's an Arab dummy
"""Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquility""."
So grateful for my new laptop with the serious battery as I continue to sit on the train. Done lots of image and video work.
Pittsburgh Steelers 7 Washington Redskins 16 Final #steelers #redskins #nfl (Via )
'Doesn't it Make You Feel Better.' Trent Rezner pulls out his aggro voice.
My mama tryna get mad cause ion know what Ant Farm is.
Who the hell are Maggie and Robert?
#geekend #fa115 via "your evolution is inevitable I you keep doing it"
rihanna, i love you. but this song is not one of your strongest.
DAVE RT ME!!!
Agree RT : A5: Why arent Dale Jr.'s sponsors questioned in the same way? Its not JUST about winning. Its about selling
The world is a business, Mr. Beale.
thanks for including the article on the heat seeking Dallas museum tower!!! LOL!!
Clare Coleman, CEO Nat'l Family Planning Health Care Assoc.: Title X grants are competitive, awarded through fair process.
He said u feel me! Lmao
Posted an update on our website! #diyrocknroll #getdown #kickoutthejams Now to get on some new music!
cc w/r/t his amusing micropublished anecdote re: chasing down pickle truck, very much on mind as I was blathering to dude (3/3).
DEE LISH! RT : Got dinner plans? Make some! Our shrooms our , , & !
Cruelty to animals does not portend well. Folks cruel to animals need help before it's directed to humans.
My bestie loves her<<<<<
I wouldn't sound like a 'broken record' of you answered the fucking question the first time I asked it.
I'm on at 9 tonight, y'all. No joke. And I might have some sort of fever related attack on stage, so you definitely don't want to miss this.
Today Is Tunrnin Out To Be A Bitch .
Do you have the patience to wait till your mud settles and the water is clear?can you remain unmoving till the right action arises by itself
Problem Child
Having a blast with Kammie, Rachel, Reagan, and Cameron! Can't wait to see the #HungerGames tomorrow!!
Yes, i love it when you don't text back..
Virginia's unemployment rate at 5.7%!! Yeah
i just refuse to hear no...just like u bro. That 13 hour car ride...thats what its about. Cant nobody take that from u.
#QOTD: “Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.” - Mark Twain (1835 - 1910)
He went against the code hitting her. smh
wtf am I talking about?
does the COY get his star player hurt in the closing minutes of a blowout?
The First Person to RT this will get A MAJOR shout Out :)
Haha my sister is getting so angry!!!!!
You two are the best <3 Thank you!
Yeah, and it's looking like the majority of that 37% are ignorant assholes...
EAT MY PUCCIA!
Easily the best laugh of the week when welcomed colleague back to the office today!
I'm going to hire two private investigators and get them to follow each other.
Every artist was first an amateur. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Getting ready to go dark for #EarthHour at 8:30. Candles ready on the patio.
Hey Brad, whats new at Fathom?
Kay! it's kinda a question thoo! :p
Hellz, yeah!! (we ain't afraid of no ghosts!) See to anchor "Ghostbusters" reference(s). Haha!!
I love being one of those teenagers that doesn't feel like growing up.
Done with the morning run....feeling great!!!!
If it says no parking during rush hour then you CAN'T park there
taking away features when people upstate is a horrible thing to do
(shakes head sadly) Ah, it happens.
New Twitter account will originate Echo Beach Band tweets, starting now. This account stays as my personal Twitter.
Toss him my phone number while you're at it! Hope you're having a blast!
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself haha!!!
The scene in Egypt right now is truly amazing....
R.I.P (Rock In Peace) Jim MARSHALL...
Chemical spill at El Cajon and Park. Someone mentioned mercury.
Are you participating in the Vision Development workshop for IGT on Thursday, May 3rd? Please contact IGT to sign-up..520.209.2448.
So, I just considered that after i graduate i will most likely be a traveling fool! I foresee trips to Cali, GA, PA, NY, Vegas, KnoxVegas...
Thanks for the follow!
nice icon :)
the good news is that we'll still be here when you get back! First stop:
“: You should've come with us! "Well, inviting me would've been nice..."”
Charlie Sheen (I'm winning)....yii it's ah hit!!!!! #shoutout my nigga
^I like that one(;
I actually wrote a blog post about how I would have cast the roles :)
I'm in a lot of pain right now.
Today is the first day of the rest of my life. So thankful. :)
And likewise to you! Have a good one!
Who is drinking wine today?? White or red is the choice of the day?
feels like it merged with rap in a way
Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar. Meet new friends, try a new drink, munch on some small plates and watch LOST on Tuesdays. Nothing better.
So... my indoor football team, Soccer Stars, begins with the play-offs tonight. We'll do our best +1. Wish us luck!
I probably recommend the legal and economic thought chapters of AoF to people lately more than any single other book.
Does anyone know if downloads can work on like Apple TV and my iPhone????
Lol BT...yea they stomped him. Nice concept there but wrong artist to do it with.
May 1, 2012...Projected Website Launch!! Stay Tuned.
I may be able to swing by whereever for a drink tonight
like us and post your pics please
the maestro says it's Mozart, but it sounds like bubblegum
"This last paragraph needs more sweet, delicious nectar."
New Jersey- Jersey Corn
SanDiego UTC mall features food trucks such as organic Devilicious, Chop Soo-ey's pork confit salad, Operacaffe's Tuscan fare during remodel
"I Am More Than My Next Meal"
<U+266C> Good talking with you this morning Dave, look forward to working with you in the very near future <U+266C>
an article about a typical scam in ur hood
Ah so angry. I will now complain and have no one care what i say.
Someone play Draw Something with me, please. Zera3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
This is a very awkward conversation.
na i was like let me go to Star ( ISS ) and he said go to the office upstairs and ask so i did and they made me go to class -.-
Hows Your Day Going ?(:
No more magic for the #Magic, Go #Pacers!!! Let's end it in Indy
not good... What do you do??
I couldn't agree more. One more reason #Im4Falk! RT : KF at : "Budgets are moral documents."
and hopefully shoot the lights-out in the 2nd...
My baby girl is 18 today. Time flies by way too quickly!!
Things that are exciting and frightening at the same time: graduating and starting a family. At the same time.
Where is he speaking?
how about a little better midfield and defense, as in not giving up 4 unanswered goals...
and killed that performance on #TheVoice ~ Now where can I get a light-up grill? Lol
Not able to work at Reno Collective today? We have an IRC channel too: #renocollective on freenode, join us!
I "liked" it - I wonder if I'll get in trouble with my hard lefto pals ;-}
So true!
Why are you driving? Legit, I wanna go home and sleep in my bed. But you're preventing that by driving freaking 55 in the 65-_-
My dad was asking me what I thought about employers asking for FB passwords. I struggled with explaining how I didn't believe it was real.
I have to take the ACT's today and tomorrow it would be amazing if you could wish me luck :)
Whats up... How much more school do you have left.
Happy Easter & Passover to all. :)
You and Ari need to post more crazy stuff like that :P!
black. It was a no brainer really.
Glad you had fun! See you soon MT That was a fun time at the , will definitely be back before the end of it's run 5/20
Wait, are you saying this dynasty league has IDPs?
Welcome aboard the good ship ! Thanks for following. Visit us at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com and pledge to join our merry band!
do u have holidays??
Researching private loan consolidation offers and looking for a job in the DC area...
Graphic design for branding, web, and print. Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
o no johnny!!! get up!
“: Fucking forever. “: how long will you still be tweeting now that the show's over?”
Jeydon Jeydon ..... JEYDON!!!!!! I have something important to say!!!!!!!!!!!! Your beautiful!! <3 And you should follow me
Got an A- on my business law exam
I was wondering why you kept tweeting about work and stuff. It kept adding spam links too.
Can't get used to the FETUS profile picture.... a bit too much exposure, dontchyathink?
We will be open until 4 p.m. today! Happy holidays!
Yay! And I am very curious what goes in an improv cart! RT : We're very excited to be using QCart this fringe !
I have a story.
Well: Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics
what happened to unthink
Happy Mother's Day! <3 :)
$1 off Signature drinks all night with our bar open til 1am! Kitchen open til midnight daily!
get those new clubs out!
Depends on God's plan for you. I think you'll rip it wide open soon
my blog is lighting up with that post. Amazing how anything with gay or sex draws people-unlike my spirituality meditations hehe
We convince by our presence. Walt Whitman
I've decided I'm ready for an ipad ;) Glad it went well! Im sure its great. We'll take a look this week.
I need your take on Goodman saying www will decide on what mkg will do. Right or wrong tweeting that and does it hold water?
favorite smell: carbs toasting in a toaster oven
Been sitting on the bed waiting for at least a text going in 2 1/2 hours now. Expected to have left so long ago, and I'm a bit worried.
"Web marketing is about delivering useful content at just the precise moment that a buyer needs it" -David Meerman Scott
KMSI Turns Nine - Over the past nine years, KMSI has become one of the largest learning technology providers in the industry and KMx is pro…
#TrueStory: On MLK day a guy said your not off work. Dr.King fought so you could be @ the parade.... No he fought so I could w…
I'm blaming Bartman for the Cubs demise the year they should have won the World Series!
You missed an awesome show!!! Krit & Bun B performing together...Man!!!
or the part about getting your MBA from Georgia Tech
“: “: Fuck spice #anxietyattack” you spice boy” I'm no Kurt haha
After a great win over the 'Nucks, 'Hawks get destroyed at home. Why can't we beat the Preds? :(
We're instituting new practices this year to use less paper. I'm done with filing boxes of docs and throwing them away a few years later.
Home safely...now to get some rest.
that is too long!
should eat NY Style Pizza more often because that was without a doubt her best performance ever tonight:)
actually three times now.
What the heck is this and why do i now i have this "call me maybe" song stuck in my head. ???
00 quite a lot of money for a tank of ink containing 23ml of fluid
A4: Willingness to collaborate with others outside newsroom, including other news orgs, institutions and foundations.
#YouWasSexyUntil you dropped that piece of chocolate on the floor.
Dreadheads that play basketball or football >>>>
just attacked me with a waffle and got butter in my hair
my daughter & her friends have me additcted to 'Words with Friends'...wanna play? let me know!
Fuck Global Warming, and fuck the Joker. Why doesn't manBat just kill him
I wanna slap that bitch that posted something on your wall. I hope she knows were talking or I can tell her too.
cant make it tonight! :(
how's that awkward haha?
Now my tummy is hurting
Beer is Gud.
The Paradox of Americans: Are we Indivdualists, Communitarians, or One in the Same?
Damn why am I headed to the office so early? Oh yeah.
A CHECK LIKE MINES NO TALK STRI8 SMASHING #
Fantastic! Here's hoping we have another book sale soon. We are always getting great books that don't fit our collections.
RT : Both of my babies were #borntoosoon Daughter at 30 weeks, son at 35 wks.
our pleasure - thanks for joining us and we hope you stick around
After Jezebel snarked on STIUTK as a "crap letter from a dude," I loved Gotye more.
check out my good friend
Hi, nice to be connected and read this. These are very interesting and valuable questions. I will think about them, too.
Are you heading to ? That would be a good starting point for a DFW #3Dprinting community. Or ping wrt DFW sales
Loving the new Pearl Jam & David Gray - looking forward to DG next month in Boston & NYC
I'm not home to watch #PLL :( damn. I gotta get off twitter bc people ruin it!! Can't wait till 9 haha
Life may be a pain in the ass at times, but I'm satisfied knowing in not taking any short cuts.
Wherever faith has led me, performance is going to validate me!
are you fangirling?
We're very happy to have you! Thank you for participating in
TIP OF THE DAY: Take your time before sitting down in a game (live OR online) and study the table dynamics. Who raises, who stands up to it?
Running errands for my mom when i would rather be doing sum else<
I'm so flattered you added me to your "Entrepreneurial Megaminds" list. Let's connect later this week??
Attempting to re-re-link twitter and facebook. It stopped working a few weeks ago but I haven't taken the time to fix it.
Thank you very much, KP Mackie, for your contribution to Ice Cream Jihad!!
watch out for low fences.
Thanks Gwen.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou orange is NOT an attractive skin color and neither is the barbie look. Try a healthy size 5 while you're at it not a 0.
I think the first "on" in OnDemand is a bit redundant
Pal pal.
So happy to be with my Vicente right now :)
I give it a minute when I approach a line of waiting customers...I'm STILL the one to bitch. Thought I was just too impatient.
There's only a matter of time b4 that storm hits!
I always had one..didn't I? LoL
Watin for reheasal to start! :D thinking about getting some cupcake??? Hm?
I follow you on twitter in order to live vicariously through you.
lol....you are a trooper
I just realized that if you watch Cinderella backwards, it's about a woman that learns her place.
Connected w/ - looking forward 2 your tweets! Thx !
And that's why you all timeouts! Touchdown!!
My hand is my best friend. Whoever said dogs are a mans best friend lied, because my dog can't jack me off like my hand does!
To the Sprinkles ATM--get the batmobile!
+1 please! RT : Wow, s'more pitch at #tsdday was great. Sign me up.
Good morning to you all ;D
wat u up too
Complexity of issues requires multidimensional approaches from people w/ similar inquiry
awww<<3 what would we do?(:
They will be here for filming in a few weeks--a doc on the history of tobacco. I'll cover the 18th-c. and the American Revolution.
I just saw your tweet about your dad! How is he?! D:
guess that's right
Going to see with the best friends in July! So stoked :DD
Tequila shots were a bad idea last night.
You are Amazing Aaron and you inspire us! Best of luck to you from Seattle!
hey sis what's new
i'm getting better k...
what a trip!
They should offer frosting as a topping on coffees.
evolve, bro.
she's looking like she should be saying "oh" lol too cute!
Thanks for thinking of us! How was it?
I like being on the radio. #happy this is my
Back to reality. I have tourney tickets for sale for Pbkc's week long series starting 5/12, 6 different tickets for sale between $235-$555
Yeah, I am weird. But then, normal is boring. LOL.
LeBron James grabbing his own throat
I'm so stoked to be a part of this!
But Boomgarden did beat Rodgers in a 3-set (all tiebreakers) non-conference match earlier in the season.
Observations - dude on the bungee cord was tight. Cee Lo from Goodie Mob to Madonna and SuperBowl. Madge is still a player.
whatcha watching? Did they get the British accents right, even? I'm a British hick myself
I'm a vegan.
If she hadn't been a librarian, Joanne Roukens would be a torch singer! The revelations don't stop!
do you have any colleagues/friends tattooing in the Houston area you could recommend?
I wish you could google how people feel about you.
u older than me foo lol and u snitched on me lol
Lsu lost to Virginia n 1981 in 3rd place game
wahhhhhhhhhhhh i hate the first part
actually things are back underway here--break was v. quick....
I'm not gonna criticize Chris brown's lip syncing anymore. Ppl come to see him dance & he delivers! Singing live would be impossible~
glad I could hep, was very frustrating to see my Mac crashing at least once a day
did you use your mike morales salad tosser. Cuz everyone loves to have their salad tossed
i was at the best one ever!!!!
Did you apply for a #job this weekend??
I love so much. I think all of Twitter needs to know it.
Ha, intense. Shit really sucks. I have that kind of luck too ):
Hit Mike Jones up on the low / cause Mike Jones about to blow! RT 281-330-8004
well that whole other T situation, is over.. so I've been hanging out with Jacob and he's goin with me :)
small world this IT world is!
So will you be serving pig's blood bloody marys to the general public tonight?
New Songs Droppin ASAP!!! #LAURENANDLARAIN AND
lolololol never baked a burrito!
Just got back from a trip to #Solvang CA. Can recommend the Book Loft for the books and Los Olivos Cafe (in nearby Los Olivos) for the food.
In a world that's down and out...
shaq is just a jealous ass nigga who can't do commentary b/c all he does is mumbles. Charles >>>>> Shaq
When a person asks you a question they already know the answer to.
studio down for a min. but i will be back soon wit some super hott ish!!! Sean Pizo
BUZZ, a young adult novel available in English but also in Chinese and in paperback or in any e-book format. SEE WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS.
No problem my friend...was wondering about that :-). Hope all is well!
Still awake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Jacob... I move back in 20 days
RT You helped me with my insomnia, thanks Jackie!
Mazel tov to our friends at on its great new site. Wonderful to see the result of all that hard work!
naw we won 16-12, its finna be a long night for me
Encore's Follow Fridays!
One day at a time and breathe easy...
ginos in teays valley delivering pizza
One of the most responsible things you can do as an adult is to become more of a child.
Awesome! :) Good things are coming your way!
iThink I'm ready for a phone with buttons .
I'm sick of dis teacher
Yup.back at the lake now.
enjoyed your #lift12 tweets, thanks!
the board didn't vote to delay it, it may have had something 2 do w/scheduling issues between award ceremony and closed session
I'm doing that thing where I'm reading 9 books at the same time again :-X marathon reading session needed! Must..not..start...another...book
when i see your name i smile.
Blah stupid school. No work tonight yay!!!!!
for real :/ that was the basis for my creation of my bracket this year. at least slu and kansas are still doing alright.
Thanks! RT : Congrats to everyone that did the heavy lifting to make #thatcampphilly happen. A great two days!
job interview today!!
As long as it is going east, we are all good.
Sometimes we let our feelings get the best of us...and sometimes our feelings make whats best for us..
I thought I took my Violin home... I should have. fuck.
i have two prom dress options I just need to narrow down :)
Unspeakably tired. Surprise anni-dinner-party for my parents, followed by more drinks after. Can't go to the hotel until others get home.
Takes skill for us to text and drive but we make it look easy!
i like bananas
Day 1 of farming here I come. It is going to be nice to make some extra money.
Last one in is a rotten egg! lol
just watching secret life and waiting on eli. Lol.
We hope to see everyone tonight @ Gaston Hall for 's 1-on-1 interview w/ CBS Sportscaster James Brown. Event starts at 7pm.
Forever hold your violence or speak the truth.
I will if you're going to fight pac-man, otherwise go to jail. RT Tune into MTV tonight and watch me on Ridiculousness.
ima take a wild guess is the suprise a vid from that day?like vids put together like austys?
How can someone u love someone so much but they can hurt uu the most?:,(
but MIcheal has been longer in singing hhhhmmmm
Did you know that if the city council passes their medical cannabis ordinance as written it would close down ALL collectives in SD ASAP?!?
aww well i'm glad we can share our complete failures together!!! haha
im thinking i want to drive around cuz im really bored home
Sherry Martin Photography, Bachelorette Boudoir and Boudoir by Sherry are one in the same... <U+2665>
is such a trapstar.
Have collected so many concepts that I am excited to choreograph. hm..
Awesome! Didn't know about Animal Collective and Best Coast! Will have to look up the others
a time to weep, and a time to laugh
Why do people pay the bums on the side of the road? Just curious.
cool, I got scared haha
The Fray might have been fined for that in Indiana.
of course Long Ding is a kicker. Here's hoping he makes a squad. Then, MUST call his 1st converted field goal.
no what does it say?:O
you guys around today?
Everyone should be reading Part 4 of Robert Caro's Years of Lyndon Johnson right now. Or at the very least pretending to.
thanks! we so did!
Motions hair lotion got my head smelling like pussy
So thankful for and for being awesome friends. And most of all my beautiful amazing girlfriend
plot twist harry is actually 50 years old, that's why he likes grandmas
RT IF YOU HAVE BIEBER FEVER :)
We let our in house sketch up guru know and he'll tweet you back tonight
yes! I love it! Billy is so cute!
I have a cold. Ugh.
and then an absurd technical grindcore thing: spotify:album:20xS1gMW12PSrdcuXqv6al
Darth Prosser finds your lack of faith disturbing.
Fielder in DC tonight to sign contract...
Likely shock. I haven't seen you in a year!
Can you pls follow us so we can follow up with you?
#thatfeelingofpanicwhen you realize the bus you're on is taking you miles from campus...#whereiscommuterwest?
Things are happening exactly the way they are suppose to...so I can't complain even when troubling things happen. I am good
$7 for ticket to X-Men: First Class and $4 for an ICEE, which is the better value? Answer: The Polar Bear wins.
Im a good person...its just that people take me for granted, and thats not wasup !
Thanks for a great consultation Danny !
It's not how many people you piss-off, it's how many cool friends you acquire along the way....
and a shingle.
Hahaha LOVE it!!!
I have just invented a pass that is way to complicated. It is overkill, and awesome. I will be adding it to my book.
Felt so good to lay out by the pool! Round 2 tomorrow
some of us work on Wednesdays :-)
i just finished a whole essay in less than an hour wut
Clinking a glass to more fabulous follows! :)
that was the longest half day of school ever.
Sheboygan Press interviewed attendees, heard Keith Fiels, so look for it!
I`m looking for a house
Its so sunny! :)
you are fantastic! I love you
Tried RSS widget you suggested -doesn't display all files in collection. How to best embed Dropmark collection in a website?
I will second that!!!!
I now have 1,637 items on my Amazon Wish List, most of them books. I will never be able to read them all. Yet I keep adding. Why?
Double overtime! Let's go Hoyas
did PM call you? I'm wrapping up YL while you deal with the group seating onslaught. Let me know if you need me.
Welcome everyone to the 2012 one handed hipster Olympics!
I have three screws in my knee, idk about just acls
I don't even have anyone to pour out to right now.
Everything in the future and the past is here right now. Albert Einstein
It's ideally suited to handheld gaming, IMO, and the localization is being handled by none other than Vic Ireland of Working Designs fame.
I spend most of my day thinking about how nice it'll be to get in bed to sleep, and when I finally do, I can't sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
no because why da fuck did they pick jack black for the main character...what a stupid producer!
you got that right.
Girls, respect yourself. You're gorgeous and beautiful inside and out. Don't let a guy upset you. Always keep your head held high.
thanks for the #FF!
Just at an emotional standstill right now.
John Rich in Memphis today at ST Jude Performing "FOR THE KIDS" <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B> Buy song on iTunes and the proceeds fo 2 <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B>
It's all about da <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> hurricanes all day
The biggest enemy to learning is the talking teacher. - John Holt
Rabbits Rabbits <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
At the 10th Annual Craig Noel Awards for Excellence in San Diego Theater! Will tweet the Old Globe winners!
I am feeling so sick right now but knowing #boyfriendVideo is coming out I'm cheered up..pleasee justin notice follow me :(<U+2665>
A sincere thank you to all the men and women who have served and sacrificed for our great country!
Today is just not my fucking day
U seem to have some gender issues, friend? And I use the word hesitantly!
When u don't have Sex like u use to that's all u think about, and right now she looking like fun,Have u ever heard of the chicago preztel;)
hey r u wearin ur bball jersey to school tomorrow?
if I already have tix to do I automatically get access to the added Friday show?
Wow... Seriously 2 years of having your liscence is not "experienced."
Anything still happening down there?
It hasn't been. It's really the only issue where I'm completely unwilling to listen to the other side's viewpoint.
Waiting at Chinatown #metro for 25 minutes. Single tracking. All trains have been southbound. Sense a mutiny rising.
Tweet us your pictures of Chicago House's spring brunch and fashion show and we'll RT them!
Awesome crew in Bus HQ calling to build support for Marriage Equality right now; Feels great!
Yah! Financing ever so close!
The 1D concert got sold out for the Universal city walk. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Get Big Go Hard or Go Home
Green is My Favorite Color, #followfriday because she loves green, and is a fun Tweep.
"What makes you think I want you again?"
I love you too <3 xx
Got my radio voice on and ready to record a couple of shows!
HAY TWITTER WORLD! I'm back!
Thanks for the info, sir.
when is coming out??
no lol im just having fun lol r u drunk
Test Message..
I haven't seen this picture! What a great shot of you and Cory Booker! He is a true public servant!
Queen City Awards Cypher Pt1: via BARS FOR DAYS!! Peep it..ME & on this one
Luke's brother is coming in to town next weekend and I think that would be a good idea...
tell them hi
that sucks. My daycare provider is awesome. I can give you her info if you need it.
Thank u!!
That fake laugh you do when an old person tells a bad joke.
LIES! She did cuz of injury
didn't know that...learn something new on Twitter every day! ;-)
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge.~Eckhart Tolle
Thank you so much for the #FF love today!! Right back at you, lovely lady!!!
is it a year today that Macho Man died?
u killed the show fam! I'm going to have to collect a finders fee for all these hoes that want me 2 hook them up w/ u IJS lol
Back at work and about 75% of capacity. Be kind...
Haha its the song from my special shirt xD
I don't know the question working and some daily tracking polls oversample Republicans & whites etc
Went to set up new #Omeka install for our digital student archive on today & they go & have catastrophic outage. Not a good sign.
is it me or is all my direct messages says the same damn thing from different plp and i thought facebook was fucked up
Fuck I can't sleep..
Let's go West!
well I'm just glad you associate me with Kelly Rowland lookalikes. <U+263A>
Time to go to class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I hate when I work all this overtime and it goes to some freakin bill. that really pisses me off.
RT : I had a great time in 2010, and talk up the ASI every chance I get. Excellent theme for 2012!
www.lightingever.com
RT : Follow my evil twin
It's my child, with my babyfather -- why do I feel like I have to please my family with my decisions with 'em?
There's something there about the metaphysics of being followed by distance. They should have sent a poet.
If u fall ill be there(: - from floor!
just had a great interview with , what an awesome guy!
Note to self: NEVER go to fashion valley mall on a Sunday ever again. You would have thought it was the day before Christmas!!
TONIGHT @ The Nashville Outfit (1421 2nd Ave. N)! Telecommunicators, painted models, and a burlesque show. $7. Free Parking. We play @ 10pm.
Well, you're getting there! But... wait... then you won't be king anymore! This is a tough decision.
Teacher I talk to everyone moving my seat will not help
Well damn this sucks.
Creating multiple choice questions always suck the fun out of life, but at least I don't have to grade this time around.
I'm back nigguhz lol but yea I'm gonna start tweeting now cause I got my iPod :3
Woo hoo! Us too. Looking forward to more fun stories from you, too!
I saw you at Chicago my school was visiting from St.Louis and i bet you heard girls screaming that was me and my friends....
good luck at Keeneland this Saturday. That's the Fenway Park of horse tracks. Still pissed they switched to Polytrack, though
Thanks for the follow...hope you are having a great week. Maybe we can work together sometime.
Curious about folks' opinions both for and against teaching the Greek argument terms and structure in 101.
Can I just get my braces already?!
You are frickin hilarious!
followed back my 47 new followers lol! sry it took so long! haven't been on in a while :) go follow and ! :)
Awkward moment abs some one confuses Larry bird Bob night AND LARRY KING FOR THE SAME DAMN PERSON
Nice win by your Buckeyes over Syracuse yesterday.
Work 6-1 , I love this place :)
GOOD JOB RILEY U GO GIRL!!!!!!
#mix1 is low GI RT “: Low glycemic carbs: fruits, yams, beans, milk, oats, whole grains, wheat pasta”
Someone stole guitars from Tom Petty and took them, 'into the great wide open'.
Reason being, I am also running for assembly...in the 18th District.
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK wow... do you guys think anonymous is going to get facebook down on 5th nov?
h-e-double hockey sticks I do... Wait? Awkward?
She sound like Badu
Our current featured artist in the shop, Eric Wixon, has his art on the cover of the new San Diego City Beat.
Yeah, but there's "less smart" and then there's hiking sandals, y'know?
Shaking my head.
I HATE that I read that excerpt!I have now confirmed what I suspected thru most of the book!I am about3/4thru so maybe...
I get way too much enjoyment out of emoji
when I was younger #IUsedTo think my teenage years would be the best. Now, I wanna go back to being younger <\3
Andrew fill the whole in my heart!
on the Northside or in Greenwood could definitely accommodate. Let me know if you need any contact info.
Hey you kids, get off of my lawn!
Fine, Paul's was slightly better.
2 baby bumps in 1 English class!!!!
-Pens D need to at Least show up for 1/2 the game-And if Sid and Geno r 2 gether on a line 2 nite, Geno will score- thoughts?
i don't really start talking about football until week 6 anyway because its always to early to call anything before then anyway
- I'm relying on triple-strength home-brewed iced coffee. I may not sleep until November. AVENGERS is worth it.
& you were correct, typo on my end! Should have read whole grain!
Who cares. Michael more than made up for it.
babies are always acting like rich people.
According to my own personal facebook-esque timeline, facebook started to suck like two years ago
Podiatrist picks: New Balance: They come in five different widths. Less impressive are the popular Uggs, as they need better arch support.
there should be!
i think I am... but ..... i dont really know
Oh, Portland! We meet twice a week, every week, but we never have time to hang out.
AG Secretary Vilsack the Cabinet Member not there. If terrorists attack, SNAP program remains in good hands.
and all that ;-)
There were more rolls on Inside the NBA on tonight than in the games after picks.
HIRING: Great opportunity for front-end developers (.Net, Visual Studio, C#) that have serious skills and motivation. Philly area. Ping me.
It was, but John being so hilarious is what makes it so great. Never gets old.
We are racing here in Long Beach. What a beautiful cool California day.
Thanks for the follow Kelly! Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas...say hello to everyone!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself ~ Leo Tolstoy
yup winning
I wish he would try me ctfu
yay! Guess I'll see you then? ;-)
Check out Barb Wire Dolls! They are playing with us tomorrow at Churchills. Hope to see you all there :D
It's a media blackout and something big will happen today or tomorrow. I question who really owns that site.
Just Found Out That My Two Best Friends Hate Each Other -__- And Just When I Thought Drama Was Over, It Came Back :/
SoCal I love you. U have big green hills and 2/3 of the radio stations are in Spanish
Girl please talking about you been "bad" ^.^
yup comes out today!
Got an iPhone!!!! :D
Judges, Nick is Miami's talent! :) #TheXFactor lol
it's like '09 in your basement and i'm in love with Nevy.
Got lost on Mt Si 50mile ultra, ran back to start & found RD, he offered to drive me back to course. What?! I'm an #ultrarunner I'll run!
The Lombardi trophy needs a redesign, it's pretty lame compared to the Stanley Cup or even the BSC championship trophy
. yes we have sets, which allow you to combine your recordings into a group. Here's one from recordings on
Just google the news. I think she's dating a model? Plus it's trending right now.
what is the 1/2 A 41 game plan?
vodka? Good luck with your trip w/ kids!
Haruki Murakami,.no one dropped a bomb.We set the stage,committed crime with ourown hands,destroying R lands destroying our own lives."
shit . okay lemme ask for Saturday !
Facebook Acknowledges Privacy Issue With Applications. NOT Good.
": Never be sorry for something that you can control"
Today is National Take Your Child to Work Day! How many of you are taking your ninjas with you today??
So.... all the derby horses who don't win are destined for jerky and glue, am I right? I didn't see seabiscuit, so just assuming.
Why did you do that? Ugh no ):
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. - Dalai Lama
Need Mother's Day Gift ideas? Join us with #ESGiftChat today @ 2p.m. CST - live with Earthsavers co-owner Jackie!
Lets go Blake Griffin!
nothing im mad tired lol
2012 only has one ball and he dropped that one on the first
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most snakes are very affectionate and would love to be petted, but don't realize that they intimidate humans.
he was a beast too
Nick Johnson has just tied Albert Pujols with 1 homerun!
How many grandmothers does Mitt Dinner have? Hint, 5.
it's okay! :) I've been busy with party preparations. My sweet sixteen is this Friday!!!
"Grace makes beauty out of ugly things." - U2's Bono Vox &
I neeeddddd a favor !
There's now a shortcut between the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, courtesy of climate change.
"One of my rules is that you don't f*ck anyone else when we're on the date". LOL
RT : Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate? Use the #CRE tag so we can find you...
this weather makes us want to open up the Patio now! Well...ITS COMING SOON!
show it off...
yikes...cheer up Jer!
Vibing with at the great shows she put together
It's always funny who you see & who you miss! I've been soaking up really practical sessions at
Keep us in mind if you ever have a automotive repair need. Thanks for the mention.
Derby day on Monday is going to be so fucking
&quot;How to Increase Online Sales with a Little Marketing Moxie&quot; From ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
you know I'm only kidding , but good ! Can't wait (:
I don't get it... rude ppls.
survived an evening with the ex!! and is now enjoying rugby. Let's go England!!
Thanks for the invite.
Man, they better get a CBA deal done. This is MADNESS!!! Football's my therapy, my medicine! I'm gonna be unstable without it!
I heard you confused me as Cardenas once *_* Don't get it twisted boy!
The more presentations I listen to the more convinced I become that education is at the center of every piece of what we do.
Learn about C history at Breakheart - Wicked Local
Ay!Chihuahua Roll!! Spicy tuna roll w/guacamole, sriracha and jalapeno. New Fuse rolls to stop your hunger and make you laugh!
ME I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU I HOPE I AM ONE OF THE LUCKY 400 PEOPLE TO GET TO ME YOU
We have yet another fan. One love to the Barista at Starbucks singing #AMP lyrics as I pass by.
you have the best updates - Saturday, Cedar Tree Neck Christmas tree cutting - yes!
ordering was the only way to make him arrive. You did the right thing.
I'm at 70 followers, which is kind of exciting.
yay! Thx! More details soon. And it's actually already written! Have to allow time for it to be printed & such. Working on sequel.
no better day at work than when they order too much pizza
this dude said MGK is the fastest rapper alive...and dont even know who krayzie bone is...smh
I am missing and the kids. I'm going to clean the house as I am really bored without them.
At the running store looking for good running shoes. The salesman said "Are these 2 much pink?" There is no such thing as too much pink!
I think everybody ought to get prosperous and famous and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
I want to learn at #slbootcamp to take ees who only know f2f learning to social and mobile learning and how I can iuse ipad2 in training
"Having the world we want will not come from "voting" for it." //
#askselena favorite recent movie..?
Girls who aren't mothers
Sit your clown ass down some where
You Made My Dream Come True And I Thank You! You Made One Bad Day And It Turned Into A Huge Day! Thank You So Much!!!
I think Cie Grant put that hit on Wilson to clinch the game for the Buckeyes.
So cute to see ginny all scared about harry at the beginning and then they get married at the very very end
is a winner #whymentor with
#Apple = genius, right? So why cant I add a photo to an email I'm composing? We have #Siri but no in-email photo additions?
All done!
Likewise, Happy Passover.
Friday's #EarthDay advice: Incorporate one new thing into your daily routine that benefits nature and the environment.
Some people are so flippin bipolar now days!
isn't it weird to think: she was 2 when we were living in Allison Hall. Time sucks.
Intoxicated by The Element.
No problem at all : (...) I'm sure JCDL will be a big success; I am prob just a bit bitter about not having time to go
I swear I'm not feeling school n e more
and I'm used to you not liking me
& WASSUP DUDES? READY TO COME TO KANSAS?
[2 of 2] &then curating a real or virtual exhibit of those tweets abt that piece, to add to the interpretation/education....
show some love to your roots #WRGP #WUFI !! Ty!
You, Jennifer, Courtney, David, Matt, and Matthew are my idols! I sent you a link to a youtube video please watch it <3
lets see what today has in store for me (;
Can i get a small " Hi " It would make my life :{) i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me<'3
Working title for a new project idea is "unlit cigarettes" - realizing that I am going to have Wilco on continuous mental loop as a result.
evidently tumblr was down last night. i didn't notice. andrea and i were kicking it old school, kitten videos on youtube.
REI has camping gear, also check military surplus stores around town
Sasha Bruce Volunteers from join us this weekend for delivery - thanks! to set up your delivery day!
I don't even know why I'm going to school today..
Just average!
Breakfast at brudahs after training on a Sunday. Good times
wow - the triple dog dare. I guess RI has less to fear from global warming than a place that is routinely 110º in summer
You must decide what matters most in a day.
SMART, SEXY & TALENTED? Do you love to dance & entertain a crowd???? If so NOW'S your chance to REGISTER to become a NJSKY Dancer!! <3
I've always wondered what it's like to be a girl
GifBoom isn't letting me make gifs...it won't load my videos
wanna help me bake a cake for mom?
Just tie a rope or long string to a ceiling fan and tie a doggy toy to the other end of it, turn on the fan, auto doggy runner!
Any pearls of wisdom today? 'Cuz I got nothin'.
": Someone could offer me a million dollars to not pee on the seat of a moving bus and I'd lose every time.
Jeff Beeler () has shared a Tweet with you: "eBidjob: RT : will be on the live tonight at 9p…
Afternoon coffee is a must today!
The restaurant of live, and I've chosen the tasting menu.
Yes, Save the Cat is worth reading & learning from, but before making it your Bible, consider if you want to write movies like Blank Check.
Heading to the new member retreat! Hope they're ready
the halls were not completely closed. There were housing options for over the break, but it was up to the student to take them.
im in love but not with miami lol
In Music Meeting LCD Sound System “Drunk Girls” well it’s fun a strong DEVO quality to it
Belatedly...yes, wish you had been there too. See you I hope at SEA.
Packing for #SMWNYC I need to experience the "Lin-sanity" first hand.
she sang at Cody's Waiting4U tour, she was god!
let's make it about that now
why do lots of people think Oregon is only school he'd leave bsu for?
Good p*ssy don't never get tied" *clap clap, snap, throwing my twos* B<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>L!
Didnt reach my goal of 500 followers by today but I guess 281 isnt bad. I love all of my followers!!!
Don't forget to check out Friday Troupe's FREE Improv show "Menos Uno" at Elise's Tea Room tomorrow 7:30pm!
I like to sleep.. I just dont like to wake up or go to bed. x5
first and last time i drank that haha
If u decide to get natural hair does dat mean u goin to give a natural birth????
too late. That child has been dropped! Wow, that sounds horribly wrong...
Just got my new re-branded business cards -- 4-color with a QR code on the back!
be nice
Biggest red flag? Weddings.
There is nothing to watch on tv either :'(
had a dream that nancy gave me her own iPad for free as a gift!! subconscious desires. so generous, that , even in dreamland!
Congrats to , , & on the R&D grant that will buy them (I kid you not) an aerial drone.
Wait Where Did Everyone Get This Summer Camp Information?
": <~ pushes "close doors" on elevators when I hear people yell "hold that elevator" HAHA ME TOO!
Sometimes I wonder.
No general meeting tomorrow. Next week!
good luck!
You make up for that dive on the field the next day when your hip hurts like hell and your arm is covered in strawberries. <<
come on in! You always have friends here! No sleeping on the bar tho :)
I just watched a guy carry an unopened plasma tv box into Burlington Coat factory. I'm not sure who is more confused right now, him or me.
Sisters Denise Morrison & Maggie Wilderotter - "take a strategic approach to your career".
"The person who says something's impossible shouldn't interrupt the person who's doing it" ~ proverb (via ) cc
U.S. Stocks ended off their worst levels following news, Greece will receive another bailout payment; still closed in negative territory.
Tanking pro tip: run plays for Mikki Moore 18 foot jump shots.
Happy Mother's Day!
RT : Hey Baby!! What's hap'nin?? < I'm drawing up some blueprints for world domination!
#soonernation what round do you think will go in?
From there the adventures begin, she bring him around the ocean while he brings her on the island
EPIC show on Comedy Central tonight!! "Stoned like a Biblical Whore" fantastic
Brain port RT : T3: wouldnt it be nice if the session was recorded, translated/transcribed, and dynamically added?
Whatever it is I got..it's clearly appealing
Smokin with my mom and sis <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Looking for more beats?!...
#20thingsaboutme I love God with all my heart.
Great suggestion!! RT: “: needs to have co-host one morning!”
I definitly keep my business to myself, sorry friends weren't real friends
RT : Congratulations to all who got into their respective colleges.
ordered me a slice of though demand has been huge so I might not get to play with it until May
I Wanna Go Home And Sleep D:
i love you Livi :)
When was the last time a team had under 100 yards total offense, yet wins by three touchdowns? FSU over the Gators
At Gardensk8 ;D
To counter high gas prices drafting should be allowed on the interstate. All about better MPG.
haha alright sounds good! I might get cleared to start walking again tomorrow though!
Angling for a call-up? (Cld use him in bullpen) : Stay with it bobby Valentine I am in your corner big fan of you &the red sox
Hell yes. RT : wednesday for Hell's Bottom release and Thursday Get your local support on!
STAND UP LAFAYETTE- Aug 7-Proceeds help clean up the Gulf. OVER 12 Bands-Tapawingo Park, W. Lafayette 1-7pm/The Muse-Lafayette 8p-close. GO!
What fun will tomorrow bring?
S/o to for making my day <3 Follow Her!!!
we are all looking forward to hearing your stories. I'd love to get the extended version over lunch/coffee Grace & peace sister!
I hate cute couples.
“: We salute John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth, today on the 50th anniversary of his historic launch... .”
I have a buddy in the pits today, sent me a pic of the car ... looking good!! Hope to see it in victory lane. Go get 'em!!!
love it!
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
I'm really thinking of voting for Coriolanus Snow this November. Better president than either candidate.
I wish I could say screw it to my homework & go to sleep but my GPA can't afford it.
check your phone
The citizens of this great country need to say enough and flee the Republican and Democratic parties and deal a blow to lobbiest power
aw <3 A Scentsy was one of the best gifts iv ever recived!!
Wish I didn't have so much studying today! Looks Like a good dog walking day at
I'm curious for sure...keep me posted if you go!
You know you play too much tennis when you have to hide all the racquets and balls from your wife or girlfriend
New side hustle .... Searchin
ASU cuts the lead to 7-5 in the 4th on a sac fly. 1 down
Camel toe. Check.
are u serious??
RT : Congrats for being awarded Top Rated SEM / PPC Award in the third annual DrivingSales Dealer Satisfaction Awards
way to go!
….this time the games aren't as easy
i was till my sister called me back .
This is how you take care of business
point of ped #transpo data: people like being by people. Safety. Parklets. Pretty maps and places. Infrastructure targets. Nice
mad props tonight fun set deff a wet one!
What if the Rangers don't make the playoffs? What would have to happen between now and their hypothetical and improbable elimination? Weird.
and sexy is just part of it, slut shaming and judging is what leads to problems.
TACO TUESDAY : Half Priced Tacos : 50 Degree Weather : Margaritas? : Great Day! :)
OMG I JuSt bUrNT mY mOuTh oN My SoUp:( OUCH!!!
Evan turner traveled soo bad...smh at
yeah i did! and my pic on here is of me wearing it..haha so you can see there.
that sangria looks soo yummy right now!
will play the Newport on May 23rd! Tixs are $15 in advance and go on sale this Friday, the 6th!
I like someone:o
lazy Tuesday was made for this particular Tuesday right?
Thank you! Have a great day!
is covered in scratches from crawling in bushes and being attacked by Mari's cat. And now Mari owes her. Huge. Cue packing. Ahh, favors...
Great show tonight!
because you like to hit girls
Getting ready to revamp my blog...
*Tears* >>RT : Got damn Popeyes high as shit. $7 for a 2 piece? How long this been going on?
Caught 5 minutes of primary recall debate. Can someone please explain to me what Barrett has done in MKE so great that warrants a promotion?
No!!! you made the wrong choice
Saw THG again :)
#HappyBirthdayMockingJay :) cant wait for catching fire :)
Hi Amir, I'm in Irvine today, and am free until 3pm. Can I buy you lunch or coffee?
I love brussel sprouts. In your face, society.
In Cleveland where St. Pat's Day is huge, a parade and church services, and I have nothing green!
At least it didn't drag on for years. My fiance from many years ago dumped me, then wanted to stay friends. Yeah...no...
Sorry for my absence... Side project is all said & done! Back to the blog.
I love you Pam!
Some men choose to wear a goatee. Others favor a chinstrap, mutton chops or a Van Dyke. These days I'm sporting the "neglectful teen."
My vote for Brewers MVP is Braun and CY Young Marcum. What do you all think?
Roulette and I are not on speaking terms.
I'd like to know too! RT : Does anyone know what channel the VCU basketball game will air on tonight?
be carefull you might drop that thun thun thun & no one wants that of course .
Overheard in TB (not often in MKE): (he) Wat r u doing done here? (she): I got a job offer to bartend at the beach.
My 45,000 tweet goes to my idol I love you so much thank you for everything you do for us Mahomies. mwahh.
lol I heard!
are you serious?
Oh yay=) You gonna ride down with him on the back? OH! better yet drive your car with Gibbyyyy!! ;)
Oh no..the NBA has taken over Twitter. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
yeah definitely, fingers crossed x
Good Morning, i got NO sleep at all.
I sent u my new number
ohoh guess what i did. watched all the x factor vids and cried my eyes out. im proud to say ive been a fan since 9/30/10
Lifes Only What You Make It..
Tryin to get fucked up and parents ruin it #Graduated life soon:)
All the grading I need to do makes this the perfect sunny autumn day to organize my shelves and refresh the posters on my office door.
Almost forgot! Happy Pi(e) day!
#iLoveMyMomBecause Mum* because she's my Mum. I couldn't live without her:')
thanks. Im watching tv too. #distractions. I had like a 5hr nap so I'm wide awake now
YEAH BITCH! YEAH BITCH ! CALL ME STEVE-O !
For Wednesday in the month of June, we'd like these dates filled: 6th, 20th, 27th.
Excellent, love this Sam!
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier
#YouAintHittinItRight when u pump...the slow grind with rhythm makes it smile TEAM NO PUMP...thats not putting work PSA for the uninformed
followed & thanks!
WEEKLY RECIPES
Big ups to the homie Kev Brown for having the #1 LP on . Peace and God bless you soldier!
YEAH BUDDY IM JAMMIN 2 THA FOO FIGHTERS...XD I LOVE THAT BAND!! IM A ROCK -N- ROLL CHICK UP NEXT THE BEATLES -HERE COMES THE SUN <3
Aww That was Cute <U+2665> :)
Looking for Male/Female Pop-Rock Songwriters for TV FILM PROJECTS. email Only serious apply please
Starting at 8:00pm tonight, Only The Hits is LIVE! Today we will be releasing the first ONLY THE HITS COMMERCIAL!
It's warm outside, but SNO HAS ARRIVED AT WATTS! Stop in & view our selection of this exciting new collection. Affordable couture jewelry!
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having, a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Congratulations on the appointment of Chuck Musial as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
Back Trax bailed me out again!
LSU fan suing Alabama fan for acts after BCS National ...
": “: Bitches wear little ass shorts that show their ass for attention and get mad when a nigga looks.” hahaha"
Gettn on my bbyfavas nerves tonight lol don hve no one else to bug tonight lol
ok cool im b tht way tomorrow im gttin to the money in da white folks area
Men in Tights!!
Thanks for the Fireworks ! I really enjoyed seeing the sky light up with bright colors as I biked home.
lol thanks so much!! =)
In good spirits! 2 year anniversary today:-)
Most effective form of birth control? Tell a woman she has to fuck Rush Limbaugh.
Got advise for car-sharing newbies? Share it here.
It's my birthday today. For my birthday, I'd love for folks to send me flyers from their bowling alleys!
Have always loved Tom Gabel and it's only been reinforced now. Hope I someday have that kind of courage when it comes to ANYTHING. Much love
Raul Ibanez SCHOOLING his former team! 3-Run HR!
french toast is good yes haha :) i have a tumblr. havent updated it in forever though
ya ya ya am wit a dude his got a bad breth ha he iz making me sick n on top of dat he wnts a fb acount.
Thanks Deidre! How are things at Dragon Search?
I am totally secure with my above average size penis....
don't let it stress u! u probs already got ur money's worth :)
breakfast in bed.
that's to bad. I really wanted to see Matt and Diego go at it.
Pandora radio (an Avett Brothers flavor station) and some SLP Registration setup. Gonna be a nice afternoon.
AAAAHHHHHHHHH I KNOW IM SO EXCITEDD IM GOING TO HAVE A BLAST!! whats really bugging me tho is that we wont sleep alot:((
That awkward moment went an athlete tries to moped race you. And you win.
RT- good little sister and make the coffee/// nice.... spreadin the love
Let's trend #ryankennedy for a sweet boy with cancer. It's his last wish.. @ britneyspears
“I have decided to catch a Heffalump.”
How to embed usability testing in organizations that have mentality: "if it ain't broke, don't fix it"? Any suggestions?
SEE HOLLYWOOD TONITE OR FOREVER HOLD YOUR PEACE.
Be yourself. Trying hard to impress ends up leaving a bad impression on your date. Let them to fall in love with the real you.
Can't wait till breaking dawn part two comes out! :)
Im not perfect. But i keep trying. Cause thats what i said i would do from the start. Im not alive if im lonely. - Hedley;*
Morning tweets have a bleeding Sunday
ugh I wish you could talk... :/ im having the worst day of my life not even kidding
I'm writing out a list of everything I accomplished today so that I can feel something other than being run over by a work truck.
Grandma ALMOST got ran over by a reindeer..
omg that was so fucking funny im dying. otgmfdizol mvnzndjhf
hate I missed the chance to say hi. Hope to cross paths again soon.
just got my pizza with mushrooms.
Such a kind offer but no thank you. I'm happily taken. :3
That's fine tho
Snack Stacy’s Simply Naked Bagel Chips, Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookie, ½ Cookie (I couldn't resist, I went for the half cookie!!)
. we need these for #sangriafest2012..goes well with piggy Stardust,.
The people at the nursing home were so nice :)
The greatest feeling you can experience is when Justin Bieber notices you on twitter.
watching #DogTheBountyHunter love can't wait to see this episode with <3
If you're looking at picking up Wolf's option for $10m or paying Greinke $20m? Lose three starters = 100 losses?
Mark Cuban rules.
Never apologize for Being yourself if someone doesn't like it they don't deserve you
On the whole, I'd rather be in South Bend.
a bully is someone who hurts other people. you've bullied me plenty of times.
AND Tomorrows the last day of being on these steroids.Which means no more gaining weight,and I can finally get back to normal and go out!
#nlcatlanta You have to measure your own engagement...
Thanks for the shoutout!
Haha. No, Mon-Friday. Im Cristian. Friday Night - Sunday Night Im Diamond Star. ;D
lol thats a damn shame, you shouldn't be in trouble for "always being right". It's their damn fault! lol
Yuri said "Im sorry but 5 niggas in wifebeaters in a lil honda looks a tad bit homo" ...Lmao!!
what's up with that emoji, homes?
I wish I had some sort of motivation to actually do something with my life
homework almost done - 35 min til debate time!! woo-hoo!!
If its gay in here! Smh
If you like to have Fliers brought to you... let us know!
Jeff Saturday to the Packers? I love you TT.
Wendy's baked potato for dinner. BOO YAH!
hell yeah. Were bout to reck shit.
good morning !!!!!<U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>school is officially over for u-rise it to the roof ^ woot woot^^^<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>coming over tonight !
Once the storm has finished....
someone remind me why I chose to go to a CHARTER school..
RT You had me, YOU fucked up, now you regret it & IDGAF
RT #Virgo's quest for perfection is never compromised, and that's evident in the work you do.
yeah I think I did hear him say something about Oahu. Lol
The only reason Mitt "can't wrap it up" is because of the destructive naysaying of Kruiser types.
Our reporter at the scene believes it's about to be detonated.
Police search Minneapolis fire station find drugs inside. 3 people including a firefighter arrested. KSTP-TV at 5pm.
So envious of John Peel's record collection it makes me want to barf.
4-not engaging people; 5-not selling to them; 7-making sure your webhsite is actually converting
Wtf ! Lately I've been going to sleep early a'f!
I still don't understand how the Castronovo'a were "losers" in school.. Da faq
OMG just rode my first rOlLeRcOaStEr like duh....the titan!!! s0o0o scary
yeah summer beauty,
it's gonna be so hard to find a bar showing All Dogs Go To Heaven!
and if Biden hadnt said what he said, he would still b silent on marriage.
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere.
RT : Having a blast! rockin' it tonight! .... Thanks for calling! WTF!
I had to cancel my first show ever, but no worries, Ruben Uriarte who was to be on last Mon will come on The Outlander Feb 27th!
But that family portrait including the old man was not a military photo.
We @ the Sheraton Abq Uptown are sorry to hear about the passing of your Grandpa.
So I want to make a page that is a Browns player, because almost all of my followers are Cleveland fans..
thanks guys!
For those who have thought: I wonder what Erikka thought about this week in politics...check out tonight Ch.8 8 & 11pm
#iwoulddoanythingfor my family there my life <3
That was a really good report - made me sit still and listen instead of "skim" over his words in my usual hurry
It's easy to point fingers. But it's time for us grown-ups to "grow up" and teach our kids right from wrong.
Have a wonderful weekend friends!!
I'm an archives paraprof in a uni, but I skim CHE headlines several times a week to keep my finger on pulse of higher edu trends
Theres nothin a little saturday night live cant fix.
On my way to tempe for an important interview!! Then shopping for my photoshoot on Saturday:-)
Ooh baby I can give up my GMail, Netflix, Zappos, iTunes, eBay - all kinds of juicy logins
I pictured Katniss as more Ellen Page, though Jennifer Lawrence played the part quite well.
Also Zach galafanakis luve at the purple onion is great RT : Any recommendations for good standups on Netflix?
How about "Pirates Of the Caribbean, City Beneath The Seas"?
Reminder: Monday, Feb. 20 is a student holiday and staff development day. School and central offices will be open.
Oh these times are hard and they're making us crazy. Don't give up on me baby.
lol how many people have to say something to make it trend????
All thezse hoes Do the Freak Shit For Attention my First Instinct as a Nigga Gone Always Be
only if I can be the little spoon <U+26A1><U+2614><U+2614><U+26A1><U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
not their personals. Maybe Braiden's but the other, no. The band will follow you at random times
I'm still wasted...and I'm at work. WAY TO BE A WINNER!!!
miss you love! You coming to Milwaukee at all this summer?
Hey internet, will be coming to the SF Bay Area to do a clinic and show. Stay tuned for details and get excited!
dang! that's quite some company to be in!
QT : I can't control how I feel
10 mile hike to The Bridge To Nowhere in the San Gabriels. Tired and happy.
and then give up a grand slam on your first pitch
7 more days until we give away two tickets to one of our twitter followers. just RT us
odd-hour birds
Just don't play Need You Now! Ack!
ah! thats so awesome! is that all the original characters in it?
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain..
thanks sweetie
good night people i'm back again
that person just makes me laugh. :D
I've checked it out, and damn it works great with Photoshop and AI, it's officially in the workflow. Time saver.
RT : There should be an extra day built into the week just for sleeping.
Men getting married, If you don't acknowledge the red flags before marriage, believe me you'll see them again if you get divorced.
Your heart is where I want to be
Best way to pack out your #4c12 panel: be Richard Lanham.
Steal away - hope it can be of help.
Thanks and welcome to all my new followers! Been super busy with a huge project..more tweets coming soon - promise!
Didn't really find anything offensively dumb besides the condescending hip hop blogs comment.
I've just hit another hill where I realize how *little* I really know about computers… need to learn some of everything.
You'll get the there!
Decorated & finished shopping .. Now ready for the week.. Game night & 2 thanksgivings woo .. I love the holidays!!! <3 <3
I'm number one.
Should I get an eyebrow piercing or tongue? :oo I need help choosing one.
Idek what that means, but GL getting it, man. ": I might have to get my meat twirked tonight."
The first bout goes to Travis Thaxton, who defeated Kyle Johnson 2:58 Round One from TKO Strikes
I love you :)
why you say that?
ask around town. Your bound to find someone good
Who has gym first block?
recently 1st msg rec'd fr young lady was "here's my # give me a call" i never did!
There really is no better feeling than handing the approved final files off to a client. Such satisfaction of a job well done.
o.o que?
your picture makes you look fat like me.
#FF Friday the 13th Follow to Check out their podcasts too!
What a hipster... :D
I told the world that you are gonna need turn on axis cause it is my year. AND IT DID
Thongs Are Cool
Yes finally got my Insanity DVDs!
welcome to my hometown!
Ah Clifton's. There is no better atmosphere in town.
Big day at the house coming up!
"Choose life...take the points..." OR is this just more ANTI-SCOTCH bigotry from me?
I mean in the series vs. the spurs but yea Westbrook and Durant is a problem one of the best Duos I seen in my life
my brother and his big foot broke my dogs glass plate :-(
High school turns us into the people we said we would never become.
Me too": MAN IM TIRED AS HELL"
louis , u look like eleonor :o
Myself, I'm not interested in fame. I like having an influence on large groups of people but only to give away info I have learned.
Omfggggg my feet hurt
I've noticed that, too. Causes many mistaken identities in Google image search.
Weekly racing is so different out there! ": Need to go on a California Sprint Car tour sometime..."
I have the most selfish, self-distructing aunt in the world. <U+E40E>
Just got the best and most important e-mail ever!
Westminster Presbyterian Church's #babycontest last evening was uproarious and the babies adorable.
yeah. We felt bldg shake. Evacuated but going back now. Freaky!!! Ur sis in DC?
Big goal by Gaborik! Rangers needed that
Yaaaaaay!!! My life size poster of Tony Danza came in!!!!!!
thinks your beautiful. <3
blah blah blah
#iwishicould drink Cuban coffee and eat cake pops all day. Come on by, and we'll make your dreams come true :)
Peyton to Jets? Puh-lease!! Weather, division with Pats, bad locker room, unrealistic expectations: are EACH deal-breakers.
Come to ny and I'll be your personal guide I would be honored and would be cool to meet you
- You should check out a BTAN at Has anyone from Filene ever visited BancVue? You have a lot in common.
Austin Mahone is a name I will never ever forget ; he changed my life .... &' I love the way he always cares for us everyday. I love you<3
Then again... "no cat anywhere, ever gave anyone a straight answer."
It's a great feeling to know that our team consists of only A players because we focus on bringing BEST to every endeavor
Wish I could go to France next weekend to watch the semifinals and possibly a Federer and Nadal final.
Arrived #tedxhuntsville location-registration next
S/O to you killed that Adele cover...
don't tell
tomorrow is TWOsday! Two for one piercings by Chris AL DAY! questions? call us!!
Just voted for Megatron on the next Madden case
So jealous. A favorite of mine for sure.
I see him wit me no Stevie Wonder
the environment, etc., etc., etc. Not one has a comprehensive plan - C'mon Guys, the Artic is Melting, you know ? No time for pussy-footing
Ignorance is going to kill society
Listening to Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels at the Business Summit, Indiana improved its charter law this yr supported by the Gov
nana had a body like 80 years ago....
Thanks for the RT!
Whats up w my goons today
not exactly sure yet. I'll keep you posted
Enjoyed it as well. No shame in admitting that #ilovechickflicks, and #CrazyStupidLove is indeed a great one.
I've given you too many chances.
Follow for some GREAT quotes .(:
Dear Red Robin, your service was not up to par today and that hurts me because I <3 you. :o(
chair Patrick Eurek is listing several MOD successes in SA last year, including some great programs here.
Perfect. Absolutely Perfect. RT Sunday morning = newspaper + coffee
www.Pledge4Patriots.com been asked to attend the CHASE BANK Networking event on E50hwy and Econlockhatchee, Orlando, Florida our first event
I think you should def come thru..so see you, and the rest there!
At Menlo Grill for lunch. Possibly the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had...
dude we could...i know dbz like the back of my hand lol
Apparently I'm Generation Y.
If all goes well, i will be releasing a full length album in late Spring.
So tired, I wish I could win the lottery, drop out, and sit on my lazy ass the rest of my life!
And just like that, 3pm rolls around. :(
i just pre-ordered my copy of #sweetdesigns whoo hooo so excited for this #mom to take charge in the kitchen!
Had breakfast and it was POP TARTS....yumm
falling in reverse is in town...if this was 4 years ago i would be there. but im not going by myself
damn... ii don't know why ii set my expectations up so high && in the end, im just let down :/
story. of. my. life. RT : I always have a bobby pin... except when I need one.
<closes 6 windows>
Love your profile pic! Such a cute dog!
I'm what the spaniards call el terrible.
They had these cops on tap beating and stomping this 15 year old. Then the woman who turned the tap in got fired and lost her job.
Hope you take a trip to #Denver this weekend.....start thinking #golf!
My first St. Patrick's day in 4 years that I haven't been at SXSW. Bummer! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I just think they have more time on their hands.
email to set up a date ad time
IdoBasketball.com is up and running! What a wonderful day! Come in and find videos, tutorials, blogs and book me for private coaching...
I've been here for a while and I will continue to be here. I just hope I'm doing it for a good reason. That I'm not wasting my time waiting,
Good Morning! Are you taking any risks today or will it just be another shuffle through your life?
Yep. They'd better get this crap fixed by the time UK comes on. I hate ESPN.
Watching The King's Speech on blu ray while enjoying my day off.
I wanna party and bullsh*t. That's just how we do!
Yay! What a relief.
I think we're heading out to see the boor tides tonight? Anyone else?
Tomorrows friday.
Stocks down big this AM
thanks man I owe you 1
WELL... ON THE FACEBOOK LINK GOOD SIR....STAY TRUE TO SELF MOFOS
GreeNHouse! Tonight! Red Handed... Okc's hottest DJ! Come get away from finals!!! $1 beer!
yep I gave u credit though.
"I don’t shy away from any opponent. My heart doesn’t pump any Kool Aid, only blood." - Antrel Rolle is ready
Just found out my horse my dad bet for me was in the lead until the very end and got second
it's fine, aha (: thanks! You'll probably get emailed tomorrow!
All kinds of random thoughts. So...I'll just tweet them lol.
Why the hell does Royce annoy the shit out of me!?!
Apparently I didn't get it earlier.
its not that i know how to be a man or how hard it is to be one does not mean i'm stupid enough to think that our one
Been down about the whole playoffs thing then I realized hey atleast I don't look like and I still have you
Today's international kissing day... WHERE ARE YOU? lol
lol i do but this is actually just my backup account cus i get tweet limit… but ima be on my other account more:)
so you dont hit tha gym no more? and all i need is a purple band and them 115 lbs weight set?
Anyone want to see the Pros and Cons trailer this week?
how r u doing???
Petition signing day -successful! It was wonderful meeting so many of our neighbors in 5 groups of 2. Pix coming!
I know its crazy. We had planned to interview today but the whole site is down for a few hours.
you're 2 good.
TGIF! Finally! :D looking forward for this weekend (y)
Completed gap analysis of StratML Part 2 4 draft NIEM profile in yet to be created Planning and Accountability Domain.
Damn come on now! Find some energy from some where!! Shut that shit down you can do it.
Thanks for RTing the post. Scott always offers such good advice.
Guys, always maintain eye contact when you're talking to her. It let's her know that you are only paying attention to her.
idk it's like a messing up twitter day haaha lolz
We may fight , but no fight will ever change the feelings I have for you nor will it change how bad I wanna be with you .
that's why they pay you the big bucks
Twitter: A mess full of fake Justin Bieber profiles.
Y'all may vary across the south, I'm just speaking from my experiences in NOLA
The reason why it never worked with anyone, is because the right one is still out there.
Wraped on Mahogany Sunrise.Id like to thank the cast and crew.Everyone was amazing!
Reminder to current students: Don’t forget to submit Winter 2012 Registration forms to the Registrar’s Office by Monday, October 31st!
lol always gotta start an argument.. Yea we haven't argued in a while lol
can we do thursday next week? I'm going to brave crossfit on tuesday. or we can do late tues?
There is a contact tab/form on everyone's profile page.
FF the best men in the labor movement
YOU GUYS ARE SERIOUSLY THE CUTEST COUPLE OUT THERE!!! You guys are the best! Love you both!
Half these hoes on fb postin sexy pics broke as hell and livin at home or wit a friend.
Papa johns is the best pizza EVER...
Hipsters should thank for his ironic quotable gifts. #MercurySurfboard #BiWinning #TigerBlood #
You'd think these guys were playing on Soldier Field in November the way they're dressed.
Thanks for the heads up! I remember watching a film where an 8-yr old was breastfed in 1 scene. He said, "Yummy, tacos." Eew
I'm so sick of these storms!.
What...No more Keith on MSNBC. What will I do
First two parts of the Euryhthmics final done and no one even died!
Know who you are, whats important to you & be Proud of it!! Do not apologize, just be you and go for it!!! WORK IT!!!! :)
Twitpic out of date, go to myspace/massiverocketradio for a flyer for tonight benefit for the Haiti disaster benefit "210 to Haiti"
Four Minutes.
Steen is on a mission from a higher power here and he won't let anything stop him from achieving his goals. Steen grabs Mike by the throat.
RT : Have a great sunny weekend
will host practice at the Oriole Lane school in Mequon Sun March 11th and Sat March 24th from 9-11 AM. New players welcome!
nine minutes to quittin' time. Then I gotta go buy some toilet paper.
What's your suggestion for the best tool to convert .mov files to .mp4, AKA iPad compatible?
have u ever seen a kfc buffet in n e hood before.
headed to the boat
RT Art - Dragon St. 1st Thursday. Galleries stay open late. Park & catch multiple openings. 5/7 Dallas Design District.
Diiabetuus RT : And with that news, Willard Mitt Romney is set to top Wilford Brimley as the biggest Mormon star ever.
I must be too old. Never paid any attention to the BB's.
At the end of a long day, having avocado-tomato toast and finally listening to the new Leonard Cohen record. Bliss.
hey man ! One of our best yet. Fun night
THINKIN BOUT BEIN CELIBATE FOR AWHILE......
Sam will finally learn something too!
Now obsessed with & gossip girl... #completelyfabbb!
very funny guys...sad thing is, 1time I said wanted 2go 2 it cause I want2dress up&wear a nice hat..haha
GOT SOME NEW MUSIC TAKE A LISTEN AND FOLLOW ME AND and
Attending The American Legion Department of Indiana Spring Conference's general session.
layin in bed with my gorgeous puppy(: phone died &im to lazy to go look for my charger.c: skype?
Love B B & B too much. Always need to stay focused or I end up with neat stuff I don't really need in basket.
Nasty!....that's something you keep to yourself
Well, that went well.
Thanks for the snow weather people but it only closes school if it sticks
We're heading out to tonight and tomorrow! Have a fantastic weekend from your friends at BlueGrace Logistics!
mental debacle
A little chilly this morning, but decided to wear my 1st spring dress in anticipation of 75 degrees and sunny skies.
Love your Hair for the rest of your life Salon Ramsey www.salonramsey.net 404.841.1499
Beginning to think that the fact that you affiliate with dim-witted marble dealers is a sad attempt at rapping in shady Oklahoma night clubs
OH YEAH OMG
The color blue has a calming effect. It causes the brain to release calming hormones.
Looking forward to the photo exhibit "Homeless is Not My Name" at MIAD 10-15. 6-9pm.
just trying to keep it real.
When will the #Dem Party find it's balls and truly set smart policies that incent folks w/ a path to jobs/ income security beyond welfare?
i had a terrible day. i came to work and found out a co-worker took his own life. you can only push someone so far.....
Comedian on David Letterman tonight was very funny!
www.RegimeChangeMusic.com to download my new album for free only for te summer. Plz let me know what you think. Okai Haiti
Treasures tonight goin b crazy b there
I would, but sadly i'll be out of the country the day of the race. Just read bout DetermiNation tho, pretty great idea
Strange things in Alaska weren't strange things expected. Most American place ever been! and apple pie everywhere!
samee but you never know, emotions are always high and low, what's the point if it's fun at first then you find out its wrong
RT thank you so much! : Here's to supporting the boys, <3
“: South Korean customs agents find thousands of pills filled with powdered baby flesh."
I need to add some items to the lil tyke's wardrobe.
315k on dinner. one of the chipleaders. like 90 left 36 pay. having fun battles with
Enjoyed the Meyer story. Heading to 'gate x2 next month for nephews graduation then '82/Thirteen reunions.
Ron has the entire Blue team wrapped around his finger... You keep losing because you refuse to vote off your weakest player.
Carson = Crypt Keeper
RT : Wanna know a secret? Content is not king. Quality, contextually relevant content is.
My Dad: "Amir how do I reply to this email?" …. just in case you were wondering my social media obssession isn't genetic
Sorry, Dan - arena was booked Saturday. But as an STH you will be receiving a free ticket to Friday's game
Yes. At least that's the goal.
Thanks for the follows! and and and and ! Have a great day!
That's IMPOSSIBLE! Cus the whole Universe knows that #ILOVEYOUMOST! #ENDOFSTORY. XD.
Oh look! A stream that works!
I need someone to go on a walk with me / go get ice cream. No one is responding to my texts.
1-0 #Tribe, man the indians are playing a MUCH better brand of baseball this year. How many wins do u think they get this year?
Just gave my son his first haircut, a buzz on #5, without mom's knowledge. I think I may be in trouble.
Taking it one step at a time. I'm just happy I can see the staircase.
“: Ok I see you pacers” just remember what i said that one day
I wish i could walk up to a guy that i like and tell him how i feel.
minutes away from warm brie salad and fresh baked bread in the house!
It'd be an awesome fight though!
NP ;) RT Thank you to for yummy delivery breakfast!
Can't believe we are already in week 5 of Spring season. Plans are in the works for Summer. Then fall. Then Merry Christmas.
thanx elke; that large a gathering of committed believers/ministers has got to be awesome
Nice... I will def look at bookpedia!
yeah Blake u need to work on some baseline/post moves this summer
Great #Rembrandt exhibit, yes, but let's not forget the Gala Opening Party Fri June 22nd! Last year's theme was "Bella Naughty"
okay Just to get one thing straight I know Austin things before you a lot too! and Justin lol
I love you best friend!!!!
I'm committed to this dream! I'm not gna stop until I'm playing with the stars!
Phyllis makes THE best blueberry muffins....period.
are they treating you good?
Indeed, time is the factor here. I may figure out a way to fit it in, or maybe have a coding party at GLS!
Driver: best smile in the league.
Go Team Alex Russo!! I knew she would win!! I'm still sad that WOWP will be no more but good luck with future projects :)
busy week of prep for a great week and event in Indy... Lookin fwd to #Tiant sticks w/good people out there
Off work !!! Finally
Picking up at DFW
Take advantage of the unexpected to do the unexpected. Seize it, don't waste it.
Friends! I know ~ this Job Adventurer has been quiet.. you know us Bears (Me the Cubs Fan) like to rest up so we can Bring It:) I'm Back!
wish they would have kept the time the same. can't get the kids and get anywhere by 6. Really want to see a reserve game!
Country music. <3
The tall guy in Lady Antebellum has a HOT wife!
Me to 6 year old, "so, what's your favorite class at school so far?" 6 year old, "RECESS!!". From the mouths of babes!
Thanks for the mention!
IF YOU'RE FROM OHIO AND LOVE RYAN BEATTY FOLLOW NOW AND GET A CHANCE TO MEET HIM.
Stephen A. Smith Is Destroying Tim Tebow Right Now! Hilarious!
“: IT IS WHAT IT IS!!! GREAT SEASON #STEELERNATION THOSE OF YOU TALKING CRAP WILL BE BLOCKED” block away
is it ever cool for anyone lol
haha I'm gonna have to do! I sing all the time but so out of tune, its dreadful! Jeeeze hahah
I'm on the pulling teeth diet. On my way to slimming down!
Hummingbirds in Cincinnati this past weekend too | RT : Hummingbirds have returned to the CO Rockies!
I'M CRACKING UP. OMG. MACY GRAY SINGING MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE. This is great.
Headed to to check out the bikes and have lunch! Yippee!
Anyone at Pickles??? Impromptu night at the yard
I Just got my internet back! Thank god! I missed my friends on here and my friends back in New york! I wanna go back! :'(
": The taps will start flowing two weeks from today - we'll drink to that!" I'll be there!!
#BOSU challenges balance, coordination, strength and endurance. Sign up and burn some mega calories! Call us and feel the burn!
uuuuggghhh I hate my mom!!!!! #shehaseveryexcusetomakememad!!!!!
In international-ticket limbo land. Hope we figure this out in the next couple of days.
Ted Nugent for Vice President!!!
Corey Smith and Florida-Georgia Line take over Majestic Theatre tonight! Show starts at 8 p.m.
Thank you for the mentions and RTs! Grateful for your ongoing support!
#BigWest analyst crew on CBS2 in L.A. with coaches Dan Monson of #LBSU & Bobby Braswell of
leave. Me. Alone. It was actually a general statement, don't flatter yourself.
Think of how much pussy you're gonna get.
Up early back on grind mode, where u at?
New brakes. Whoa Nelly.
Rock & Roll Marathon was a great event. The people of Wash DC were amazing! Great comm support. Perfect event coord. Amazing sites. Loved it
i feel like everyone os agnoring me!!:(
they ain't helping him win either
Remember when sayin "U ain't bout it bout it"usually meant sOmething was bout 2 happen?
I have strep :( I hope I can talk tomorrow because the doctor said I could return to work since I won't be contagious.
Winner of 10pm Trivia Question will be chosen at 10:45pm EST
With screening of Raising Oliver, an documentary
You'll HATE us if you like over paying and bad customer service. Let us show you what a real contractor should be like.
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
cuddle weather on staten island right now.
hahaha right? Just wait till this weekend
RT I don't think you want me just as bad as I want you.
There is also a "Paranoid Park". Related? RT I think I saw Punishment Park...oops, wrong movie, same title :)~
Back by popular demand, "Cool Stuff from my Desk Friday." Stay tuned.
#17Days #BOYFRIEND #Believe so excited !
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is someone to truly love her.
I knew it was you : ) I just didn't know if you were headed somewhere super classy.. like a themed frat party ; )
There's a commercial for diapers where a bunch of animated kids see who can shit their pants the most and are given a 1-10 rating.
I miss you ;(
Reno ranks # 50 on a list of green cities (Cars.com), based on the percentage of searches on their Website for hybrid vehicles.
We're taking your trivia questions on the Sporting Explore app. You'll get extra points if your question is selected!
Lets go #Brewers! Lets go!
Ok. I guess you can tell Im not making tracks today. But im making money!!! O and anybody who has done bizz with me thank you.
omgg thanks so much!<3333 that literally made my night!<333 you're such a cutie!(:
Packed crowd for #CompCloud 2012 keynote- the fun is about to begin!
So much food kmg Never eating again
#bringroseyback. Gotta let keep the # tho
Yes its still going on ..30 cent beers are still here until december 30th, come on in and see us..
just kickin it on a Saturday evening enjoying life. How u doin
haha if your lucky :P
Clipper won!!! Now they Play the spurs!
I mean Mothers day in England was like two months ago! :O
25% OFF Private Semi-Annual Sale Use code SPRING25 Ends 4/12
Fred Hammond's new CD - God, Love & Romance does not disappoint it is really good.
Carl is a idiot
Enjoy your orientation - good luck!
ok I'm there.
IM FAKE
It's cool to see parents of children with diabetes and gluten intolerance when they find www.yestocookies.com
Ken Dilger was interviewed on local news...mentioned Tony and TCA both.
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough.
Beautiful wedding day for fantastic day at Huntington Beach!
that just struck something...
Thanks for the follow Sergio!
Twelve hrs shooting .... Tomorrow twelve hrs again .... I'm beat :-(
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
well my mom yelled at me for being messy -.-
DANG GOD IS SO GOOD
are you sure that was while we were there? mighta been fall of freshman year, when i didn't know how to do anything.
Factor 3 is frustrating, but IMHO Factor 1 is a better guide: is the amount apt for legit #fairuse purpose? Not redundant.
Woke up to the smell of fried oreos. Damn you Aileen D':
thanks Denise today, 11am part of demand side roadshow
Jansen was lights out... Should have let him at least start the ninth
My father is a kind-hearted man
In that case, SW Virginia needs people who think like you do!
Celine Deon's intv. on GMA is stupid, useless and she's an idiot.
Haven't seen a single tweet about spinning or hot yoga yet today. Thank you, Super Moon!
Just us this time, I think. I made it to 1448! #1k1hr <-- I don't know about you but I had to rip the words out today :/
People will show you who they really are if you give them some time.
#googlesync does not appear to be working with latest #chromebeta?
See us today at the 29th annual Ft Pierce Chili Cook-off. Supporting the local Boys & Girls club. What a great time and great cause
Good Morning everyone!!! We have a great show planned for today. See you soon!
Raked two pots and lready up 400bb!
Just booked a driving lesson, explaining I'm 28 & my parents made me do this. I haven't heard such hearty laughter in a long time
A girl is happiest when she knows that you make her your everything. In front of everyone, every time.
My pleasure, thanks for connecting!
These dances on dancing with the stars look amazing!
Not enough people are asking why we don't have a taco stand in the lobby of our building.
: always sir, always ;-)
At school with we are so boared help us waitin for ouur ride
is this a Cars duet?!
Dad: Nunez dropped it. Me: shocker
Lady Antebellum on #TheVoice! <U+E328>
Great insights from dinner: Marketing initiatives around particular brand attributes more manageable and measurable
Sem G: Delorenzo: history of s/c tech services: format to functional to team-based approaches
what do you recommend??
we'll try to help make it happen, then!
In the case of a tie, the man wins, and the lady is thrown in jail
Check us out for our octoberfest discounts. www.musicalstop.com
I am reading so many tweets on my time line that are making me laugh so hard. :) :) :) this is awesome
i was thinking for myself but i guess we can share!
2011 wasn't that bad of a year. Now let's make 2012 even better!
Don't you hate it when people complain ... (lol)
Quick someone give dirk the flu so he can do amazing again
Congratulations Matthew Veety! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Oh, yeah! Pancake House, then a hike at Letchworth - gotta love 70s in mid March!
if god hates anyone tis the taliban. also just throwin in a extra thought"may god have mercy on my enemies for i shall not."
was told today they do not yet have plan for UNIV 1010 retake.
In the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years
thanks for the repost
Weep & Groan; Bawl & Moan watching
The Warriors will end up in SF someday. Ed Lee's just being a politician.
Annoyed that Twitter only lets us have 10 lists: I need like 15. I have a huge list in a text-file of all my peeps that are into
“: I try and play hard for NY as John Starks did bak in the day! It was super dope to have him at the game tonight"
Who's riding in Reach The Beach? Send your pic from the ride and get $10 in driving credit.
I swear! Sometimes u just can't take people serious so instead I'm goin to take them for what they present themselves to be
Remember the new OT rules. If we get there of course.
Dude, These people at the hospital check stuff sucks booty hole !
They never fail who die in a great cause. -George Gordon Byron
Did you figure out how old Grandpa is? I'm thinking 91... ??
she is very excited about her compliment
ok just tell me who is it about? so i can get excited lmao!!!xDD
If you want something healthy drink sugar free Rockstar, it has no sugar so it's healthy and good for you
wow, read 1/2 of Battle Hymn book last night, so entertaining! Love Hana's sassy chapters offset w/your wit.
i suggest buying a paper. Support us poor sportswriters
Another day, another boudoir photoshoot groupon.
If someone keeps telling you that you're trying to control them, the reality is they are probably trying to control.
Thanks for the follow! ;-)
is it bad if i find myself asleep more than awake?
I KNOCKED THAT PUSSY OUT NOW SHE NEED A CAT NAP!!!!! (IS IT TOO EARLY FOR THIS??) LOL
Hahah okay ! nothing is happening
Bravo guys! That was rockin!
Don't forget your mom this Mother's Day! Maybe get her some roses? M Hmm.
My background is just too sexy. <3
What are Jews supposed to do on Easter? Everything is closed!
'Dab or not to dab?' seminar right now at the Med Can Cup...
on Disney xd marvel master spiderman vs venom U need to check it out ...great job again!
Woot! Can't wait to see you back in Madison!
thanks for coming in. What did you think?
IN THE AIR THE MIXTAPE DROPPING SEPT. 1ST
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature. Zeno
aww thanks love! :D
“Each day comes bearing its own gifts. Untie the ribbons" - Ruth Ann Schabacker
#NP Black Sheep - "Flavor of the Month". We finish writing a rough draft on them, cool group who just couldn't get by the sophomore jinx GM!
RT : Calling all AU alumni! RT us so we can reach 2K followers by 4/30, and we'll send you AU goodies, so you can show your...
“: your account is sending spam messages.” I got one from you too
RT : There just isn't any pleasing some people. The trick is to stop trying. Robert Mitchum
thanks a bunch. :D
Girls U14 YellowJackets play in state championship game Saturday morning at The Edge
RT : I've slept with Max. I've slept around in Portland. Now
I would forget the pie. Fml
because he's a senior he may play right away.
#FALCONS looking really Good today... #DirtyBirds 4life
JUSTINS JUST. I CANNOT.
Not good, hope it's not his trigger finger. “: My sons friend cut his finger off at my house while I was at work. This sucks”
are you going?
Watching "Survivor: One World" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I think I might have it down to 1-2hours:) depends how I do my hair!
#HappyBirthdayTrigga love you baby
Practicing your signature over and over again just in case you become famous.
I'll be on Sports Plus with on and at 11:35pm tonight as we wrap up the #Caps season
Teaching 8am class this morning
is sexy a'f! Just sayin.
I love the Mario Bros. points sound that you hear repeating in the background after the roar of the crowd!
I'm excited for this class, too. Lots to talk about, and these client projects are going to be awesome!
down town coral gables. Alhambra and lejune. Come check us out!
That moment when all you can do is shove your face into a pillow do you hope the tears will disappear
Playing with Aaron Carter and Ryan Cabrera May 31st at the CrockRock In Allentown Pennsylvania! Stoked ha
I don't think he sounds like one much at all, but he really, really looks like one.
#FoodAllergyAwarenessWeek - great info for parents from Dr. Kelso on this morning.
And the oven in the staff lounge set the fire alarm off. I swear, today is Monday disguised as Tuesday.
“ I have tried 99 times and have failed, but on the 100th time came Success is more attitude success. than aptitude.
We'll see what we can do, and get back to you!
Another reason I'm moving there post-grad RT Find hillsides lined with aspens shimmering in gold and red hues here: bit.ly/oncvV7
[Campus Bulletin] Today is Campus Safety Day! So... I don't know, wear a helmet or something.
To support your participation in Movember, participating Kennedy's locations will trim your moustache for free this month!
Super cute!
Yep, got blasted during flag football and used my arm to brace my fall. It's also my throwing arm, so it's probably sore.
all the guys i like make me laugh on a daily basis, i swear<U+2665>
Kaleigh and Ashleigh invited for a special audition with Joyce Piven for her upcoming production!
thank you for the RT :)
hey there. ready some of your articles on TiP! Can you DM me your email? I'd like to talk to you about a few things. Thanks bro
$4000 and it's yours!
Ok, I remember the company, but also the spiced nuts. Yum!
I really want to take a NOH8 photo with my sister ().
Saw today (: pretty cool! Miss you girll!
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
Nice! Thirst quencher RT :
it's Friday!!!! Woohoo!!! We're really rooting for the sun to come out :)
What is your favorite mobile app?
Matt whats wrong?
Dont be Haters ..Bulls fans
hell yeah it was so crazy and the weather was nice as hell .. next trip u hav to come
could you join us in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk possible Bulls/Rockets trade? on live 5-9 am. ty.
What do you think of our new #hookah product?
You know you live in a college town when you see someone eating breakfast on the way to class and it happens to be pizza.
Your videos should be like 4 hours long please?
Its not even my birthday but he wanna lick the icing off
Fun like watching a train wreck!
now I need a big house with a barn to buy me a Linotype
ah LIFE in nola, what more could you ask for :)
but what if I am really honest..but dressed as a clown?? Still take me seriously?
Nevins thinks NBC should focus on three unscripted shows for fall.
I happen to think the comparison is flattering.
"Just a small town girl?" You are a divine creature of God ..Special in every way!
My dad is cominf today ha ha
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
I want a bad boy [;
thank u me too
Aw thanks babygiirrllllll!!! and I thank you (((:
Miss you Grandpa, wish you were here. Christmas won't be the same without ypu
Off to #SC to see the lovely & get hitched, grab lunch with & #run the #ReedyRiver 5k! :)
Are you willing to let God be God in your kids' lives? Or, are you still trying to be God in their lives? You have to let them go.
Tnight on ABC5 News :30: Coverage of the IMT DSM Marathon, plus why protestors from Occupy Iowa were attacked last night.
I think I have a serious case of tissue paper poisoning...Merry Christmas Everyone!
Check out todays Groupon for the Festival!! 30,000 tacos from 25 teams + live music and activities for the kids.
Rehearsing for our show tomorrow! Ay ya yai!
Dreamed I met and told him he was a jerk for tweeting Avengers spoilers.
ah,missed your convo about FAUST! My tip: see live HD broadcasts. All closeups, you hardly notice the production!
Just had to lose my shirt
haha the food was quite delicious, I won't lie!
We easily diminish the power of the great #IAM when we listen to the voice of darkness.
Breakfast with the moms now dinner with the a Lucky Villaintte enjoy your Sunday peeps <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
fist half-decent sleep last night since the bebe. feeling refreshed
wow that's an orange office.. 8L
looking at pictures from 4 years ago..i miss having long hair :(
killed it tonight. Always fun merching!
We’ve seen the special performance of du Soleil @ #drupa 27 times we still LOVE it! hall 8b Hurry!
Dont worry, the only thing Rickie is killing this year is his own batting average
how are ya?
hahaha, nope:) hot will be the 110+'s. You see why my running club in summer is the 4amclub instead of the ; )
if you’re BF doesn’t get u a Chocolate Library TLC Basket, it might be time for a regime change of your own!
“: good luck to aka "miss always on time" in the #wpt today” <-- best nickname ever!
Bulgaria. And you?
good point. I'm the rare person who prefers buying a whole series rather than watching online. Recently I bought $150 of DVDs.
Morning, u've done it again.
. Optimism. if don't believe you're going to succeed, how will anyone else. higher level: Faith. in ideas and people
we are okay right?
When u think differently on how to leverage sm, it opens the possibilities
Aesop Rock - Daylight
still sick D: a healthy dose of tennis tryouts should fix me right up though! #cantwait #obsessive #sick !!!
I AM 25!!! (in that voice you know )
NYC Printing 123 offers Rush Custom sign Printing for all types of businesses at an affordable price. Call 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420...
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
lol love you too (: & of course you will. let me know how it goes bc even though I'm 4 hours away, I still care! :P
Be sure to 'like' our sister restaurant
I saw :) Haha did you spy me? I made the trailer!
The Weather Channel is all over these storms in Houston.
No question about integrating mobile is considered to be "dumb". Are you considering a mobile strategy in your marketing mix, we can help.
austin or alex?
Egg white omlet, gym, then on to a productive day!!!!
So and I were just sitting on her couch laughing our faces off at your quoting us. I think we love you.
LOL thats what we were seeing when she fell and broke her ankle!!! i almost completely forgot about that until now.
Watching my strange addiction and this women is addicted to drinking her own urine. Word! Thats nasty:(
plays The Pearl! Tonight in Dallas - show starts at 9:30. This is one not to miss - Lewis Stephens on piano & other special guests!
Israel better quit. Not joking
Watching old reruns of High Stakes Poker. I have about 200 episodes recorded and watch when nothing interesting is on TV.
First Delta flight with the new economy comfort seats... I approve, Delta, I approve
Ed Hardy and douchebaggery not dead in Vegas.
Lunch with my mom! =)
The Girl With A Dragon Tattoo - beautiful to look at, completely emotionally muted. I'd blame the Swedes but Bergman's work says otherwise.
$Z Had +/- 32M uniques in March, 13M working w/ agents? Doubtful. 19M Looking at Zestimates, crying due 2 underwater
I'll be showing a CTV clip in class today and the U.S. Postal Service gave me a Canadian penny as change. I sense a developing theme.
let's set a date!
Made me do some thinking about myself. I wonder if any of my actions of the past persuaded women to think like that...
Do not be timid? What if you do fail, and get rolled in the dirt. Up again, you shall never be so afraid of a tumble. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
There is nothing worse then a dude dropping a growler and then not washing his hands as he leaves the bathroom. Stay Classy Gents!!
thanks for the follow!:)
“: Las Vegaaaassssss ” Yes sir, welcome!
Chief Curator, Alexandra Deutsch talks to re at 11
Meat loaf, garlic potatos, carrots and peas, sunday supper at roots...
DMV ain't even pack....... yes
Yes, but I never answer his calls. It's like you take the everyday awkward & combine it with phone awkward and its just TOO MUCH.
#NFL Draft Eve is one of my favorite days. Analysts panicking and changing all their mock drafts off of rumors. Kinda tempted to start one.
Great time at #kickball tonight. Sorry to miss the post game competition. #kickass #poguemahones cc:
Did you know #zipsters get 10% off bike accessories at Baltimore Bicycle Works?! Just flash your Zipcard.
having been part of the male gender for almost 26 years, i am confident that none of us know what's good for us.
yes girlie that was a workout !! The only good thing was the Starbucks :P lmao
RT : NOT I - NOT ANYONE else, can travel that road for you, You must travel it for yourself. - Walt Whitman
Already finished turkey, dressing, greens!!!;)
thanks for having us! You made a lot of new fans.
where did you get that? Im going to need one now!!
you need to join We are having a fantasic convo on state politics.
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them. - Leo Tolstoy
Thanks! - also nice to see a #Jacket2 presence on Google+ (I added you to my #sparks) (via )
Wishing I was at #WMC right now!
They do u should c how many ppl say o wisdom yo hands they are beautiful this and that its hard having handsome hands
Get your Echo1USA guns ready! Contest in a bit!
haha, yeah if i didnnt have to wake up at 7am >.< :p
I hate going thru the drive thru and they try to give me my change, drink, and food all at once.
What happened?? Oh wait... #Seattle happened.
Watching inspirational Cheering Videos
It's time for Dodger baseball!
are you on the juice?
Cuz even in the dark baby ima shine bright
Sketching my country girl anime[tion] x)
"Life is good but love is better/Even Bieber ain't forever"
Hey. Don't forget your snack for tomorrow 2nd period... I will not be providing your food tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I swear I have lost more best friends than anyone on planet Earth.
Patriots and Liberty » Blog Archive » Eyes Wide Shut: Slumbering ...
I like to pair chocolate with whiskey
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am~Francis Bacon ~Adjusting 4 inflation is now more like 30 yrs.
we'll be back tomorrow with live coverage from Milwaukee in game 2 of Central Division finals vs
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that...Martin Luther King
your dumb!(; <3
When someone uses your bedroom as a bathroom and then says you're not his type.. What are you supposed to get out of that? WHAT A DICK!
me neither. According to nfl app, he has fifth round value. So...makes sense!
in theory, i'm "talking" to you...haha!
“: Is there a way that I can set the vacation responder on my email to a fart noise?” Have you tried to attach a .wav file?
amazing workout at 2am...
It really hit home; I was never homeless but I did grow up in the system & it kind of goes hand & hand
bron cant do it all
Dude thanks. It means a lot. We're having practice this weekend so we'll have another original up.
New music (new to me anyway) Great!: Australia, NYC and London? Borneo, Malaysia, NYC
All's well here bro!! Thx
some people in Winchester called me and wanted to see if you could change Adam Fatkin's height to 6-6 on your blog post. ..thanks!
So who all isn't playing tonight??
Educated Girls >
Hey Ryan, I have an extra comp tic for opening night of my show and I thought of you. It's Friday May 25th 8pm. You around?
Pearl Bailey singer/actor on stage/screen was born 29 March 1918 & performed with Nat King Cole Cab Calloway & received Tony for HELLO DOLLY
I think it's cause I was up past 4 the last 2 nights.
I'm just glad I was able to pull through today. #GottaKeepSmilingThroughThePain!:)
Unlikely bedfellows at the library:Caccini and Cage.
Client meetings all day.
good morning marianne you guys are awesome this morning ;)
*compation stupid auto correct!
Come'on #Baylor!! Fighting for the
live-tweeting a first date is sexy.
Thanks ! Hope the article was helpful for you. :D RT
Hulu Plus will show it
Really enjoying the north side mini-maker faire! Shame I can't stay long. /
“: Manipulation and persuasion have negative connotations, but it doesn't have to be that way. - #idea10”
Can't let Petty shit get to me if I did I b crazy..ima just cool it n let whatever happen happen
good luck!
So good to get to see you today!! Can't wait for Friday!!
Hilarious in tonight's episodes. "Of course it's an evil plan!" :-)
I wonder if likes my icon(:
Eastbound & Down
Anyone need used values for Audio, Video, Musical Instruments, Guns, Cameras, and Computers--Go to www.usedprice.com
14 tracks on the mixtape "The Breakthrough" next mixtape im droppn is "Round 5: Final Round"
Ahh, I'm just boring as f*ck!
I forgive,, but i dont forget. ...
Wait, am I watching last weeks game on my TiVo.
Thanks for the mention, RT : #FF Places That Fuel Lyrics:
my stipulation is that they write the song about me haha
ohmygod if you followed me I'd cry tears of joy :'3 you're so incredible :)!
I Wonder if She Misses Me,
Morning! I'm in relative hiding until June, but I'll be about. The proposal defense waits for no one.
how i miss myspace lol !!!
Pleeeeeze - don't infuse unnecessary proprietary-ness nonsense to ! congrats !
Missing on my television, end the hiatus ! Pwease.
Interactivity built into training modules and video presentations can help keep the audience engaged.
I wanted to hop inside of it and take a nap..
check this link out my radio interview sept 4
Remember Micheal Jackson
Hey - Is there a restriction on the amount of postcards that I can mail to be entered in the Ipad giveaway?
Thx for the mention the RT and welcome new followers
this about me? -.-
Have you heard they're making new eps of the "original" series now? They're online but well-written and made.
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture
Count Benjamin Thompson Rumford~ Nothing surely is so disgraceful to society and to individuals as unmeaning wastefulness.
Apple has only 8.8% of cell phone market, but accounts for 73% of cell phone profits. So why has their stock been going down?
#ThingsThatINeed a nice long relaxing break
made that bitch a thoughtful handmade card. bitches love thoughtful handmade shit. and smiley faces.
Watching Why Do Fools Fall In Love .
load kayak on carrier by yourself in less than 3 min - thule kayak rack
Tonight's THE night!! #LTYMshow #LTYM #nwi So excited!!! :D
The Unicorn Slayer is killing with the # 1 spot on #CC250 !!!! Thank you
Gay is good
Over the river and through the woods to grandys for breakfast i go
Chris: Electronic records knowledge, DACS, EAD, coding in general
Can we shut the f up about the 4/20 stuff already? It's really freaking old.
#favmoviequote "Yes you deserve to die, and i hope you burn in hell!!!"
Great review...
Taped my mouth shut (:
I've been cataloguing for 5 hours straight and I still have a smile on my face. :-)
I'm ready for the
I am in love with it too :3 they rock!
I'll be reviled for totally different reasons :)
I haven't heard of Venduras, but maybe knows about it?
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
Tweeting just for :D
About 200 protesters stop traffic for #occupyMN. No arrests.
Bebee girl call me..idk your number..
you post some deep shit. I like it. haha
Determined to go to church this morn
Oh, yes. Haven't you heard?!
I hate how my friends are all like buying things and going shopping and I'm just like.. I have no money. Only in my card. Whatduhfuq.
u look good in a uniform man
hi guys 96 tweets
So true, pharmacists incredibly helpful! RT : "I don't just count pills, I am a patient educator."
Roddy B and Brandon Wright are BALLIN for the Mavs right now... don't forget, Roddy's career high 40 was in Oakland 2 seasons ago
'took a smart shower after getin dumb sweaty'
I'm only asking because you're the best... or, just have fun with it.
Setting up Twitter and Myspace accounts for the Atlanta Libertarian party
Watching Nadal at the U.S.Open take off his shirt..I mean play tennis. He does not need Hi Def liposuction!
On lee trampoline :D
"They lost him. He was gone."
ah. well I'm sure he'll think you're cool too UNTIL he turns 15. That's how it rolls.
I will call and see if we can really rent a boat from the Rec center lol. I'd die!!!!
Hey now!!! LOL Things are pretty busy here, just how I like it. I am way more productive when I'm busy. Ready for the weekend?
amazing :D
#HHD have a great day :)
WILL DO!!! LIVE IT UP TONIGHT!
Oh yeah, this storm is here. Windgusts, I feel you.
Thank you very much for the follow. Appreciated greatly. Have a wonderful day! Peace & Love.
Got a girl in the finals of #thevoice. Yay! Girl murdered that song. "it's a man's world"
Rookies were split into two groups and brought out after 15 of 19 rounds. They didn't totally explain how they picked sides.
So much time and so little to do. Wait a minute. Strike that. Reverse it.
Got it. Thanks for the clarification.
yes. SM marks intensification -- not invention -- of reflexive impression/identity management.
So now I only have one uncracked cymbal... Smh... Lord please make a way for my need to be met.
Still high on cocaine? Tweaking? Don't go to the Waterfront! We open at 6am for you crackhead desperados! You can sleep when you're dead!
Palfrey: Success of project marked by the "hidden code" of dpla: getting users to content through other channels/sites
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY!!!
People dissing other peoples when they dont even know them.
i had to make a new facebook, i forgot my password. lol xD
A la carte
Plz I need help pickin a college what persuaded you to go to Marquette University
Tell jun dave and eddie to follow me direct msg them if you can please thank you
My college kid is choosing to watch Face the Nation. I'm torn between being concerned and impressed.
So glad to see at Maddow Blog--all the old cadences are there. Now I need to get used to the new typography!
i cannot get enough of #AnglesAndGentelmen thanks for giving me the best songs in the world!!!!!
Nikkas b grillin like im pussy
for sure
ii saw your mom yesterday I miss seeing you all.
watching true blood with my friends...this show is getting a lil silly now. :)
#stm2012 PubMed experimenting with showing how many articles on specific topics are being published by journals as right side graph
yay! Now you need a pic!
hey merry xmas
The FW has it right: "if what jessica chastain says is true, I hope I never meet terrence malick."
Going to Google Earth just to see your house
Helping to #EmpowerWomen - Everything will be alright in the end so if it's not alright it is not yet the end
Time for some Diablo 3. Aw yeah baby!
Do you read books? Can you opine articulately? We're looking for book reviewers. Email us at
At mcdonalds um what do I want??.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
ha no problem. :)
Shout out to streetslang , shizz is my big homie. rob b , cool dre , cant forget about D money -keyz musik
Idk They Was Just Randomly Talking Mess About Me Then Started Mentioning Me
Good to see MMJ in attendance.
thats whassup... me too.. what part do u live in??
oh well fuck yea u can't expect ne thing less with us two together especially 2 slices of sprite
.'s wedding suggestion of the day: "I think your 'something old' should be a dinosaur."
yeah. I feel like sarcasm and chirping should be reserved for the guys on the ice and not PR interns.
The holidays have arrived at Saxbys! With so many different cultures swirling about Newark, what do YOU celebrate?
You become a ass hole when you break a woman's heart... You become a man when your mature enough to repair another woman's heart...
G Peppas swag jacking my style
Avg Apple household own 2.4 Apple devices rt One-in-four iPad Purchases are made by First-Time Apple Owners...
Check our #onechance apparel line and see what we are doing with apparel to change the future of the children in Kenya. brother apparel.com
Dentist time, and I strongly dislike the smell.
My BG is beautiful,can't stop staring at it
this girl had high heels, and her ass hanging out of these shorts & I scream NO CLASS! & Julie was pulling her shorts down as we walk by her
2 more shows at Ft Worth tonight w/ and Dueling pianos after. Loser gets shot in the parking lot
Idaho infant dies from whooping cough amid regional outbreak
love that girl
she's not the worst, but she is approaching it.
Be visible.
a yearly tradition: watching the nba and filing taxes.
it's just extra fiber, right?
New York City...Bitch.
never gonna happen. :)
looks and sounds like you are having fun !!! Enjoy :)
Oh man I just got a bike last weekend
If one more person on Facebook titles their photo, "I do it for the ratchets" I will fucking defriend you so fast you'll get whiplash.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana say what banana say
thanks for all you're doing for our community. A real mensch, you are!
Can wait till schools over though
Gonna root hard for #Kansas on Monday night.
I'd love to be involved with any of the Women in UX events at Midwest UX. Let me know if I can help out!
Did you know? if you say "beer can" with a British accent, it sounds like you're saying "bacon" with a Jamaican accent. (:
My 3 yr old just asked me if David apologized to Goliath after hitting him in the head with a rock. How do I explain that one?
gotcha. I didn't know they sold food. Cool
omg then drinking will keep you up more , and omg NyQuil works too :!
I frequently find myself choosing between coffee and ice cream. It always seems like too much to have both.
ohh kool(: were doing a play... and I'm helping write it
I assume you are going back to the East Coast for Thanksgiving? If not, Ill be in LA!
it's all about balance and prayers. Looking forward to a great class tonight!
#3WordsForYou Eat a dick.
Took our 10yo to on Fri. Sat in choir seats. Highlights: GG's face during Haydn & percussion up close during Dr. Atomic.
Congrats, cuz...what flav? Eatin' homemade pizza over here
Im older than by 7 days :D
"This goes out...to all my twiggaz in the struggle...you know what I'm saying?"
RT : Will melo anounce the deal on conan?!?!?! I wouldn't miss it. Word is its goin down like right now
Soon, our awesome prize getter is very busy selling newspapers in Clearwater, but he'll be back soon!
isnt that for the dual credit also?:0
so grt to see you've gone this far, didn't know your story, thks 4 sharing inspiring others, checkout break the same by
Stopped focusing for a measly second and stopped strait into a puddle the size of landen lake
Today's design challenge : design an uglier, less intuitive and more amateurish mobile site than the NBA's.
parking tickets are $125? Ohh I think I will stick with riding the train when I come 2 town. No car rental 4 me.
We think you're great too!
Camilla you lost! They had a plan and it worked LOL karma back at you Lmao #BGC some1 got out smartest just saying
Democrat Tom Barrett's spokesman says new jobs numbers touted by Gov. Walker are attempt to "mask his economic failure."
hahaha more of a phrase, but yeah, you got the right idea! When did you learn Japanese???
Such a bad person. I know.
Dear Twitter, you should get a "bitch stole my tweet" button
good move!
“: how are things man? When are you joining us on radio?”everything alright bro. What time r u guys on?
CPS is on spring break this week, which means lots of free on-street parking! Woo hoo! Great time to come down and see The Big Shake!
TGIF! See you all tonight!
I'm still looking forward to that hypothetical honeymoon. "You are going to be such a ho for your husband."
I guess the tag team back me&harvey
nothing u
#SXSW finds: #Alamo #Ritz no talking or tweeting in this theater but eat and drink the night away.
Its gonna be weird not seeing you on the show but I hope Glenn continues.
<U+2605> <U+2606> <U+2730>Perfomed at a Restuarant & got a Record deal to perform at all state Fairs In tha U.S (: <U+2605> <U+2606> <U+2730>
Yo this weather needs to get warmer damn sick of the low 60's
the new track is hot!
It's amazing how long it takes me to wake up for work or class and how fast I'll get up to study for a midterm for 4 hours
lol i just noticed that
I'm wondering about 's choice to have conservative guests for sake of debate when we look to it as progressive space...
Found 2 bags of unopened okedoke popcorn
That's wussup, I heard they were pretty good
I had my GCSE maths exam today! i totally aced it! I hope..
It's also quite interesting to watch the backdrop and technology in today's theatre, Denisse Dufey said.
Chillin with my son & nephews & man the convo these lil adults 5-7yrs old have is funny but I can't laugh in their face..
Lets try again :3
good luck, best wishes!
DC is in the process of replacing 70,000 street lights with LED technology.
Ready 2 #promote your #music on #Facebook & go #viral? Bring ur #portfolio 2 Shastic.com & attract new #fans #venues & #events Check it out!
I don't remember there NAMES but I can REMEMBER that NIGHT!")
I followed
I will upgrade. The point of the flash site is to just have the concrete concepts displayed. I'm hiring a web designer
But country just came on after my Gotti fucked me ALL THEE way up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
pick me! I have Angel fans coming in from OC and I want them to see the #Padres beat those #Angels!
My own blood sister is trying to shit on me lol
wow can i have canadian citizenship so that i can audition for degrassi
Had a fun night with friends. Not gonna let something get me down
Watching devour a whole plate of chicken tenders. I'm afraid...
Exhausted after three day laser meeting. At least it was in San Diego. Thrilled that was able to attend!!
Going to see the Titanic. Don't give away the plot, I hear it's a bit dramatic!
well, to be fair I am a magazine writer by trade. Hence, why I keep the print copies (for research) and don't get the e-version
Watching #starwars with my kids for the first time.
#Inconvenient: when you have to use your phone with one hand because your other thumb has a band-aid on it.
TBBC moving up.
/ Team Follows;
So fucking annoyed with everything.
FIVE is working to fill about 100 Healthcare IT positions in hospitals across the nation
The Employment Situation Report prints on Friday. This data has been our focus for the last two weeks.
what are you doing ron ron?
Everyone today just like comepletely invaded my privacy taking my glasses >.<
“: I just wanna curl up in a ball and cry.” with
Bring it son! Call me if you're serious!
Take note , u should be playing
T-minus 24 hours...
What a DAY.. rehearsed with David Kroll band.. pulled some pretty mean pranks... rehearsed with Zasz... long rehearsals.. tired hands.
#PackerNation hopes do too!
"Dark Rituals" is Carrie Stetler's interview with me in HYCIDE Magazine's "The Sex Issue" To order a copy, please email:
It would be so much for fun if my best friends had a twitter.
" For real how do people eat this McDonald's shit wow" - Cause americans will eat anything cheap, and we are that spineless.
Come by and check out our page on Facebook- Third Stream Giants! www.3sgiants.com! :)
you need a button? I have an extra.
Austin tries his best to notice all his fans! RT if you love him for that. <U+2665>
his name is Allen. Ya wanna know where I found him? Under a tooth.
I agree=) I have some ideas about that too!=)
#OnMyWishList That I finish our new website by our new launch date of March 1st, 2012!
I don't have your number! :( but we're going to another friends house then will decide if downtown
Who's coming to #Columbus for Second Look weekend?
He voluntarily checked himself into alcohol treatment, and made it public. Not easy to admit, not easy to battle.
While the world doesn't need another blog, it does need more '80s and '90s musings...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com.
All Aztec fans believe. RT : “: So nervous I feel sick...” We Believe.
Account was hacked. Changed password twice and ran SpyBot and Anti-Virus. Anything else I should be doing?
Lmao Imy 2 Chas! How r u?RT : wheree have you ben all my li i i i i fe *rihanna voice* haha miss you girl!
We could've Skyped again but I went to bed early last night because I got like an hour of sleep the night we did Skype -_-
omg ugh whatevs
I wish I had someone to go to the gym with, boring alone...
Will pass that on to Marquis! Thanks.
#BandsILove We Came As Romans
I'm not a freak, i'm just specially limited edition :)
Congrats! RT We are opening for The Like and The Sounds July 3rd in Hyde Park. :)
youtube.com/1upproductionsmusic check out the 1st video. we did everything our selfs. a real production ya digg.
my drinking was not the reason we lost...for once. Haha.
Good Morning-Be sure and count your Blessings-Calculator available upon request
Only thing I'll "miss" about Tiger Spot is seeing it demolished. What a huge zit on the face of Lowry Mall.
Multitasking is less productive. Let technology make your life easier, not harder.
And then contact us when you're ready to take your art fair, museum or gallery mobile!
about time we got a run on the 2nd worst run defense in the NFl
Aww well get better! :) Just listen to our music in anticipation for the next show :D
ee2 is able to demonstrate better perf than existing core ee, api surface area has been quite the debate.
Using tech to help people leave their "disciplinary silos". YES!
Well, I just found a box of Gift Cards. What to do? RT and follow and I might just send one your way!
ND:Elena is still holding on to her love and the idea of what she remembers to be the perfect relationship that she had with Stefan
gotta say hazed & infused is delocious and I dont say that abouy many beers. Great job!!!
"Top Scholar" 2nd rd ingredients (V-themed): Vico, Vitanza, Virtual, and Ventriloquism. (Brought to you by the number 5).
Smh @ #ExtremeCheapskates. A mom took her kids to the park to pick 'wild chives' for a salad...those aren't chives! That's grass, stupid!
preciate it bro will do
you are a stud!!! Great following you!
After i leave here i gotta go here & there again ugh
love the bright new orange twitter logo
I wish I still had my uniform. I'd wear it all the time. Those Han Solo utility pants were the best.
Been a busy day.... I wouldnt have it any other way!
I feel like you're favoriting mahomies :'(
Going on live with funny lady riight here on radiokolamerica.com
Happy St.Patricks Day everyone..Be safe!!
Thanks for coming everyone! Have a great night!
#GoTribe It's a bummer we don't get to see Lonnie Chisenhall play yet.
Ready to present at #GRID2012 #UMD about Multilingual Use of Twitter
answer the phone hoe!
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers - Ralph Nader
#BelieveTour next week. WHAT. ?!
Dream time y'all
Its too the point where i dont believe no nigga . In love wit my money instead.
And your one of the strongest people I know of.
superfluous. Do you see where this blasphemy leads?" Blessed Theophylact of Ochrid re-telling the commentary by St. John Chrysostom.
.RT : Audio is terrible. Everyone sounds like they have a tiny little man trapped in their pocket, trying to be heard.
Why thank you, ! If you lived only a teensy bit closer, I would have dragged you over here for bell day. We gotta get you back to LA.
What can I get for $9.00
OMG I'm hungry
40th Anniversary of The Godfather... epic, legendary film. #Hollywood at its best!
#WhyiGive We give because the gift itself is tiny compared to the heart that gives it.
RT: Let the journalists IN so the the truth can come OUT!!!
Looking forward to connecting!
Virginia born President Woodrow Wilson outlined to Congress the case for the U.S. declaring war on Germany on April 2, 1917.
#Denver fans sorriest ever come on man I'm with my mom u sorry azz fag talk shit when I'm alone pussy
When we have our back's to the wall, we turn around and paint it!
*Just in Case* you need an attorney, you can always call on Top Tier Legal Group to be your only source for trusted & experienced lawyers.
I've observed student after student in the past two days walk away from a monitor exclaiming, "Didn't even finish the book!"
Just noticed and aren't following me. Et tu, Brute?
not till fall
Your welcome man. How much is the exclusive??
#listofturnons Really though ? All these horny people on twitter
White stuff is falling from the sky. What could it be? Looks like dandruff clouds are shedding.
"I'm not gonna lick your bacon." -, to me.
Spring training begins tonight. In the first training volunteers learn their roles and responsibilities as advocates for foster children!
Hahaha you're an IDIOT
I NEED TO CHANGE MY WAYS
i need to reserve my Billy Bob's ticket now so i can yell out something stupid during the recording.
Out here sweatin my balls off at my brothers college graduation in Columbia! OMG its fluckin blazin!
Nodding along to Dashboard Confessional's "Hands Down" and getting a few dirty looks. Silly haters, don't judge my pop-punk pop-lock!
Sweet. Enjoy.
#LAthtr actors... come check out our website. register. stay connected. rate & review agencies/casting/photogs/restaurants
Merry Christmas World!
What are you doing...Where are you .... please come back to me soon! I need you over the summer to keep me sane!
Mahalo for stepping up!
#Lavarnway went to Yale. Like Peter Brandt?
It was great, just wish they could have done the entire number, but it was wonderful. Fit into their storyline well.
what's with the angry tweets
foot skin is delicate! soak your feet in a bowl of slightly hot water to soften the tough dead skin. Then file!
English pubs are always the greatest. No questions.
This bitch just sent me a pic of her boobs lmfaoooo
just finished a "killer abs" class. omfg that was killer!!!
we give up not only bespoke customization but our soul, no?
A terrible thing happens when inspiration takes a day off. Nothing.
Time for another all-nighter!!
I watched all Pirates games, but they were bad for other reasons. They seem to miss really key moments during these hockey games
I hope Apple accelerates opening use of siri to medical education beyond Wolfram collaboration; great potential good
i love you less than tomorrow and more than yesterday.
it would be great to have some comparison data for your industry within FB Insights like we have in Google Analytics
I'm late but thank you. we lost one & won a game today.
I still have faith in this series. But we HAVE to start playing!
I believe most Christians love God, but I don't believe most enjoy Him. Ron Moore Wow...
Do you use #ExpressionEngine? I'm thinking of taking it on and am gathering information. Reply with Pros/Cons.
Woo! The Blackhawks made my day! Just found out I won the Dave Bolland bobblehead! Thanks again guys :)
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm not even sure what number I'm on with these...
The flat area along the stern of a boat is known as the transom
This house does my head no justice but makes my writting pretty magical I guess hotels make my writting interesting 2 tho somaybeitsonlyme:p
Nothing makes you love #columbus like the #doodah parade. Super fun as usual.
Results will be published in the June 2012 issue of Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research
All I want for Christmas is....a permission number. For that one Spring class that's been avoiding me. College has effed up my priorities.
Had a convo with my homegirl I gotta say Shoutout to all the sexy Asian women that love black men
When I start work on the third and final #novel in the Temperature series it will start as an #eBook. More about that later this year.
Doc: "I'm a Celtic and I love our guys." Who else is with him? Tweet if you're a Celtic with hashtag
"please allow up to 10 days for our automated spam list to remove you" yeah, because if nothing else, computers are slow.
I gotta get back over that way!
Dwyane Wade is a jerk ? I blame this guy, He made Dwyane Wade :D
Yes I am also running #FontanaHalf and
i am!
Once Again I Can't Fuckin Sleep Smh
I wish someone would devise some sort of contraption for keeping track of engagements.
Gmail users experience outage - CNET
Extremely disappointing loss in overtime by the Kings in Stanley Cup playoffs resulting in elimination. Had very good season though.
New Clean Energy Source: Moon Dust!
Please tell us more about your Open House on May 23rd! Agenda? Purpose? Target audience? We'd love to help publicize.
I'll be seein yall boys on that song SOON!!! I heard ol #Bredren verse already! Yeaahh mayne!
"Beasley is even moving the basketball." - FSN commentary
Not at all. As serious as serious can be.
We're waiting for a police briefing to release more information about the ongoing standoff here in Fond du Lac. Tweets with info to follow.
Such a cheerful #HumpDay today in the city! Loving the sunshine
and I are arguing over who is a douchier tweeter. Answer: HE IS.
Have fun at Panda Express?:D
My prayer this morning is to get the Max out of me
I did not wear a blazer.
Lol whatever. RT By bad five :) .. U making it hard for me u dig lol?
I watched it like 4 days ago… that movie was terrible… T_T
hi there cutie
"Social science is, then, a social construction of a social construction." Ah, Bourdieu, I love you.
History in the making RT: Good news.Bob arum agrees to the random testing.
Thanks and others for sharing hiring opportunities for our new high school!
We have just opened Oh Fish! and we are so excited. Come check it out on 19th street and get some #sushi !
From now on I'm only watching movies with working-girl-meets-bidet gags
. #friendsatsnarfs should totally be a thing.
Isn't it ironic how I Love tea now?
Dear Topanga, will you marry me? Love, Austin
": Someone please take me to "
Look for it over the next month to 6 weeks...pretty pumped about it all!
A little late on this, but I can now do FaceTime with my iPhone - yay!
Just left the offices to catch a ride with were still hard at it.
And gentleman. Lol
This character limit makes me feel... limited. I like to ramble :(
We forget sometimes that there are saints living among us.
My tweets are at 621, & I dislike odd numbers. so Tweet.
PLEASE DISREGARD ANY JUNK TWEETS FROM MY ACCOUNT: I DO NOT SOLICIT OR ENDORSE MAKE MONEY FROM HOME OPPS. OR STALKING THANK YOU - JMRESHAW
up to hear the birds chirping. beat the owls. mission complete.
Im like outta breath just by doing the first part theres no way in hell im gonna make it through it #awkcuzitsonlyaminute lol
Death and taxes may be inevitable, but they shouldn't be related. ~J.C. Watts, Jr.
Sorry, We're not.
Time to check out your posture... or check out our Posture Shirts...
thanks!! i'll try to meet you girls at alberto's on the flip side!!
three different schools. Three different spring breaks. Not cool.
on the air now!
She is an entire world ... rich with insights, dreams, hopes, concerns, talents, visions, smiles, & laughter ... awaiting.
Morining Todd! Nice to "see" you before I head out for the day. Have a good one. RT : Morning Leslie.
don't you like Justin?
Ha, I'm likin what I see. That looked delish - glad to hear you're alive!
Thought I was locked in the trash room.
: Terrific performance! Enjoyed the play. (Except for crying baby 2 rows in front of me-Who takes a baby to theatre?)
St. Patrick's Day Sip & Shop Tomrrow 12pm to 6pm
your schlong photos got leaked. still wins.
Happy mothers day to the most beautiful person that's taken care of me and has always been there when I needed her! <U+E328>
Working Out sucks.
we're promoting in new york this week, hows new york this time of year? what you think about Caliburr Records?
It was a great day one at #ABCA in Anaheim with some great Mexican food at Tortilla Joes. Table side guacamole was the best!
hopefully! And you better get a 100 on yours too! Yours is so good! She should like give you extra points since it's naill :)
I have finally decided to join the age of Twitter!
what's that saying about when you keep doing the same thing and expecting different results?
Right on cue...commercial break right before make their pick. An annual tradition.
Welcome to DC! You should stop by for lunch. We'd love to meet you! ;-)
Same here !
Q5)It's a tougher question when SME's go rogue and release something without your knowledge. #chat2lrn argh!
"...you stole my heart with just one look"
Gay ass fucking night
Birth control pills typically cost $20 to $50 a month. You can't afford that? I spend more on ice cream.
if it gets bad, I'm going to start doing tequila shots.
@ Bronx pizza in San Diego...awesome pizza!!!!
How am I just learning about this now?! RT 23 hours till the snuggie bar crawl, prepare to be blinded by fashion ....ladies
IHop is better to me
I use exclusively and love it. It's much simpler and more elegant and private than Delicious.
Is there such thing as a 311 in progress?
Just started 's Defensive Network Security final and wasted the first 5 minutes laughing. Well played, sir. Well played.
The Sandman never visits me. <U+2639>
Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole live believing that is was stupid
story of my life right now.
Im in the blue and yellow of course
You may be a barbie but even in the real world no one wants you!
Have a blessed time. I'm waiting until tomorrow morning. Curled up at home with red wine and a roaring fire...
what is this all about?
The division leaders get the top 3 spots.
Talk shit about me while im in the room? I can hear you.
Good luck to all the Fitness NM Competitors! All of you are inspiring and amazing!
Works for me
": lol o well" that shit ain't funny I was mad af
lol no not really...
Thanks to , , , Brian Engblom for joining , Thursday morning!
I can never tell if my tummy is growling or if my phone is vibrating
Yea u no I need a super freak
Just a heart of glass.
all good things come at good time
Twitter Tip! Twitter is a different platform than Facebook. Talking on Twitter is more like texting. So text.....
Tweet us and tell why you should get free concert tickets!!! Best reason gets you tickets plus more!!!
Welcome home. :)
u got the link to u and the niz battling it out on you tube
Monday Tweetcast - morning fog goes away quickly - some sun, some clouds, and a small chance of a shower/storm. High near 82°.
have you made any cocktails with Jin Ja? It's a delish ginger drink and I want to mix it with things!
they asked did I wanna b off...
True happiness is not found in any other reward than that of being united with God. - Thomas Merton
GRE practice time- just shoot me
~ Very open! Ok, Yes. Lets chat soon! hehe Birthday Gem:-) DM me contact info or send email
Thank you!
oh yeah... and i should really do my taxes soon.
I love your momma :) Your parents are hilarious!
#ReasonsToLoveTexas it's the best country in the world
wait what?
Up next, How To Deal With Negative Word of Mouth with
": Why try 2 Fit In when you a Stand Out????"
not before my back was blown out
I was also concerned when I first saw Up. But at least they got the sad part out of the way early.
haha... But this O'Brien has 2 years of eligibility.
RT : #BlueFriday RT this message by 10am and one random RTer will win an Justin Forsett autographed mini-helmet! Go Seahawks!
TONIGHT 9pm BREW-HA-HA WBC. Steve doing standup along w Chuck Booms and Victoria Bussberg
- Enjoyed it all! Just love the high-risk, dangerous maneuver of adding in the Star Wars music.
Today my 4 years old student Yara told me that she loves me right after her lesson. So cute! :)
So do I, , but strangers take it the wrong way.
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is contemplate whether to stay home or not...
Totally a tangled web of thoughts on my part! Haha
do people in Wisconsin ever win?
havent tweeted in so long! sorry about that, i'm a
I saw your doppelganger when I was at milwaukee for a tech conference monday-tuesday! So surprised I couldn't even tweet!
I've been selling several fine violins. In my "spare time" I'm a violin teacher.
Alright here we go!!! Lets go !!!
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you!
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. - Doug Larson
What links us? Can you remember JFK? Not me. Can you remember moon landing? Not me. Can you remember when Elvis died? Me, too.
shiiiiiiiddddd I'm talkin bout it like 3 4 times a week bro
I love how uncomfortable all the other commentators are when charles barkley speaks
": Star Wars in 3D!! #ifyouknowmeyouknow I'm a secret nerd #maytheforcebewithyou" and also with you!
Russell Westbrook pull up.
Yes I have a friend who drives, happily. I wish I had a sci-fi persona on the internet.
Oh cripes! C'mon Birds - do something good!
SAT word of the day: fastidious (adj.) meticulous, demanding, having high and often unattainable standards
he's come a long way since 2+2
Excited For New Jonas Album 43
Get to have lunch with today. :-)
lol u should get it!!!! So we can talk :)
what to do for fun?
Yes Sir I am
Good stuff
multicultural segments are going at a faster rate via
I want 2 get chocolate vanilla wasted
haha nah I'll say hi, and if you do that then I'll act like I don't know you haha jk
love it!!! :-) #roadron, chi town here we come!
Always be sure to back up your photos early and often! You could be just one hard drive crash away from losing priceless memories forever.
Haha, I love how you think everyone loves you when they all hate you. :)
RT CNN reports Japanese Gov't formally requests US help. You can help too: Text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10. Pls RT
here we go again. No love for music.
Im a lil drunk on you, and high on summer time!
Any San Diego wedding vendors have recommendations for bridal shows? Which shows are good? Which should I avoid?
There's a joke in the new about YA book titles being restricted to one word, but it's really true.
I am trying to get a detailed picture of the eastern Mediterranean. From Italy in the north doing a semi-circle to Libya or thereabouts.
Friday is Amurica Fest 2011 . We don't play very many hometown shows so I know you'll make it out and go crazy or this one.
Girls freak me out -
Sounds more like a campaign speech than a plan2 recreate the budget. Is the city council onboard with the mayor?
Miss my bebe. At least I have a busy day today. Gonna give 2 ladies some super awesome color. I will post pictures:)
What was your favorite award reaction at the ?
thanks! Remember watching him start in the east west shrine. Kid is lucky he's going to mccarthy
UK has beaten half of the teams in the Elite Eight.
Allegedly 40 percent of current iPad owners will buy new iPad. Will same percent buy iPad Mini if/when it comes out? Sure, why not?
Only if that image was not radically marred by our first parents' sin.
First attempt at Frito pie, didn't work, 7/11 ran out of chilli. Still better than most of my childhood.
Petit Syrah will make your tongue SO black.
I need to have a dog ass session!
hello twitter world -- please go outside today :-)
it's probably cause we don't live in Ohio lol
I have a lake in my front lawn. I just hope my garden hasn't washed into the street by the time this passes.
Good afternoon everyone! How was your holiday weekend? Nothing too crazy I hope!
I want to get my mom a reallllyyyy special mothers day present...pondering
Nashville People! If you would like to be in The Lacs official music video for Shake It, message me for details!
is anticipating movie
Happy Birthday to all of my Leap Year friends!
and and
Have a wonderful 4th of July weekend! :)
Same goes for the #Bulls lol RT #WhenTheLakersLose their fans ain't nowhere to be found !
Can't believe I went to Homestead for that shit -.-
Japan tried high-pressure water that dropped batches of seawater in increasingly frantic attempts to cool an overheated nuclear complex.
Boa i do not want kids. They annoyin n always. Invading my space boaa.
NO LOVE!
Remembering A Grandfather's 'Best Gift' - NPR
using will get people to his tweets. (Hi Brian!) still need to register
At work till ten then nothing
Great job on the boards by the
Choose to be present in this moment, it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation takes place
RT : RT : Other than that we PARTYING HARD w/ and <<<<
Anyone with a Verizon iPhone able to get good service in the Georgia Dome? I swear AT&T sucks in any crowded areas.
sometimes i can tell that a person has a lisp just by looking at their face
thankss(: tell all your friends to check out and go to bryantjames.com! Thnnkkss
So many hoodrats around not enough rat poison.....no time!
Nature walks >
Congratulations to alumna Natasha Cuervo who recently became the Museum Registrar for Exhibitions & Loans at the Lowe Art Museum in Florida.
The Enoch Pratt Free Library was incorporated by the Maryland Legislature on March 30, 1882.
“: I’m holding back because I feel like I’m starting to like you more and more everyday.”
Wow you're tall! Why yes I am Talented, Amazing, Lovely & Loved! Thank you for noticing..lol #TeamTall #teamtallgirls #teamlonglegs ;)
YMCMB = Y'all Mad Cole Much Better >>>>>>>
Girls are nuts they will do anything for us guys.. Just watch how u use that power..
A zoom in on your face would be wonderful. The eye makeup is gorgeous.
2 hrs before I gotta get up for work & I can't sleep bc I'm coughing my lungs out from being sick....:(
Not even close to Miley...she's for Obama, haha.
Oh... our website is: www.microventuresupport.org Go to the right side down towards the bottom and download our auto running slideshow.
very challenging...
Malinowski: saw many people wounded by "bird shot" and tear gas shot at people's heads
my fingure is red from dipping it in koolaid and sugar
RT : Good morning. Remember: Lithuania plays at 1030AM. This is probably more of a reminder for myself than for you. Good night.
Congrats to the grand prize winners who will receive a gift card to Massage Envy and
But Heyman is better than you
Bye Twitter until the end of the day.. peace
Happy Friday everyone! 1 more day until play game 4 against the stupid rangers! LETS GO CAPS!
Phillies will win the world series Go Phillies
What are the predictions for todays #Cleveland #Browns game?
i missed life on murs last week so had to see it this week! loving it! so excited to see you in april next year!
just like any tech, I think it needs to be used/taught in every class, not in isolation.
Getting ready for this early performance!!
:( I know all about it.
Ok cabbie. Really?? There are 100 roads that feed into Michigan Ave and you've got to pick the one that is torn up?
Dinner time =d
I like your new avi...you look so cute!
when don't you want to want to go to a "sketchy strip club"? Haha
When a hair brushes against your shoulder & feels like a mosquito. So, you smack yourself repeatedly until you realize it's your own hair.
how many things do we need for englishh?
since u mentioned #gameofthrones I will not now! Its so awesome! R u currently caught up?
Way too high. Not sure why I should pay more for the ipad...
You know it will be! "...the door's open but the ride ain't free..."
Seems that Literature Depts replacing English and foreign lang depts = excellent in theory but potentially disastrous in practice
I thought it was an intriguing hypothesis. ;)
I'm French
no he did not
go in the Australia ; YEAH !
what's up girl :)
Shooting the Planetary video
Never been to a literature-and-videogames thesis defense that didn't mention Final Fantasy at one point.
Gotta check it out for sure. Looks like fun.
the price is right drinking game: every time you see a commercial for liberty medical or vagisil, take a shot
bandanas for sale
thinking of flipping a 4 headed coin, Battle, Moreno, P Thomas or Branch as my flex this week. Thoughts?
Just sent you a translation of the Vatican ATM message.
I hear ya! hummus and pita chips are like my bread and butter haha
"A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road." Henry Ward Beecher
metro was empty too. I guess everyone is taking the day off to prepare for game 7 :)
How dare you try and insult my intelligence
Let's just lay here and be lazy baby!
Working the Adele show
I love you more with every breath--truly, madly, deeply.
After this shower. Chicos!
You got it!
wow, that was terrific! (and scary)
oh dangit now I know they broke up ! Didn't even watch the episode yet lmao (x
sure, thanks for following me too=)
City love: pink wintersky through dusk skyline silhouettes
But I just had work done. Their HUGE now! :)
Yep. And they both hate English kings.
I'm just gonna start wearing a helmet to everywhere.... Cause ive decided I'm afraid of humans(and some animals) but mostly humans
Give trust to everyone you meet.
We can meet up after work & I can take you home.
Spent all morning fixing system errors on a fucking brand new laptop that I began setting up yesterday. I think I'm just going to go 2 lunch
happy birthday torrr love you :*!!
On the real i dont give a fuck about shit u think i care i dont
is ready for some football!
: Rev Franklin Graham apologizes to President Obama for questioning his faith
Makeup tip of the day: When applying falsies, please push them down into your lashline so that they don't sit on your lid & truly look fake
5th Nicki Minaj is WACK #FACT! Now hop out my mentions B4 I embarrass you!
when your sick and the doctor tells you that you cant go to school for at least a week
Tweeting from Beginning #SocialMedia class tonight. They will love #Twitter by the end of tonight!
I love turning up my GUCCI hella loud when an Asian comes walking pass my window ahahahhaahha they be looking around like "da fuckkk????"
soon and very soon!
i know. one thing i learned was never fight when theres 20 people supportin the other dude. haha oh well. thanks tho bro
Here I am. Tweeting. Happy?
Girl Make It Shake Like A 8.2 EarthQuake
this is simialer just with more weights like p90x is a lot of pushups and jumping around lol this one uses a stability ball.
REALLY JACKSON REALLY?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! OMFGGG IM CRAPPING IN MY PANTS RIGHT NOW and I hope Derek doesnt kill Jackson
Wishing all of you a safe and inspiring New Years Eve that kicks off an amazing and activating 2012! Every day is a new day.
I am on board with that. Or some type of shocking device.
Yay! Tweet with us!
RT IT'S LIKE U STEPPED ON A KITTEN.
Designing some 1st Birthday invitations....boy they are turning out swell!
So weird I thought James Earl Jones died years ago
Ikr! I Made That Picture!
mom said you need to come down and your the factory.
however, glad i gave those #cubs tickets away today...they STINK.
Prospect submits resume with porn sites as examples of previous work ... can't tell if moron or genius...
That awkward moment when a gay guy is driving and the GPS says "go straight" :D
Happy R Wayne is back. Too bad we lost everybody else. Even if Luck is great, gonna be a couple years before #Colts are back to form.
Sometimes it's hard to read the writing on the wall, thank you Hines for seeing clearly
lol So do I! Thighs prove it!
Spotted tons of great products + met lots of nice vendors the last two days. Excited to write up articles & posts!
The first thing I do upon coming home is love on my cats. Sleeping quickly follows.
Holidays honey!! Miss u and your clay hands :)!!! Lol
#onlyatSU does a virtual high school unknown show up on campus and get a radio show. (Go, Pookie! Can I call you Pookie on twitter??)
About to head to the mall for anyone up for some coneing???
Monday Monday, can't trust that day
RT : Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos, barring unexpected snag in contract talks.
only 2-0 lead in the playoffs. nice.
haha too funny
Have your way Holy Ghost in the spirit, all around the nation's!! #Grace,Peace&Mercy
Should stay away from people & computers. Seems I fuck things up. What is wrong with me lately? How annoying old habits pop up at odd times.
" - I just saw a woman getting into a car the wrong way. Through the driver's door. "
seriously has such a sick style.
You are too kind, little c! Sending a birthday/anniversary hug your way!
Hi Lauren!!! & are both the new judges on #XFactor. Any shock or surprise about as a judge?
I heart people! ;) RT : People heart you!
freaking fucken finals
I'm call on the TWITTER cavalry to come join the fight and march with us on wall street <3
To do; Creative Writing paper, Outliers essay, AP English worksheets, & figure out how to get my Hope for Haiti track onto facebook. Meh.
This talk right now at 's >>>>
FN2S is looking into Falcon tickets give aways for students. Fall 2012
I am getting tired of all the negativity people put out there.
Just found out what SheWee's are......
My dad seriously just made and I's night. What an awesome guy. Lol
thanks for sharing that.
you deserved more! Unstoppable!
The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston Will Consist Of 18 Marching Bands And 9 Parade Floats. For Info Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
Gunna take a shower and get ready :-)
Omg can't wait for the weekend .
Coach Congrats to you and Coach Mitch both!!!!! GL in the NCAA!
Working late on a Friday.. Getting ready to release our new logo and other new things soon!
thanks honey!
Ooh, I'm seeing "Cabin in the Woods" tonight! Cannot wait.
Scary. Glad you survived. I saw you talk at BSides LV 2010.
Not sure but will let everyone know as soon as we find out :) RT : when does Claw open?
love it, have a special whore in my life I will tell that to one day
yes I do
My apologies. I meant to, but i appreciated it and cut a pasted with haste. I look forward to following you.
just had an amazing dinner at , everything was fantastic!
damn those are sexy!!! They're perfect for you :))
Was up
Who wants a SHOUTOUT with love ?! RT THIS . FOLLOW for FOLLOWBACK
sadly, you're right.
Back on it...
Lets give girls that chase douche bags around for attention some guidence CALL ME A BITCH BUT I GIVE DOUCHE BAGS NO ATTENTION
Saw daughters said I remind them of 2 characters in the movie & Jennifer Lewis's role *something 2 think abt*
Hello Rhonda and Thank you
bold RT: For April Fool's I pulled out a checkbook at the grocery store really slowly the ppl behind in line were like No no way
Yes we ship to Canada send us an email to with your address so we can give you a quote Thanks
the bat call worked! great success!
swear! I owe him SO many assignments but I seriously see no point in doing them. its not even worth it.
I love gettin mah booty hole tickled...
Why don't musicals get made anymore?! I want a legit answer
Too blessed to be stressed. Too blessed to be stressed. Too blessed to be stressed.
Car sped up through a puddle and splash my whole body. Probably a grumpy Hoosier
I am a human form of non violence. I guess you want me to be a human form of destruction fuck your GOD
Looking forward to the return of to Raw tonight !! Way 2 go
Way to completely stun the #Grammys Joy and JP!!
We're sorry, we had them! We didn't want to be rude and intrude and ask:(
I'm not even lying I do the exact same Shit lol
Plain liver and other organ meats would probably be best.
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Our photographer, , is one of the best in the Midwest, we can't wait to see the photos! :-)
ugh :( you can sing the national anthem to me;)
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #16 - Caffeine blocks adenosine receptors which stop you from getting drowsy.
looking for yes!
Back to work lol <U+E011>
This is my first #writersroad. Any hints I should have ahead of time? ;)
brah I heart you ;)
Softball game, then with my boy <U+2665>
4" heels after working out ... NOT THE BUSINESS!
Again, is not Darius Morgan. He's like....the stoner fictional son of
This is the sadness of the sea/waves like words, all broken—a sameness of lifting and falling mood -WCWillams. Apropros happenings.
Thanks sir. I wish I could be in Daytona right now.
RT : Scott Bell, Scott Bonilla and Scott Bonds still hitless
s/o to Katy since it's her birthday <3
Ohh 4.05 for gas in Northern IL today.
One week until our Huge announcement!
love the picture with blonde hair. its very pretty.
for today brah!!
. Yes. Thanks! Story coming. // RT Did u hear of a 26YO woman getting deferred today after pleading to sex with her 13YO neighbor?
I don't like it when my parents are home because then I can't eat freely :(
Hopefully 1 of these many chicks I know call me & try to kick it 2nite
Couldn't let me have my moment eh Bean? Had to go and one up me? And on mother's day? You're lucky I <3 ya >;-)
CC Sabathia looks like he got really fat. Makes me love him that much more.
Mei-Ann Chen just took the podium at First TN Bank Women's Initiative meeting! Mphs Symphony Orchestra
Go for it. Nix that worry wart Virgo mind. You have nothing to lose but your fear. And everything to gain right now :)
Flagging memory can also be compared with the fading me-nots.
looking forward to ur comprsn at #ivaa12. I use 4 pm tools on daily basis, incl Basecamp-I love Central Desktop above them all! ;)
theres always that bunch of fake people in high school and even after high school. things never change. should i put them on blast? fun!
Base hit for the O's
Your huge tits aren't impressive if I could better motorboat your flabby stomach
bahaha yup! We sent a drink to Brent and told the waiter to tell him we said yolo matata
ew your voice mail is so fucking annoying
I've already seen too many keytars today.
thats whats good. hell my day off and all i did was sleep in something rare for me and stuff my face all day due to boredom
So I am so tired, I'm about to pass out for the next 30 minutes.
: she does have a Facebook but not a twitter
Thanks for the follow ! Don't forget to check out the #FreeArtGiveaway!
Can't wait to try out the new Lion OS...
night rider symphonies...
All great achievements require time. -David J. Schwartz
We got a major announcement that involves coming soon.
Noting mi just a Learn tweeter so mi start. Wit u lol
- Yes I do. She's brilliant.
OMG!! Penner has a pulse!
of course. We live here in Austin. It's not as thought we're going to trash it then go back to NYC. We'll be responsible.
I.don't know when i will get home. Traffic is a mess.
FLYING ALL AROUND THE WORLD CAUSE YOLO
If you went to the IB social, you're a loser! The Avengers!!!
That's it. Our night is complete. #foodiechats Yay!
Collapsed left lung, but okay. Thanks for all the support of my friends, teammates and nc state staff! Will be running soon.
Where are ya'll watching the big game this Sunday? There's the Beer Bowl at my fave or 's Hot Wing Eating Contest..
Henry from joins us in studio... coming up next!
Happy. Just Happy.
As long as injustice abounds in the workplace, no salad is safe!
a great week for sure
is i
Yeah, just throw some Tide on it. Who said NASCAR was a redneck sport? #LiveActionAdvertising right there y'all
such a gorgeous post today, lady!
all day everyday :-D lol ur crazy
GET TO BED, DAMMIT!
The yearly hat tip to Nicklas Lidstrom. Was it the last year of an awesome career? I hope not. At 41 he's still one of the greatest.
Very cool for to come in great dude! Had a lot of fun can't wait for Thursday
Scene Study class with Marjorie Ballentine is the best, she is truly blessed at what she does. Can't wait to learn more,
Wishing co-writer, Deon C. van Rooyen, a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
<U+2640>God heals the broken hearted, He will bandage your wounds and erase your sorrows<U+2640>
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe He's looking down in a smile.
#Aries have an ambitious streak. Sometimes one person just isn’t enough but two or three will work out just fine.
i know its so hard isnit it? especially if ur not tweetadder that things a joke, automated system to do twitter for u its crap
TBone remains consistently Top Monitored, & Sundays 4* WIN only helps! Tonight, TBone has a MLB 4* for you and Him to cash with! BPOSport
Took dog for walk this sunny spring a.m. to discover bldg next door surrounded by cops. Pretty sure we've totally won that war on drugs now.
Pretty standard for me. 107cc all in on Qh8c9c flop against Q5 (lol) and of course I brick everything. Guy yelled like he won main event.
I guess that's why I wound up in TV not print! Paul-A!
omg that is cute
Wendy's. King. Donald's
I LOVE YOUU ! do you love me back ? <3
": Bill Clinton having sex with that woman. #TFM"
I think oomf is a male groupie...LOL!!!!!!! lemme find out
making love faces
Whew! Air Hoenig @ Small's. Dude is always on fire.
booking Portland for April 10th!
Ahh great work out! :)
His last day tomorrow ima cry
Any movie with Jason Statham
Smoking pipe makers #Continental and #Alibaba #IHaveAnIdea ! for you. Talk to me about a modern, novel, easy invention. 13112
Talk about Hunger Games, I'm STARVIN'!
Active Child up next at Black Cat.
keep complaining. I like the results!
Great work and awesome music
Mike's white pizza, calzone, boutique beers, sports pub on walsingham irb sleek flat screens&decor Fab!
"Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Don't you love Indianapolis?
And that's it. I'm home.
Great com
It's building up a neat little mythology, and yes, it can be creepy.
CHECK OUT LATEST DESIGNS.. LINK.. SUPPORT.. MIAMI STAND UP..
I was sitting in a meeting this morning thinking "Why don't we notice when we blink?" Blew my own mind.
fight with me. oh yeah, thats great. and i'll disguise myself by having my account be a fan of someone else, when really all im gonna do >
#9sM i really want those
I'll see if I can go :)
Lucky you, we just had a massive windy rainstorm for a bit, now cold and wet and cloudy.
thanks...keep up the good work
Sore from working out, kind of want to get a membership at planet fitness though
snotty nose... foggy lenses...
Let's go crabs!
Thanks for the cheer help today! Probably couldn't have done it without you!
Love estimated tax time. Doesn't EVERYBODY?!
Nice to tweet you and !
Janelle represents all of the reasons why I got into the business to now work for a major label. We need more authentic artists- support it!
too much credit given because of expectations driven from the time we'd b chillin, so I can't make u a villian...ur just part of the million
“I never leave the house without applying lip gloss first.” #TargetBeauty cc:
Can't ever sleep in this town.
Totally :) I want to get that too next year!
Castle Redmond says Oakland school cut suspensions by 87%
loss to the ravens?
To all those going to #MSHSProm: use protection, tip your limo driver, and request a Backstreet Boys song for me.
#Colts win by 3 tonight.. my prediction!
lol. Yeah. Ok.
awee what happened =[
I want to assign some sisters to do it all because I trust they'd actually fulfill it. Tinsy smidgeon of how the Lord feels.
Another chance to win two $25 passes to the Mylan Classic at Southpointe Golf Club! Passes go to lucky caller #7 during today's show!
Daily Special, Tue 03/20/12 - Lightly seasoned pork chop served w/ mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and dressing. While it lasts! $6.09
Trying to figure out who I should dedicate my 8900 tweet to when I get there..
O a birthday tweet I love it
Continuing my Sunday morning tradition of ironing and #TheBigBangTheory marathon. I'm hard-to-the-core.
when surprised me at work today >>>>
Guys I'm so happy right now
All of the upstairs offices are out, too! Crazy!
you're always welcome!
Well, THAT got out of hand REAL fast.
I need to make this my new mantra ;) RT: "Done is better than perfect."
Happy Birthday !!!! Wishing you many more bdays to come... God Bless!! RT
We need to stop complaining about this game, damn it. Last time I checked we were still in it.
Under 21 attendees, got ya covered for FREE at the fest. Rivertown Brew Co & Highlife on special for 21 & Up!
breakfast of champions..
Congratulations you won Twitter Money Machine Giveaway! Come Grab the Cash April 19 at 7pm!
Thanx ken, u rule!! RT : wow you guys like the best music, and I can't wait to buy your new record on June 12!!!
TOO EXCITED!
NetworkedBlogs is a way to publish your content to people whove subscribed to receive updates based on categories etc. it helps!
Um, I'm Good.
me and a colleague
OK. that post did not make sense. It was supposed to come from Dogbook and be a status on Charlie, my Cairn. Sigh. FAIL!
Great meeting at headquarters
There is something dead in the apartment. This is not good at all.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!! <U+E033><U+E112><U+E448>
Hungry mothers = underweight infants = slower growth & more trouble learning = reduced long-term ability to overcome hunger
We are officially home owners in Portland!
yeah lets! How about Thursday?
How do we know what God says about something? It is in His written word. It doesn't change in spite of man's will and desire.
Staged reading tonight pm. The Bridge Theatre at Shetler Studios 244 w 54th, 12 floor!
I know that's sad for you, but it's pretty much the greatest thing ever for me. Skype date soon?
Digital Media Ghost (DigMedGhost) thanks for the follow.
every six months here too. And I'll give a +1 on that
#LTNY looking at progression of shifts in the business of law
lol I gave it away...
#ThingsKidsDo make a mess
0_0 oh sh*t RT Left-handed people are more likely to be schizophrenic.
On the radio last night, heard this lady singing about a boy who won't write a Christmas list because "God is my Santa Claus." Yikes.
Yeah! on The Voice and Ed Sheeran on Conan. :D
Exclusive video of D. Rose limping into Trump Tower surrounded my friends supporting him.
How is everyones Sunday morning going!? Let us know
#Merry&Bright opening day! Enjoy family crafts 11 - 2, and a performance by the Mobile Millennium Carillon at 2pm.
Why are people coming to Bj's in this weather <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
how are your Coyotes doing? and how close is it to the playoffs?
I think it's time for a change...
So, who got to play with two 1-month old baby tigers yesterday? THIS GIRL!!
FBCD... Bottom play with amazing upside potential!!! One ass hole holding this back. Slap the ask and he's out then were off to da moon!!!
what is it?
Done with prom hair for the day! She looked beautiful and I am proud :)
this is my very first 5k!
WI State Senate set to pass 2 bills that improve crim justice sys 4 survivors--more experienced ADAs and allowing hearsay @ prelim hearings.
I really wish would just let his game do the talking.
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
&quot;We need radical experimentations to answer the questions around dwindling resources and increasing populations&quot;
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
BALLOON UPDATE: No Rush Hour Race this morning due to rain. Stay tuned for possible afternoon launch.
Nice to meet you Heather!
hey guys i rly need followers plz help me out!!! <3 thanks and check out my makeup videos on youtube.com/makeupgal16
JUST GOT THE CALL
I just deleted my "wedding" board on Pinterest. Feels good!
": was just jogging in the in the woods. it was got mad dark and rapey i had to roll out"spiders on chains. winter is coming.
the music or the 'condiment'?
Happy Holidays everyone! We've had a great month supporting awesome causes thanks to you. Enjoy this time of year!
Baby theres a shark in the water </3
you are correct! Right now @ DMV for permit!
Just got my iPod back, I feel so depressed like why was I cursed with this mother? Well I have it till 9:00.
Cant wait to see Thomas and cheryl in two weeks
I have no excuse for today.
needs to get out of Ghettocity and visit me once in a while.
Wow didn't think hearing that would really piss me off.
We should meet up one day. I think you're alright.
What a week! #lotsgoingon tonight's event with was so insightful!
Bek se ju ... I (think) I love you! Or I'm just tipsy ... One or the other?
Thinking abt not modeling anymore : / ive been doing it for so long... it's just not the same
lmao the one and only happy easter to both of you n ur familys
#Zimmerman since when does a man with a gun scream for help.......
no I wrote the ms, found an agent who shopped it around, and it was bought by Gallery/Simon&Schuster
Kind of worried about all your posts whats up with your mom and baby sis?
For the "no fees" airline, Southwest sure has found a lot of ways to charge for things that are normally free.
RT : RT : RT : Is your network ready for #cloud computing? Let's discuss the challenges: |...
Art is human....
Huge turnout at WakeGOP convention tonight.
...pink slime isn't always available. : Fill in the blank Friday: I couldn’t live without coffee because _____
dude I go to school in Berea, not an OSU fan, ha. Hunwick was a wolverine too.
it deff was
On my way home . . #ThankTheLord !!
check your listing for Sennheiser HD 280 headphones. The lowest price link is the wrong model and I am seriously disappointed! : (
haha I'm good G! Just working wsup with you tho...you still playing ball?
I hope it was a joke!! I wasn't watching closely so it definitely could have been. So crazy!
thank you you're music helps me when im in a pissy mood
Don't be surprised when I wipe the floor with your face<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
Hey Tasha! Twitter is weird and i don't get all my tweets till days later!
Just saw this unique bit of advice for community moderators: "Be caution when spending members." (Be cautious when suspending members?)
Don't gas me up
yes I know
falen come party in e town for st patties day haha and bring that stud steve o
everyday, that's all I do :) RT
She was slick &shes happy she got away in court..who will see her the same old casey? no 1.Only god knows what happend
WOW. RT Murdoch Is Considering Stepping Down As CEO Of NewsCorp. If so, he would be succeed by COO Chase Carey - Reports $NWSA
Great time! Makes sense
it was soo good! My only issue was I think Ricky and Max should switch roles.
LOL! I've never seen so many adults get this excited over the opening of a film.
you're so annoying shutup >.>
1 MORE PERSON FOLLOW !! SHE FOLLOWS BACK
signals issue are tricky. it works and then all of a sudden just start showing signs of problem. we'll get this fix for you
i know, samee here. its been too long!
SAME AWAY FROM DIS S*IT “: Could use a #romanholiday right now!! x”
Congrats to Carlos Condit on his win! Way to rep for New Mexico!!
home alone what to do?
lol ok. How was your interview yesterday?
Bart, a woman is like a beer. They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one! -Homer Simpson
A Happiest Birthday wish to the beautiful, Classy !! Hope to see you soon :-) X
RT : overheard some "hardcore" 9th graders discussing how a kid had one four loko and threw up in Sam's vagina
Case-Shiller Index ended 2011 at new lows. The national, 10-city and 20-city composites are at the lowest level since mid-2006!
Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Poland Springs Water
Happy 15th #php !! ...and many more.
i just broke my mug ive been using everyday at work for years. tear.
I am ok with Wade taking the shot but I didn't like how hesitant LeBron was. Hot Potato
Or some of the thinkers that I'd imagine you would call radical and/or violent for that matter.
April 27 RT : When are announcements for the American Express Leadership Academy going out?
haha I'm just here waiting for g to get out of his ap test and she's like you need to wait outside she needs a real job
Times have changed and we do not need to rely on imported fossil fuels anymore
I got all my final grades I'm still holdin a 3.5 and I only got 3 classes next semester and I'm done
go follow my other account -
It looked like a tornado had hit my office when I got back to work last week, but I think I've FINALLY caught up!
Can go to meeting at work cuz the people lookin for me thanks to <<<<<< she told on me for an ultimate feast lol
Researching cocktails for an upcoming Baltimore restaurant. My goal is to tantalize, educate the imbiber's palate to long-forgotten flavors.
Already anticipating my spring courses: "Bioscience, Genetics, and the New Technologies" and "Disease, Death, and the Politics of Health"
LOOK AT HIM. I WANT TO RAPE MY TV
A no hitter in the cape wont even make the globe, but the right girl, thatll last you forever.
Why do I feel so bad that I'm not doing choir?
i told hi in the hall today after 6th ._____. i got dissed or he didn't notice.
Alright cool we will have to come out there.
Familia #TheSoulstice extended version coming soon!
it's looking like $250...
Kind of obsessed with the Voice and Cee-Lo's cat.
We had a little "come to Jesus" meeting. She now appreciates her license & the use of the car. ;)
Really love the fact that Randy Wolf has 60 pitches on the 7th!
follow back preeeeetttty please :))
Can love, really exist? Hm....
Shame On Lloyd Blankfein and Rupert Murdoch - Forbes
Off to work soon. Hate working retail. Fake compliments are better than ever, sad to be such a good liar? Need to get that #internship soon.
your website looks bad on iPad.
Hey DC, Rick Santorum's at the Supreme Court right now, so if you need any women's health advice, run on over.
HAPPY 13th WEDDING ANNIVERSARY!!!!!!!
... It's National Puppy Day ... [ ] ... Two who are doing their part for pet adoption.
Stoked for the grand opening March 10th...Hell of a deal too!
*Breath In* *Breath Out* Thank God For the Breath Of Life.
I booked a night at the ritz, so I can put them between your tits
A job posting crossed my desk today that had the requirement for a potential candidate to "receive 10 or more pokes per day." Really? -__-
she's a dime lol
DO YOU EVEN WATCH SPORTS?!?! youre hellen kellers black son
Tank top tomorrow!
Watching the MJ court case and heard the best line. the guy on the stand was asked did he have a copy of paper He said NO I hope you do'''
Excited to take my visiting parents to all my favorite eateries:
I was thinking how awesome it would be if you had s app! ;)
passing off untruth about another in which the untruth will harm the reputation of the person (defamation) - more -
LOVED your "Voices of Lombard Street" exhibit! Baltimore, if you haven't been, this is definitely one to check out!
Oh work is fun... ha fuck that
lol just a hole thru the middle of his hair for wind to go thru for aerodynamics in the atom
“When you come to a fork in the road, take it.” ~ Yogi Berra
*Gulp.* The WHAT? Pictures, please! #snatchel RT : And the glittery uteruses have arrived!
Bottomless cups tonight ladies no cover charge till 11 pm and lots of free shots so come out
go on oovoo
I just witnessed violence for no good reason. So sad that people have so much hate in their hearts.
After work I know imma b a complete mess
Nun much chillin
Just found out the reason my good friend hasn't been at school for the past 2 weeks is because she tried to commit suicide. I am in shock.
he's not mine anymore...i can see it..i dont go to school for 1 day and...he's with that b****! :(
I've got so much great new/old music to share with you tonight. Please join me at Berry Park (N. 14th & Berry st.) 9pm-3am No Cover.
Im so much better without you
2 days in a row I guess
didn't coachella 2012 just end? why are coachella 2013 tickets on sale on thursday? weird.
it's exercise! Eat a cookie later. ;-)
Did you know? - #DorothyHeight was the National President of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority from 1947 - l956.
My hunger for pancakes trumps everything else. Nothing will taste good besides pancakes.
RT Cheeks exercise,braces,lighten lips colour,lighten hair colour..something is super wrong with me.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
RT : Join us TONIGHT from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at Hotel Parq Central for a Hot Singles Nomination Party at Apothecary Lounge.
Word. Thanks for the info.
Somebody said, "I like Selena's song 'Billy Billy Bomba'" NO.
Why is it so hard for ESPN to stick with one shot for more than 3 seconds?
I use , and sometimes
same here, here, here lol
Allergy Suffers: Moderate to High levels of tree pollen measured in the #NYC metro area. Take your meds!
Looking forward to the CEO Project this week in Chicago!
i hate this kid norris cole...
Any #Eco-friendly tips for around the home?
Pretty sure no one in Sacramento cares about the Tour of California bike race since they totally negated us this year.
Got her bein lowkey my bros always blessing the bitches dat is...
I am Tired!!
i told her OK i C yu den i gave dat ass a Thunder clap
Some people irritate me >_< wooosah
lol who telling u this foolishness
I deleted my instagram last night, twitter is getting close.
and no one is shocked the photographer is hahaha
Watching the game with G-Ma and ! Go #Cowboys!!
Met some kids who named their dog "Lahey". Easily the kewlest dog of all time.
I'm as happy as a clam at high water!
Yall gang bangin $$$ is my sign...
Cool avatar!
any good music in Boulder tonight?...any boulder bands using twitter to promote themselves in CO?...to the world?
Dumas can I get in ur fantasy league??
I never really used the sharing w/in GReader features. More about RSS aggregation, accessible anywhere I am.
ALWAYS! we need some quality time to catch up soon. I never see you anymoree :(
is the video up yet??
"You're killin' me, smalls." RT : What is your favorite baseball film?
my a Capella singing :D
#thebachelorette Some of these guys look older than me! 27?? More like 47!!
We're in. But I can't dismiss what might happen when Gloria comes on screen.
Morning tweetie pies ;-)
I'm obsessed with One Direction. Just a lil bit. I FUCKING LOVE THEM!!!!!!!
Yes! RT Nicely done! and others on the success of #TwestivalSEA benefitting great #Seattle org
Losing my motor skills quickly...
this is the sickest i've been since 2007, when sweat rained down on me from the satellite ballroom ceiling right at the start of flu season.
Oh it's on Youtube. LOL.
Never make someone your priority when you are simply their option
Damn man...even Sloth had a TV to watch in the basement
we do not need our stream blown up by crap pre season football play by play ....thanks
Excited for tomorrow… the day before the Masters!!
But, it is putting me in the mood for happy hour today.
even when you hold the mirror up and point out the bad decision, doesn't work. It's tiring.
Oy - you are so right; we stand corrected. We clearly didn't have enough coffee before posting this AM!
Thanks for the follow!
A relationship without trust is like having a phone with no service. And what do you do with a phone with no service? You play games.
Hearing on HB1450, a bill sponsored by and myself, is set for today at 1pm.
That "Michael Kidd-Gillcrest" guy (sounds like a real sleeper) can't beat out John Henson!?!?
<3 <3 <3 i love you so much. " Obama has my vote. Always has, always will. #lovesandsupportsmybrother"
"Hi, I thought this might interest you."
April is Stress Awareness Month- how do you handle your stress?
' Anyways waitn on my babe to come!
In the studio with all that stuff in my face that makes her a Diosa.....they aint ready
I love fireworks!!!
Not really, you learn that as an intern.
Going to see transformers 3d xd.
": Did I just sleep for 11 hours? #YES" that's some real nigga shit
“Nihilism is best done by professionals.” - Iggy Pop
I've never cried to a song until i heard the song hair. :)
A plancharme el pelo o o o o o o o o o o o o o
Good things happening at Bedrock Lending. Keep your eyes on our tweets.
Just heard that Dick Clark died. I am depressed and the Mayans were right.
Those days when nothing exciting happens untill the end of the day! #woah!
Old creeper walkin down the aisle and I have no clue what he said #Some1TellMe!!
dont know if were making more but if we start selling them ill let you know
Yup RT : If I didn’t have all these photos that I’ll never look at, I don’t know how I would make my computer run so slow.
sometimes the best thing u can do is not think. not wonder. not obsess. just breathe & have faith that everything will work out for the best
He has 2 take a dump B4 leavin Lol
he said it on some of his songs! Smh
All I want to do is take a day off to nap all day, but I can never seem to nap on the days I actually have off.
RT : THINGS JESUS NEVER SAID: "I'm giving up chocolate for lent."
nope, unfortunately. I know people are interested and talking about the space, but nothing yet
Is it safe to bring back the Beer & Chicken Wings yet...we still suck without them!
I text you and told you
#Pissed This Bitch Got Me Fucked All The Way Up .
Who uses #advocare products? Feedback/suggestions/tips/favorite products?!
Is this a direct quote? #romney I'm sure it is in private... Kyt :j
I I love you like a love song baby and I just keep hitting repeat repeat repeat
To live in a world without you is more painful than any punishment. Do you know that no one can replace you in my heart?
1/2 off snow day at is very exciting especially on fish fry friday!
class act
Be Kind Rewind
same here! I almost cried at school... But my friends an I are going to Detroit.
Thanks Heather! A lot of people unfortunately received a weird DM from me...
Taking full advantage of our sunshine?
i know right me too!!!!
Klusoz tonight people :-)
goin to the docs. fun...
then you obviously dont know me:) hehe.
Xmas Tweets: Sister-in-law upset she didn't make it on the Xmas Tweets yet. I got news for her. I never will mention Betsy on one of these!
Now I just need to finish all of my work so I can keep applying to more internships!
What have you been listening to this month? Tell us what you've found inspiring recently.
Grateful to see a new morning
If I seen #oomf, I'd be in a much better mood..
Listening to Cobi Jones defend Keane taking that PK reminds me of Sarah Palin defending John McCain for some reason
RT : single since january . feels like forever though . :o"
omg i love you so much youre amazing and this is definetily not emily woooohooooo<333
Does anyone else find it comical that #Webbys voting is hosted on Aol? This is really the place for the winners of the internets?
Who is the most famous French ant ?Napoleant !
Actually, that's not entirely true - there was a stop at Five Guys for food in between bc I overheard talking about it today.
he is a fine man. He could talk to me and I would melt. MELT. I'd put on heels for that man.
Bye, bye SB5!
you.. jejemon -_- you should read it = FOREVER = 4ever
Read Andrew Marvell this morning. "My vegetable love" makes me laugh every time.
CFB is definitely one of the greatest sports in this country. The passion of the fan bases is unmatched.
I feel like twitter could serve as a script for us in college
Product/service delivery appears in two camps: Either you are delivering an outcome on the cutting edge, or you are playing catchup.
Is there a rule about eating in the press box? I've seen some writers I know couldn't go 9 w/o eating.
FF Talent Film peeps
“: Any snowboard fans ?!” I'm a fan of any sport bro!
yeah exactly. even if you memorized it, it was still tough as hell.
This SRT ain't bad yet for once .! ..... YET
ate some now just sit here and be bored
OhEmGee. Im bored
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away. It feels longer than that. It doesn't even feel like december yet.
Myself will be at yo house tomorrow!
im still writing
Dude doctor offices take forever! Been sitting here for an hour really!?!!!
Amazing rescue!
hit my line g
taqueria santa cruz is certainly one of our local faves!
You dont know him like i do you dont know what we been through that that boys my bestfriend
Haircut in a salon: $50 plus tip. Haircut in my bathroom by my own hand: priceless.:) See ya split ends. For free!
now if they say your full address call the police . . .
Time for MNF! Catch the Rams vs. Giants at TK Downtown and support a local charity JUST by showing your awesome face!
lol you're coming with me to AA haha
you're welcome!
Breakin' is probably the funniest and best dance movie ever made!! Love it!
I think I just got hit on. On the kennedy. In traffic.
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people. - Proverb
: aannnnnd, our new cd is coming out in a few weeks!!! Yay!!
what song do you want to cover?
My hair is literally turning orange
America, my painter just hired 2 new employees to work on my homes. They were both on unemployment and food stamps. Who is the job creator??
ill tell em after u tellem bout dem tuna rice cakes u got bakin n da oven.lol
Phone kept me from sleeping this morning...... now its stephen A. & skip Teb.....I meam bayless.
hey I've seen them too don't worry! Nobody believed in us this year either and we came out one game away.
if you want to earn more,learn more
“Confront issues and challenges – not each Other.” — Suzanne Mayo Frindt
Good morning..... afternoon, Los Angeles.... Where shall we adventure today?
re: usability testing I'm guilty of it. With 140 character limit I sometimes take shortcut !
RT No disrespect to the movie, but i think we got enough women thinking like men. "YUP and acting like men too! SMH"
Ya, my expectation is SA follows only versions of the original work.
They're as bad as sports talkers trying to do politics.
I'm good, off to a social media event this evening. I mean why work, when you can party - right?
Damn got burnt mowin the lawn
sounds great. God blesses those who show compassion to the meek. My contributions are direct to the villages.
Those nights where your skype keeps fuckn up when you trying to talk to someone who makes you happy -____- and to think I got the upgrade
Attention everyone! & I are being ratchet on Instagram! Follow us now for the f**kery! -> bernadettegiacomazzo & _sire_ >:)
thank you so much! :)
Very exciting. Sad to miss the meeting.
Thirsty Thursday!!! $1 off Signature drinks and Wisconsin craft beers! Who's thirsty!?!?!?!
the Kanye West episode. I was like -_- I was on his page and a fan before we were ebb called GRANDerz. Lol It was so long ago..
it was my pleasure (:
Tiramisu - breakfast of champions
85 to IR?
- What sort of items are you trying to have appraised? The link requires a login.
Twotter prayer I wanna be the Tom Cruise of our generation, or patience to see what I can accomplish.
lmfaooooo yo ass be zooming in on my nose <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I find myself using cash less because _____________________
We have over 70 #sportsbiz professionals RSVPed for tonight event ! It's going to be a great night of networking!
Great Holiday Gifts Deals! $15 & $18 Nike Tempo Shorts at 1379 Family Sports Shop, 2727 Exposition Blvd., 78703.
enjoyed your podcast presentation. "teachers and students are always on, even when they're off" good to keep in mind
RT : Currently beginning to get college fantasy football league set up. It's on.
I of course think red wine was invented so moms don't kill their kids
So true! RT : It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle Onassis
Good choice! Anyone else vote Crimson? ": Joan Jett - Crimson and Clover."
yuck no smacking of food while u eat
you're fuckin famous.
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist.... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
#Wellingtonswag please call and tell him I love him 469 233 0513
Forget to retweet, Pete.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! UR a miracle! Mom,Cancer survivor, then mom again! God is good! So glad that we've been friends for 20 yrs!
Well..goodbye Nancy Pelosi..and good ridance. Time for a big retirement party!!!
; like why can't i hold conversations or crack funnies w/ people via twitter!? Isnt it what's its for right! it is an social network.
Much easier to count things than use data to improve process, says But that doesn't get you anywhere. #SMAS12 #measure #yes!
Maybe I will do that! ": that's a hard one. You may just need to write it. #textbooksmakebank"
That's a fine phrase, full of pathos and poetry. Mine today is "a necessary firmness" (from the play Ghosts by Henrik Ibsen).
Tomorrow is the big day!! #PrettyLittleLiars Halloween Episode!!
hahaha-- semi erect = Broken Arrow
Employers requesting Facebook passwords - even though its illegal- candidates just create two accounts!
Trill shit. We need to collab one day. Keep in contact.
Not really...I'm resigned to the fact it'll have to run its course.
Mr. Quintero defends FLES as a parent and taxpayer. He illustrates how happy children are when they see their FLES teacher.
u and both! ;) Chipotle is awesome!!
lmao yes I find that guy so hilarious!
I am the only (actual) girl here ary Aut Bar. Really. Drink please.
I don't judge.
Happy Friday the 13th!!
hell yeah dude!!!
Well Dan, you should become one of cooks! You're good!
Online Presence – Having an online presence gives potential lenders or investors and customer’s immediate access to your business.
It's #SlanderCJWatson Day on the Morning Show... If you still pissed about last night's Bulls Defeat tweet us at !
Complacency is the new cool. Like it's not cool to care too much about anything. So put out mediocre shit and you're cool now. Fuck that.
All the streets around the one on which I live are hyper-gang-active, but my street's fine!
Q: what do you like better oranges or apples? A: oranges!
What are the Best Boston Skateboard Companys?
Redcats USA Appoints Jonathan Bernstein to CEO of The Golf Warehouse Redcats USA has appointed Jonathan Bernstein as CEO of The Golf Ware
We didn't have a loving mom but were lucky to have grandma & an aunt to help fill the void. Kudos to all women who do this.
Come see us at in Funkytown today! Good beer, nice weather, and 2 wks from our Fest! Couldn't ask for much else.
those awkward things you say on twitter that you wouldn.'t say on facebook
YEA stuupid butt heads
Loves that moment when you almost get killed
I wonder how this world would be if everyone just felt beautful.
Are you on the show floor today?
tweeting you from Navy Pier right now:) <3 I love you!!
Make it happen
Wow, it was super cool to see all the people in pink walking in my neighborhood today. Cheers for Breast Cancer Awareness!
They might have more $ for their shaming campaigns but there are more of us! We just need to get involved in the discussion!
Frances Richard reads w/ Miranda Mellis this Friday the 23rd at Unnameable Books in Brooklyn.
Maybe while is at Lollapalooza the can snag them for a MKE date.
I hate how some people in twitter have fake pictures.
Gosh girl we haven't talked in forever on herr!!!
A blunt
This weekend on The Trail: Corvette Show at Winery at La Grange; Harmony Place Charity Benefit and Scott Murray at the Philip Carter Winery
3 days until new site launches.....
How does the move toward open eduction disrupt our thinking about general education requirements?
TIP: Poker can be a fun night out, but it doesn't go well with alcohol consumption. Try to limit your alcohol intake to 1 to 2 drinks.
Thank you for the recomendation! It is much appreciated.
RT “: and myself have agreed to no haircuts until after all star break...call it #grindmode”
Ha(: #schoolisCool pretty please follow
have fun in Vegas homie! Tell Byron I said what up
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected. —Alan Dershowitz
I feel the need to tweet.
yes dinner would be great. Thx
like me lol
so adorable
So later on this week I will be receiving all of the things I need to test making promo cards with a player's picture on them. :)
stay on your Deen
Launching just in time for Black His/Her Story Month, www.thewritelifeshow.com New Post: "The Dreamer, The Believer...The Writer".
Now David is almost caught up again/ we did make him go to the park w us though
nothing & you !! how you been <3
Candy Paint Cali Cruisin in the PHANTOM
I need more FOLLOWERS!!!!!!<U+E409>
tell PETA my mink is draggin on the floor
doing good fam!! hope all is well with u 2
@ the Library: My water bottle leaked in my bag soaking everything even me, thru my coat & sweater. That was one wet bus ride to work.
brushing my teeth before a show ha ha lol jk I'm going to school gotcha
I agree Drupal features are more flexible than profiles. Let me mix 'em up. That was a chief shortcoming of Commons 1.x.
sorry girls but taking a picture of your crotch and legs kinda makes you look slutty
yea..about that i haven't got my AP yet..has May's AP been sent out yet?...
Sitting with Bobbie Kilberg, president of , at Consumer Electronics Association "Digital Patriots" Awards Dinner at Newseum.
GoodNight Twitter :)
Yesterday will be on Pennsylvania imradio.com @ 3:49 today!!
Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing. You never stop until you die.
has never read anything by Euclidean before.
i swear i spend more time in ohio than kentucky.
In SF Chinatown, just had some yummy dimsum and tons of fruit and veggies..Happy!!
Hey , does the spit or swallow?
#LegendOfKorra, I love you. You're familiar yet so different, it's quite brilliant.
Heard Broad Axe's new brew will be: "Essence de Ryan" (must be said with french accent)
And it has been the pitchers that have been the sourse of the issues with the #RedSox they should just shut up and pitch.
Gm, how you been?
Up at c & as about to perform
Brian Boyle just simply cannot be stopped in this series!
miss you too
Just saw ride by on his bike!
Time to show the #Chargers how to #BeGreat! Go Pack Go have a great game today!! GnY!!
We said it b4.... Models Artists Producers Photographers WHOEVER!!!! HOLLA AT US!!!!! #WENETWORK!!!!
Don't forget 2 days it's Relax...it's Monday and weve got open bar for ladies along w/ & spinning
It's impossible to eat healthy when you never go shopping and would rather spend money on other shit, mainly bad things. Roosters? Aghhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
haha I love it man. Sorry I didn't thank you before.
why did the chicken cross the mobius strip? to get to the same side. you've been POMPED son.
#WI lost more jobs (9700) last month than ANY other state. Hows that #walker reform work en for ya Wake up!
good morn ms.
Mike Daniels and Jerron McMillian welcome the #Packers!
but I passed all of my classes tht I have failed the exam so I'm good
65 to 35 in less than 24 hours...Only in NWI! Glad Im not in WI or MN though! Keep the snow there por favor!
if 5 people RT that tweet we will :)
Have had an amazing time #cleaneating around Edinburgh. Now heading south for more adventures.
Oh what a day, what a day. Can't wait for it to be over.
please, please, please, follow me?(:
Thanks for sharing. Clearly not a yes or no question. :)
I WON THE #Flyers vs #Penguins GAME IN FANCAKE! BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Feature request: filter to never (ever) show me fulfilled results. Ever. Ever.
Okay... I lied...lol RT Not worried about #Lakers being competitive against the #Thunder. They'll fix the mistakes.
Twitter won't let me change my icon!!!! CURSES!
its kind of like a guys urban legend ... Shit doesn't exist ,if so there would be hella fat ass'es everywhere lol
What you should see? That's right, LA BOHEME (SPOKEN) at the FLEA. Talented people!
That's good news! GoGo Sushi is probably the best sushi place in the OKC Metro area!
yes, but thats literally when it starts moving... so you SHOULD be there before or you will miss the action
S/O to for being frickin' gorgeous!!!
Watching Super Size Me.
Sudafed refill time. So thankful it's pregnancy-safe.
This ish is crazy don't ever remember feeling like this dam you
doubts very much that Dick Clark recorded Christmas music.test ifttt
Awww leslie looks so pretty!
RT : All you need is chapstick, a bottle of water and a get out of jail free card :)
Right? So many of our guys got drafted! Great for the #NFL and great for our program. But wait, is it football season yet?
Which one did you get?
Ooh, that's in my TBR pile! I need to pick it up soon.
I'm suppose to be sleeping .___. Wbu?
The INDIANA STATE FAIR is in full swing! What is your favorite part of the fair? The animals? The rides? The concerts? OR - all that wacky..
if it doesn't, they have a couple great matchups in the coming weeks!
Just go to Bruce this year!
running on 3 hours of sleep and having an excellent day. so glad i stayed out last night.
Happy to see the pick up in the first round!
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch. -James Beard
Seriously, yet another Marilyn cover?? No other interesting deceased celebs for your annual "Dead" cover?
I got da best followers doe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Sure!! :)Thanks for the follow.
we will stop by! :-)
One week from today: The Foundry on Melrose. Full band this time around!
My feelings for you are like the sea. " Wild and romantic ? " "No, they make me sick."
thnks u too
Problems are just situations looking for solutions
RT : Is it my set or ate there lots of audio issues with this #oscar telecast??
i need more followers who wanna help me out
oh midterms? yeah that was 5 weeks ago. no, we're worrying about finals right now. gotta love the quarter system.
Having a great time in San Diego but I've had that feeling since I got here
Really, now you're going to be racist?
My opinion. Meek Mill- House Party music video is filthy
Setting up near the Tech Petting Zoo at the Super Happy Block Party Hope the robots don't eat our ping pong balls.
Nylon May's out w/ my reviews of Hysteria (Maggie G rules), Hick (Blake Lively nearly saves), QnA w/ Maggie Carey about sex & porn (mostly)
like when you sat at Suffolk last year? Thanks. Never forget that one. Suck it up and play. Id give my left arm to play this weeken
I hate McDonald's so much, Shit makes me wanna throw up :c
touching prayer from
How to get this song out of my head? >.<
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is! every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles!
hey call me when u can!
Eddie always has Weekly Specials Just ask 404.454.1494
Up the hill backwards — it’ll be all right.
Long live Gorilla, Lord of the Jungle.
How funny! I was gonna start wrapping my cupcake boxes n bowes too! #GreatBakersThinkAlike lol
So much for working these new monologues in class... 2 days in a row canceled? What gives!?!? Lol
Contradictions: I had "Paris-The Devil made me do it" AND "Vanilla Ice-Ice ice baby" on tape....I'll admit it.
#GoodFriday reminds me of 1 Cor 15:55 - O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?
love the mcdonalds rant, this guy speaks the truth
must. get. a. in. science.
Looking forward to visit with Ewha Woman's University in Seoul Korea this week!
#Flesh eaten. #HighLife drank. #Backyardbrush burned in a #BBQ in a #driveway. #Drunks watched. New peeps. Happy #StPatricksDay, #Milwaukee!
I BEEN ROBBED
Never saw much resemblance between Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, but seeing their dad in "Apocalypse Now" I totally see it
Gonna take my daily nap for today soon....
When you get home from hanging out with your boo and you get flash backs about the time you spent together<3
Going to spend morning at his house
If you like an item, don’t wait to buy it because it may not be there next time.
Sitting in UCLA's Institute for Pure and Applied Mathematics. Very tired. Reading up on linear algebra. I think I've gone over the edge.
this was the longest day ever. and it's not even close to being over yet
Dance party in driveway #disturbingthepeace hahaha
Would it be rude if I ate and ran??
you are amazing.
it's my birthday... Lololol even though you'll never see this
#depressingsitcoms Fresh Prince of Balls
New song today!
16 more students to finish....
been recording for so long but thanks to my sister and dad that bother me every 5 seconds being bothered while recording is not fun
Atrophied, a love machine becomes something else entirely.
I'll probably end my thesis with a line like, "joyce... had a way with words."
thanks for the RT! Hope to get more lamb pictures.
ur the best
the way says Don'y be so shy in #SaySomethin <3
Anyone under 21 didn't get the relevance or know Zombie's entrance music
will seeing the real Courtney thru the eyes of the camera change your mind and regret the decision?
going out tonight?
Boo for suburbs of metropolitan areas. If the house sells, I need to either find roommates or GTFO of this area lol
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you get lost on the way home from ur dads store that you've been to multiple times -____-
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
nice still trying to master manual in daylight over here
Healthy list O books. Interwebz book club time?
Best part of the Oscars so far: Cirque du Soleil's entrancing LIVE performance.
We broke last year's record - almost 800 visitors came through our door the day BEFORE Fiesta!
yo, if there's one person that needs to go...it's you homebwoy
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
I've had zero tolerance for people lately. People think to themselves "someone needs to slap this person." I might be the person to do it.
I heard that in eckhardt tolle's book - is that your source?
your #Tigers will be next
Go Mompreneur! There really area some great tools available to us!
Your arguments have been on point tonight.
I want the zebra vlados. Actually i want all of the vlados, but those in particular. Haha
Question to think about as we close out 2011: "Are you sowing your time to just make your job prosperous and not yourself?"
. Cork Wine Bar #HappyHour sounds amazing! I was just telling about it! Hopefully we can make it!
Out in #Berkeley ready for #DWCsf!
You can't spell ELITE without ELI!
You are welcome, my dear! Right back at ya!
It's not that long if you periodically get sick from your nephews' drool. Do you have nephews?
Excluding women from testifying at congressional hearing RE contraception is also about controlling women's sex & reproductive lives (4of6)
I know:)
everybody wants to "be down with brown" :)
thx for coming by! :)
That will be great. Can you either PM or send an email. We'll have our Education Chair contact you.
The Avengers movie is by far the best super hero movie I've ever seen!
RT Self-regulation is overrated. People should try regulating multiple selves. Much more fun.
Big Ups to all our followers! We're gearing up for our show tonight at Jazz Minds on Kapiolani Blvd in Honolulu, HI from 9:30pm-1:00am! 18+
This is gonna be one long ass day.
Dick Werthimer~ The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
Well now I feel old. ;) You went far grasshopper! How's business?
brotha man! You bounce clubs right?
Pastor Ben from Madison Alliance Church giving the message: "The hour has come. Glorify your Son, that your Son may Glorify you." -Jesus
If you haven't had time to take a look, videos from the #ITC12 conference are up on the presentation repository site!
This weekend fucking sucked, but it ended great:) i love my best friends Ryli and Kayla:)
Always me
hello my darling!!!!
Their parents need to know and embrace their roots in order to pay it forward. That is not always the case.
I don't even read other people tweets, I just speak my thoughts and don't give a shit if you respond
im watching bad girls club and wwe mondday night eaw..let's get it
lol thanks Ian. headed to bed now
Don't miss JAP presenting that the #pollies12 #FF campaign vendors SHOOTOUT
sitting down to write, or else!
She ratchet!!!
I use to laugh at Gucci Mane but now I expect him to come and save songs when he features on them.
I wish would be creeepinnn , or should I say Derek Bieber Lmao (:
did I mention you were awesome lately?
The app is only available in certain countries.
Anxiety attack beginning now won't be gone till Tuesday afternoon...chemistry is going to kill me I want to cry right now
Right on bro. Thanks! Good luck with everything.
we had a great time playing Barktoberfest. Your team puts on a great event.
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #21: Wee MAC Scottish Brown Ale
Kim!! “: i'm following the first 100 people to follow :) RT this if you followed”
thank you! I'm a much better person for having you in my life!!!!
CCFBBL2012 live draft is tomorrow at 12 noon.
We are planning to be busy busy with #SB46 and we've got the booze in-stock to be that way!
No, you're not being lazy. That's the same stuff that irritates me. It's just lame UI.
Went to mii bro game on mii way to tha car show
So were prisoners in our own house.... Lovely
(Can you tell? I'm still at school for another couple days...)
its ok <3
Yeah you're beautiful, but I won't sweat you because there is billions of other women!
LOL it does sound wrong. Well Congrats on the new phone!!!
Mark Twain said, -The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.- Share a favorite clean joke.
Turn on the heat it's Central Florida. Do Ilook like a damn penguin? Bear maybe! Ready to Snuggle! BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 39
284 Pounds of Fireworks!!
i ship niam so hard. they're just so adorable. when they're together its like puppies pooing rainbows & glitter. yea.
recording Performance and Interview tonight on E>N>E:Chicago Rocks. Airs this Wednesday on comcast/rcn/wow
Hi Chris, I'm the staffer (friend of Mario) who met you last night at #ThirstDC. Loved your sea star talk!
Or be with
has a disclaimer at the bottom basically saying not to take "Goals" seriously. I do love Mint . I use it for tracking
if you're at the hotel in #Anaheim take a photo of standard room and upload to You'll be compensated for your effort
I've been breaking down a script all week and my eyes have become crossed. I need a motorcycle ride bad!
#Fistball Lingo: "Luft Set" - When the setter places the ball in front of the attacker so that he can hit the ball directly out of the air.
"You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered." ~Dr. Wayne W. Dyer~
I filed last week. Hope you can vote for me on March 3rd.
I miss you :/
#SuperArtFight care bear Dalek= exterminate bear?
Wishin I could be in Fayetteville supporting the hogs and today, but I'll be callin em loud and proud in Nashville
A modern Lysistrata! I love it!
I feel like if I turn the radio off, they'll play Cher Lloyd. But I'm pretty sure I'm like the only one requesting the song....
That I must prepare my son 2 live in #America differently from a White father shows that we've yet to reconcile post #Slavery &
Just spent an hour working on my TV settings because the HD was muddy looking. Discovered I had it on a non-HD channel. Genius.
Good way to start #raw with Orton
it's ok Colin. The rest of Arizona isnt very cool so maybe that's what u were thinking! Haha
yea that's the finals everyone would want to see.
We would love to. So far we have Germany and Italy in June but would love to play in the UK.
great, great photo!
Analysis: Dissident&#39;s case poses diplomatic test for U.S. and China
Best #broadway autocorrects of 2011 RT : My phone just autocorrected "he's" to "h2s" ....wow.
Finaly the Flyers won a game. do they have any chance of winning the Cup ?
Which, of course, could've been Tebow... if #7 and #18 weren't so sensitive about having him around.
thank you for setting up the great mobile bar experience last night.
well then let's have that conversation Billion times more. :P Fine Then. We are equally the same. How was your birthday? :)
Hopefully, we win the next 2, and it doesn't come to that :)
Over the years as a wife and mother, she felt like she had lost herself and didn't know who she was anymore
Quote of the Day: Live well, laugh often and love with all of your heart!
he told me he was 19 so I asked what year he was born and he replied 89..... lol
A7. Oh sure..next thing you're gonna want to know is 'which child is my favorite..' Sheesh! I love them all. :)
WTF? You're still a casual dining restaurant, yes? RT What’s the most extreme thing you’ve ever done for a rush of adrenaline?
Thank you for your follows! Be sure to visit us !
from Faded knows whats up..... Left Handed high fives all the way around!
Who's voting?! :D:D
I think Hu Jintao just rolled up across the street from my apartment. There's fanfare, flag waving and protesting a plenty. Sirens, too.
I like the Undertones, but the Lizzy has 10 more great albums than the Undertones.
These and similar ways of thinking are wrong
no, I left that out on purpose :3 gonna cry bout it ?!
"You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. I will be found by you," declares the Lord... Jeremiah 29:13-14
#melancholy #studying #thinking not a good mix...
Wait, what? The NBC cancellations have been leaked? Where?
Doesn't mean you're not a permanent perv though.
This won't be the last of it. Don't want to become a human ad, you know? Just periodically dropping it in there. Thanks for RT!
okie :c night
can't wait to see you
FEEL FREE TO VISIT THE FAN PAGE AND LEAVE A COMMENT THANK YOU
i was in like toy soldiers and songs like that. and the music videos... like lolwhut lol
lets me guess.. your a fan?
It's not WHAT you said, but the WAY you said it.
Really not sure why Doan got a penalty on that.
I was the only one in the room who cheered for that touchdown. I guess I'll never get football.
A older guy who's bio said he's a plumber just followed me.... why do old people always follow me?! I block them anyways -___-
Where did I say that it was? Least change != Small change
@ laraalexandra what other sandwiches do they have?
It's official!! We want to welcome & to the Transform Music family!!!!
I love pizza.
I have the most embarrassing family.
The rich are getting richer, but are you.?
Now, one of the necessary elements in working upsuch a sight is latitude
Wiz and Mac coming back!
my opinion we already in trouble so for the hell of it saints should put a bounty on jeremy shockey and see how it feels to snitch
go on your and go to Fresno please.
Great hanging out with other editing nerds!
Sisters gonna be here from vegas in a bit. So excited to see her
Just like that, it appears to be over. Wind has died down. No hail. Just some light rain.
I'm so jealous
It's the last restaurant I want to be in. I absolutely HATE that place.
Just returned from watching marathon runners at mile 18 in
with thee hottest guy ON EARTH .
I'm sorry I wanna be all yours, I'm sorry I wanna love you...
thx!! Did you call about that doggie?
I thought you loved the smell of Napalm in the morning. Are they using Napalm on those fields?
No! Anything but the '' los ramblin rebel rousers get away car de cincinnati. ''
Work and packing up the apartment...it's nasty out so at least I'm doing something that keeps me inside!
my bro man came through with info for me
Put me back together again
Getting ready to go into production for the for the music VIDEO my most inspiring song ever "You Saved Me".
Warren Buffet's secretary will be sitting with the First Lady during tonight State of the Union address. via
My gma asked my kuzzo how his weed brownies taste, & dis nigga said 'the same wit lil leaves' lmaooo
All you pussies who aren't following and seriously need to get with the program
I need water
Playing xbox by you self is boreing...beating the computer is boreing to..xbox live is the bomb..you can play the world..
At this Wed's formal meeting, the Youth Council will vote on a resolution to encourage fed reps to preserve interest rate
Watching UFC145. Let's Go Rashad Evans!!!
Working on forever...
One thing is for certain: there are PLENTY of beautiful women out there. If you're not a kind, good-hearted woman, then you ain't all that!
is awesome
Haha hell yeah. I have a football scrimmage tomorrow :/ but it'll be good too
Occupy Atlanta masked gang descends on Chase on Moreland. Chanting "Stop foreclosing on our homes!!!" Cops show up with a wagon.
following...can you please tweet something fascinating?
“: Had a blast at Congrats to the organizers for a solid event.” Thanks, Dave!
Oh, you might be here for the games next month?? Keep me posted!
Maybe running outside last night wasn't the smartest idea - my sinuses are bugging out! Need some warmer air.
Indians are doing everything they can to give this game away.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. -William Shakespeare
oh yeah had ta get me 1...!
Thanks for the #FF Chris! Can't wait to hear about your next project! You are always doing good things in education innovation!
if they do a third, all networks will.
Watching tear it up in his first solo class
Oh dear, a 30% off deal on #MedievalStudies books from ? My credit card cringes.
I get to see in Atlantic City in 21 hours! I'm not counting down or anything! I really love me some #JamesBlunt!
Hello world?
Thinking about a drink after work? Come by tonight to enjoy some live music by , good company, & a nice cold beer
Can we please talk about Obama's birth certificate some more? It's so interesting.
Brett Favre's last throw in '08 playoff game was INT... Same as Rodgers this year.
Honey Apple Cinnamon Granola is almost gone! Hurry in to get some! Or try some Almond Joy Ice Cream. It's a great day for a sweet treat!
ik! :( I was too busy being "fake" I didn't realize I was loosing the corn
What a passive aggressive punk. Taking pics of something that annoys him for a yr w/o saying a thing & then gets snooty with my wife.
hahaha That's Hilarious! I would soo do that :o
Yum jealous!
The hardest thing to accept is losing your mother or dad, the pain never goes away, I pray that you make things right before they leave Amen
Al sharpton just preached
I feel like I need some new friends - like ones that actually care about me
nice job!
RT : congrats 2 on receiving the Lincoln Gaines Award from U do gr8 work in our community!...
I majored in liberal arts. Will that be for here or to go?
Kbeach radio: Listen on your smartphone! Share us with your friends! Tell them to follow us on twitter and like us on facebook!
My legs hurt. Oh there's a fat cat laying on them.
Sounds great ! is one of our founders, great for you two to meet & speak & some #SocialGood!
me too!
sure. most weeks are open for me. will email you a few times.
I don't care about basketball anymore. My Knicks are out.
jus order the full black puma outfit for christmas and im ordering the orange with the money i get
Back to work after a short respite, felt great. good to be back in form again. Love my job!!!!! :)
ahh that's true. so many girls are dressing up really nice for them though. afterwards, i'm roaming all of tampa to find them.
Image entertainment's pr team is handling screeners! Drop them a line!
nothing suits me like a suit
That is to say gutting contribution LIMITS.
Are you at the Cubs game? Was that foul ball right by you?
Okay, it is time, I can wait no longer! Cocktails? When?
Maker bots are additive technology (as opposed to sculpture that takes away to create an object)
I'm leaving to go around 11-
I'm very proud of my birthplace...Tuskegee Alabama! Its getting represented very well in Hollywood!
word. See what I mean? Her face is jacked.
They'd have to rehaul alot of the last part of the game. Way to go #Bioware you've rustled the fuck out of my jimmies.
i cant be bothered with combing my hair or putting shit in my eyes. thank god for clippers and glasses.
Did everyone get to see it? What did you think?
God, I ran travel for a crappy media outlet in Australia and always flew business! Enjoy it, Never go back!
coming off a youtube binge...3 hrs and tons of meaningless brain numbing videos....
I pretty much need YOU in my life. If anything, I miss our epic conversations. There's a corner in Fremont coffee for us.
will keep my fingers crossed for you too! :)
I'm freakishly becoming a domesticated woman. I went to look at plants on my lunchbreak.
NBA Fines Mavs Guard for 'Wet Willy' The NBA fined Mavericks shooting guard Delonte West $25,000 Wednesday for giving Jazz guard Gordon H
Yay, I'm gonna go eat with my cousin and his baby mama :)
you guys rocked it tonight- merci
Lunch with the bro
Ray Allen: we know who we're dealing with, #76ers know who they're doing with
Anyone else in #Vegas getting multiple calls from Brent Jones? Anyone have HIS number? I'd like to call him back at 3AM...
Wherever my boys and goes , i'm proud of them and love to death bro
BTW Ball Will Slay Hong Kong
Make that "Toasty Torpedo" not "Toasy"
imagine this in our application for voting, tax allocation & legislature database, any citizen, in any language..
Ed Liddy was an incompetent idiot and puppert of Paulson's. I want to extract all of my money from their personal wealth. Lawsuit time
crashed here after the party..
natural rivals
Hey #Chicago what shopping local mean to you?
aww shucks, thanks so much! It's really awesome to see people I've connected with here show up there. :)
Its against our social media policy!
Still no bath?
It's another nasty day out in DC so I have decided to stay in bed all day! Or until the sun comes out!
Im going through all kinds of withdrawls !! i need to see the yobi Fam. im coming Back to MI #CoolRunningsssss Thanks :)
Getting my hair done finally <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
Havent been at K mart in a while
good. I'll come back but nothings happening. I'm not in the mood
Pletcher has won 26 NYRA meet titles and was the leading trainer on the circuit in 2011, 2010, 2004 and 2003.
Now, where's my arpeggiator?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> what do you have to do?
i do it
Very exciting news. We've got a final tweak to the logo and then we're going live on Kickstarter. Stay tuned. Today is the big day!
University of Pennsylvania Law School & Columbia University School of Law (Semi-Finals)
RT Where's outcry frm our Politicians when Amcerican citizens are being brutalized for peacefully protesting?
Do you know my favorite all time movie is the color of friendship???;)
just checked out your bon iver cover. I will email him the link. I subscribed to your YouTube, Facebook and reverb. Awsome!
Rondo...just...my god #enfuego if he could ever get his brain under control he'd be MVP caliber #headcase still top10 tho
or more!
Excited to give recently renovated a try this weekend. Haven't been in ages. Who would like to be my date?
True nobility is in being superior to your previous self.
havn't people gotten beyond this?
Uugh! I did something bad to my toe in a soccer game. So dumb.
Had lunch at Michie Tavern with Marjorie McLellan, who's now on her way to visit Monticello with her friend, Rosalind. Great fried chicken!
Nope! Only three weeks. The April chat was late.
The heat is showing out
Wait wait wait. People are roasting LeBron for setting up Wade for a LAYUP instead of shooting? Get the fuck out of here.
dad took her Wednesday and it took 4 days 4 me to get the pic....grrrr..but glad I could share :)
Yes, MKE beauty. We need the flowers. Crab apple trees in Tosa are beautiful right now, too.
Thank you to Lynne Doyle and all those who made the amazing event on Saturday possible. There is still time to help!! jitfosteryouth.com
CAN I LIKE MARRY HIM? LIKE, RIGHT NOW?
can't wait to jump in the action with Food Truck Wars
Enjoyed polanski's carnage. Great characters and amazing dialogue. Was left wanting for more at the end.
Which player is the cover art for the tourney playlist. Stephen Thompson from 'Cuse?
Hopefully, I won't have to walk or stand in line when I get there! LOL
They say bitches wear that shit so I don't even bother
Pacers up three after one quarter of play. Tyler Hansbrough knocks down two outside jumpers.
Candy Buy Back Nov 1, 4-6 pm...help support our troops!
... artichokes, the gentleman's fruit
:D Woot! Glad I could help? xD
HAPPY 16TH AUSTIN!!!(:
Just got a chance to watch USA Indoors, !!!!! Orale Simon Que Si!!!!
They tell me I have a 176 million-to-one chance in the #MegaMillions tonight. So they're saying I have a chance.
I used to deal with a cluster of those for a customer of ours. Great products.
QoTD: "The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." (Elbert Hubbard)
Especially when I get together with Arrington and Malik and Lacy and other bloggers and we see that we got the same pitch
I'm an editor at and have a question for you. Could you DM or email me when you have a sec?
I'm sure he deserves his punishment. The young are extra just.
I will get latest and try again.
Simply doing household chores and keeping an active lifestyle may lower Alzheimer's risk.
why me .......... sometimes i wonder how my future gonna be in 4 or 6 years im 14 almost 15 and i hate it cant wait to grow up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats man. Always a fan of your work. Your level of dedication is damned impressive. Know you'll keep killing it here on out
The best dinners are when I have to put my hair up & take my bracelets off.
I love you
RT : Mark Shriver is seriously the real deal. So smart, passionate and realistic. It's all about Early Education.
lol yes! Made me laugh! I've read them all like twice lol
take classes or go to workshops? Do new projects and get feedback from people who just broke into the scene?
brews were heavenly. A little bit of vanilla porter, and some live oak hef
I miss nicki minaj being on twitter hope she gets back on:((
okay its time for another taco lbs
there are two Republicans running in Nov., but no real chance against a Democrat in Baltimore.
Apparently 3 drinks + 6 hours of sleep are an awesome substitute for my normal 8. A la an empty spot in the ref room
As usual, you ROCKED on Rachel, Michael! ;)
no problem ;3
My mom was begging for a fb, now she doesn't want one because she likes to be private haha cute
i feel like my hair grows as fast as rick ross' beard
maybe! Moving out of third ward this weekend, so I doubt they will let me in after I'm gone!
Game 7s have to be nerve racking for real
I'm new in town. What's one Portland holiday tradition/place I shouldn't miss this year?
I'm hungry
i decked mine out last week. actually put it together back of car after kickball. haha
I tried posting a review a day ago...I will put one up though. Look forward to reading more of your work...
When you divorce the love of God away from His actions for you all you get is formulas and "how to" speeches.
Who's ready for some and Architecture action? First 3 to respond gets in free +1 for show! (cc: )
"Hangovers are nature's way of grounding you as an adult."
Good morning conference goers! The Jossey-Bass booth (#1112) is now open-- come find us!
go see the invisible hand!
Nah I don't have an NBA team. I just like sports ya know.
Thanks for following and and
nope. Closed on Sunday's. We're M-F 10a-6pm
Love my lifegroup!! It was totally God's doing and I can't wait to see what He will do with everyone!
ill have him call you wen he gets back i think he is cashin check
“: sweet. that would be fun! i saw you earlier today gave you a horn toot.” I saw you!!
Mom: You blame me for everything! (Days earlier...) Mom: Why did you close the shower curtain? Me: I didn't. Mom: WHO ELSE COULD IT BE?!!?
Hehe, might just take your word on it man. I'm kinda excited about it though, lol :D
miss u too come see me
I'm not with the band, I am the band!
Ive never been truly inspired by an artist until stepped onto the stage of . Hes why Im getting back to my music.
same Ol shit
thanks for the mention! Will be sure to post & mention you again tomorrow once the newsletter is out.
ok, I had to check and make sure this was actually you. I laughed so hard I almost sharted myself! Ha!
lol srry I ment to send it to another name
that's my favorite cupcake shop! Enjoy!
Thank you so much for the kind words! :-)
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
Need new texter or some body new to talk to <U+E40E>
How is everyone's night so far? :D
don't be lol
Last night of Live @ the Lakefront Hear reggae band Irie Sol from 5:30-9pm.
stagnant, look horrible tonight
I know all about that "tendency". Trying to break it...but...things like this make it difficult!
Portland woman wrangles wayward ducklings near 10th & Morrison. New on the #KGWNightTeam 11pm
Disappearing Dissent: How Bahrain Buried Its Revolution
You're missing an "and" before "David Beckham," right? RT: David Beckham is very attractive. That's all I have to say.
sometimes i'm overwhelmed with the remarkable level of pure primate behavior considered business as usual in human culture.
If any other manager would have played that line-up and left players like that on the bench they would have had their arse handed to em
I hope they don't win though haha the grizz are my team
I should call work already but I'm busy taking a shit <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I love RJA but their vocalist is so bad live. Like really bad. He can't hit notes at all.
incoming - I thought did already
It's really going to be a good day today....GOD is holding my hand!!!!
Merry Christmas, we r in Oklahoma City with people that matters the most in our life, from ups and downs always there.
in dc and i'm going to mizz jeezy again, i love u jeezy, i think u are the realist....
What will you do better, stronger and faster in 2011?
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes/shout outs/pictures and all that. I swear I have the bestest friends EVER!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
lol u gotta turn the tables some times
Certainly not that he's a moron and only has predicted earthquakes because he predicts hundreds and has a low success rate. Couldn't be that
The Greater University & Fremont Chambers of Commerce helped to put on tonight's event. We love our neighborhood chambers!
you're my gurrllll. Love ya boo.
Many in law enforcement agree. Not every immoral act/idea should be target of civil law. But, weed was huge gateway 4 me!
Welcome, it was a great post!
the hottest guy on the planet! !!....hes the best friend of Austin mahone &hes on youtube
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B-) I cantt waiittt !!!!!! And are you gonna rap in the song??? :-D
#FollowFriday Truly Amazing People->
So nice out I'm going to bed after class
I feel like I juss wanna b single again
Sbk Does have some kind of chip on his shoulder, Fat and smokes to much LOL, U ever met hIm?
All of our Viking small appliances (Stand Mixers, Toasters, Hand Mixers) and their attachments are 30% off!
Just replenished epic cookies at ... there are samples too while they last!
So well-played. Just really nicely done.
I can hear listening to Rihanna over there
sippin' on some coffee and listening to hot chelle rae. rad friday morning routine.
okay im mad
Last day at home before heading to Europe with MB.
we are don't even worry aboit that :)
Amazing! : HTML 5 allows manipulation of 3D graphics in real time, allowing med students to dissect a biodigital human
glad to. Not a romance fan myself, but the panel was interesting, and useful to librarians.
Grizzly fans are reckless
Grow up.
One of my favorites...
Scientists from u of minn and washington u are working on human conectom- to chart brain major connections
#nw best show on earth
thank you!! I'm celebrating with Reese's on the couch with my computer :-)
Writing these couple of songs. Words inside my head flowin .
Nice line Caro! Even though it's from that stroke bag Cassius.
That moment when you see a car you recognize but you're not sure it's the person you know driving it...So sorry
So true! RT : A2 Personal brand is VERY different than employer brand... not a valid brand if reliant on all the parts.
Fennimore pitcher Evan Friesen helps his own cause with a long double to left-center field to lead off Eagles third inning.
I've never sold anything on eBay, but I've bought a ton of shit, how does it work selling stuff !!!!
No, once upon a time, Kerry Wood was Steve Woodard ;)
No one knows enough to be a pessimist ~~Norman Cousins
Have fun! send pictures!
#impactfactor #altmetrics this link doesn't work. I was interested.
hey ladies hope you are all having a good week so far(: today will be the first day I see Blake in weeks!
Let's go to bayshore, dress like we just got done with volleyball practice, and spend money like it's New York.
"Leprechaun food" Tiny Greens Tiny Green People food"
Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs and Broasted Chicken. Double the meat and double the fun.
those were the cutest tiny sneakers! Yay new job.
Another turnover? #Steelers your killing me!
But at least is taller than me. :D
Honduras just scored!
“: i am in a relationship with myself because its the only way ill never get hurt.”
Loving the Timeline on our business page!!
If only!
I'm about to buy my NYC tickets yeah woooooh
Wisnik Career Enterprises' 16th anniversary today! Thanks to all who have made the last 16 years sweet!
I didn't mean to!
With video: Thousands in Michigan strike out on their own with new solo businesses
"The finishes are exquisite, the view is breathtaking no matter the time of day, and the people are wonderful." - Shea and Sameer
I'm going through Darius withdrawl.
Once Luck, Griffin get names called, real fun will begin. I already expect the #Vikings to throw a curveball, #Browns to follow.
Oh, no, you diiin't, Don!
um no it doesn't.
Had a fuckin blast wit chad breezy on the way back to the apartment to change then off to the magic kingdom brah
If Your Phone Vibrates At Home , Yu Barely Hear It, '& If It Vibrates At School Its A Damnn Earth Quakee. Smh.
Special Shout out to the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Celebrating 104 years of service to all mankind! Skee Wee!
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
There's a Yolo county in California. I should move there because #yolo... JK
Hooray! You have great parents. See you soon!
I love what u just said on : don't read book reviews. Is my m.o. Same for movies. Tell me nothing.
When not a tech lawyer I am a real estate lawyer. Get to tromp around 2500 acre ranch today under sunny skies
Wow I am honored to be an inspiration to YOU, who has taught me so much & inspired me in ways u will never know
We're number 23 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for San Francisco, CA. www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret. Thanks for your support!
Oh, if I had THAT cock cumming in my ass, it'd be a Happy New Year!
You know you need to friends when you answer to Bonquiesha Cherise....
lmao hit 30 u will be a grandma then...
romney comes from polygamous family, yet says "Marriage is between ONE man & ONE woman"...Doesn't that mean HIS ancestors were NOT married??
There's also something to be said about arguing with yourself. Alone. At full volume. Shaw volume.
Even if grading papers isn't crazy fun, I realize what a good gig I've got.
Derby Day, Cinco de Mayo, and Karl Marx's birthday, quite the trifecta
Close enough!
RT <3 you too, badass!// can't wait to come home and see you very soon :)
why is neeecie leett letting me have it telling me how I need to quit being a bitch and I'm almost drink drunk like a dragon
It's Special Format Friday! Tonight's 10pm format: Red Rover! All the joy (and pain) of the classic schoolyard game, now improvised.
ok...now I get it. I must post something in order to be found...duh
GAME ON!! 10K Followers x 10 $100 Gift Cards
its great bro, there's an app for everything! How are you liking yours?
Bah! Don't like Jello?! :P You're speaking to a gooey dragon! My feelings are hurt! XD *noses*
Save the Cow and the Chicken eat more Hot Steamed Crabs!
James up the middle for TD! U of O up 21-16 with 1:19 left in the half
I've never heard anyone but you say that. And when JB throws himself w/ no chance of getting a shot off hes not very skilled
pardon me, that's Dolly Pardon.
they bout to get off in that ass! Welcome to gladiator school pussy!
Hope everyone has a great Easter!
Ranking the 50 Best NFL Head Coaches of All Time - Bleacher Report
BTW I can never DM you back coz you don't follow me in the Twittersphere
this could be the first trumpet; might as well be the last
i meant on my ass not past sorry Im watching dancing with the stars.lol
The AN can kiss my ass!
Goodbye family law. You've been a thorn in my side all semester, I'm glad to see you go.
So we go to Vegas and what do we see?! bullying ninjas on hove-arounds yo! Lol
There are three sides to any argument: your side, my side and the right side.
Thank you for the RT! Are you a teacher and/or an entrepreneur?
I totally agree :)
Ill-conceived summer treat of the day: pineapple sorbet and, well... gin.
#?? Pearl Izumi Women's Inrcool Ella Short | Women's Cycling ...
Getting more and more followers on G+ and Quora. Does that mean people are actually using those networks?
Just another reminder: the official twitter page for #AnnieAutomatic is !! LoveLoveLove
INFO SESSION TONIGHT @ Beth Am Cong. 2501 Eutaw Place, 21217. We begin promptly at 6:30! Just bring yourself and a pen! All are welcome!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms!
The greatest motivational act one person can do for another is to listen.
hope so haha:)
Just because you put syrup on somethin' don't make it pancakes
1-1 last night... tonight I have Miami & San Antonio... the Lakers got mopped last night but OKC fans do not get excited yet...
I can try lol.
Imagine if we could do something similar for the cause of the 99%
My next phone is going to be the iPhone 4, just saying! :D
3:00am: Time to do work!
New ideas for #eyeworks: hoarders, my strange addiction, intervention, housewives of Amsterdam, biggest loser, plus-size brides
congrats on your recent accolades, keep up the good work brother
Just seen this all red house.
I keep up Data Capture Systems Graphics knows how 2 use a bike message had to do it to learn my product #pagercodes EZ View
I have friends who can hack way better then you, and those are my intentions. TO GET THEM ALL INVOLVED! See you in hell ;)
I like that tweet, I always picture my characters frozen in time until I get back to them.
Moments when everything aggravates the hell outta YOU!
so George W Bush in no way supported the agenda George HW Bush who in no way supported agenda of Prescott Bush?
Senate just passed the controversial abortion regulation bill 32-18. Now it goes to Gov. Corbett's desk for signature.
Yeah for elementary teachers!
Happy Birthday to Rep Dwight Bullard
RT : ... given that trend, it will ultimately be unsuitable for enterprise storage or even a server side cache...
Working on components for 2 Superbowl campaigns, I am probably going to end up sleeping through the big game.
"Loved" by few. "Hated" by many. "Untouchable" by all.
i know! I'm mad they made me aware of how dirty they are, and I can't get it til August!
When you think you're not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist.
having a 'this cheese is awful' moment after making three droid bases out of round cake pans
You're just saying that to make me feel better.
It's the best!
what the hell you doing out there!?!!
Fair play .. entertaining stuff
do you think youklis will ever forgive Bobby V
Checkout my music at soundcloud.com/MW
So cold and gloomy today, let's just all stay in and root for the #packers to keep the winning streak
Great job -- the new homepage looks resplendent (to borrow a phrase from Taylor)
Antiphanes~ Poverty is the schoolmaster of character.
Ray Wylie Hubbard doing Eliza Gilkyson's "Beauty Way." "Wish I was lying like a cat in the sun/'Stead of working like a dog for the cash"
RT : Starting a great SWISTER weekend at the Great Dane!
you too! Miss you already!!!
What's omnivore Michael Pollan eats is good enough for me: "I couldn't do without olive oil (Katz) & salt (Maldon, Diamond Kosher)"
Join us Friday for '80s Night, as we celebrate like it's 1989!
Ex wanna work it out BITCH TRY YOGA
UNITED meaning pull together, shared, collaborative, link, join. In the mist of being UNITED there is INCLUSION. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Change of Playlist Plans for the PM. It's all #Tohoshinki, bb.
Yep my kid is playin baseball.
I haven't been to the movies in a while who wants to take me to see snow white it comes out june 1st
At Steak N' Shake
I would really like to be able to breathe out of my nose again :(
IS IN FLORIDA?! HOLY TGRNBTRJKBNTRKLBNTRJLBNRLN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M FREAKIN OUT HERE! OHMYGOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
--> RT ": RIP Vidal Sassoon. Hair today. Gone tomorrow."
I'm going!
oomf really needs to slow down typing his tweets. like I don't want to be rude but it's ridiculous now. what are you trying to say!
Looking for some new dubstep recos, share 'em if you got 'em...
Agree completely. Ran into him around town a couple of times, always pleasant.
I've being trying to figure out all night what this meant, finally got it! Dying is at the end of studying, I'm blonde!;)<3
The team at its worst needs to start doing well enough to keep things alive for the team at its best when it gets here.
At Kung Fu Saloon with the Young Women's Alliance!
Wish he wasn't from Maryland RT : You piece of shit Teixeira.
I spend $350 a week on average. Is that low or high?
omg did I really just do that?!
At the ball game. love that my wife called it a full house rather than a full count.
I want to put a ding in the universe. Steve Jobs
Very cool that I can say I have marched with, taught or taught with, 19 of 32 members of #PrideofCincinnati12 I hope that made sense.
hell yeeeee bo c:
thanks for the info
BANG BANG
Sun's out in Seattle!
yes it does I am slowly learning how to TWEET! and more by just doing it even if I stumble and make mistakes!
I used that subject line in my email
Wonderful #wordsofwisdom! RT: never miss an opportunity just because you might be tired the next day.
Did they say they're singing Paradise by the Dashboard Light on Glee?
Maybe with the blow to the head, he will be able to say 3 French Hens where you can understand it.
also, if I have to DD after 10PM, I'm within my rights to leave without him
wanted to update you on what's going on with the Global Success Club.. '90 Days To $100K/Yr" program! www.globalsuccessclubusa.com
lol! That's so awesome.
Rt for a confession?
Really nice post, and very nice profile. :).
nosy. :-) what else is there
I'm hanging on for dear life this last week of school -.-
Whats some of the hottest songs out right now
RT About to enjoy two days off in a row? A humble reminder that workers had to *fight* for a 40 hour work week.
Can't Sleep ^.^
Hello our house made Guac RT : What's cooking today? *Our way of saying Hello* , ,
Right now, I am enjoying a perfect cup of coffee from McDonalds! Who knew? But, they got it right ~ medium w/ 2 creams added!
even tho ur sitting by me don't forget to follow me back biiiaaaaaaa
cant be put into words. Lasting memory of this visit is the video interviews at end of survivors
maybe you should do your homework and practice your spelling :)
#GirlWhyYou got me thinking heavy?
so there's this guy i like him he used to like me.... but he doesn't talk to me anymore... and idk what to do... :/
Follow me, I follow you :)
What a proud day for you. Congrats!
Being able to get a tan on while in my room >>>
Stay away from Mexico. RT: : BREAKING: Mexican officials report dozens of bodies dumped on highway near Monterrey. -EF
LOL!! I want to see the pre-showing of it before it hits Lifetime or would it be on Oxygen? :)
. Could you repeat that please?
Yes! I can do flash designs... send me an email and let me know your site specfics.
Yeah. Just made the one post so far. Need to break out the camera and take some pics.
today I conquered my fear info holding my breath for 30 seconds in 15 degree celsius water
Happy Hump Day! is at the Castle this morning for some awesome training with our associates.
gonna be that guy and play one of your jams while you're in the room
Part work. Part mini-vaca. I'll actually be in Boulder.
Dear Mr Vending Machine man. Thanks so much for allowing me to be entertained as I watch folks try to figure out the touchscreen dispenser.
My weekends start on thursday tho
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week!
join the family of The Big Blue Nation and you'll be playing in front of 24,000 diehard UK fans every game.
The first section of today's podcast is a bit of a rambly mess, I think. It was 5am and I barely remember doing it. Not editing a thing.
Ordered Fuel tonight. So much more MMA for me.
I get when I drop a beer and open it anyway
I just walked n on 2 birds havin sex in Gibralter lol they was sqaukin like crazy lmao
That's the problem with getting attached to someone...when they leave, you just feel lost.
you know it! More hookups to come ;)
Sometimes wht the person says is the caption for the pic is the only funny part of the pic
Sandwich Emporium is open Friday and Saturday nights till 10:00.
THEY JUST SHOWED YOUR POSTER!!!!
Please sleep. Please sleep. Please sleep. Wait, the clowns will eat me.
I am seeking to be elected the Central Region pres at the May4-6 #LPC (O) AGM.
We need some bands who are interested in a cool concept...Anyone interested?
I want to drive a pontiac solstice. It is BEAUTIFUL and apollo would look funny in it. haha
I mean the one with grapes, and barrels, and time. I assume both have had alcohol involved at some point.
Thanks so much! Yeah my lungs were "way to go man, thanks for wanting to live a long life" and I was all "No prob bro:)"
Cure for Yeast Infection System. This system
Successfully broke my dads car. I shouldn't be allowed near vehicles.
CUASLIS: ReTweet is now OFFICIALLY working for CUASLIS. FYI: For anyone CUASLIS is following, simply add #cuaslis for an easy retweet.
I just wanna feel like i'm ACTUALLY cared for...
A-Fraud chokes again! Love it! Hey Spike Lee and Jay Z, how ya like those apples! Hey Yankees fans, enjoy your winter!
Happy birthday S/O to my stepson T-Money!! He turns 10 today!!
"Chow" mein - Hold the Orange Chicken.
#Urinary #infections: Prevent it using an extract of #Cranberry, 500 mg, only if you are not taking medication for blood thinning.
All the rickshaws are out for the night! Where can we take you??
media thongs! RT : Office is across the street from NASDAQ HQ and the throngs of media outside are insane. All for Facebook.
hahaha oh my god my dad is hilarious (x
THE LONG NATIONAL NIGHTMARE IS OVER. I HAVE FOUND MY OLYMPUS BATTERY CHARGER.
Thank you for the #FF my friend!
congrats to Los Angeles Kings..on the Con Finals (and I believe) the Cup..glad to see it as long as CHI is out ;)
...and thats the way it goes....i suppose...
I think I wanna learn how to screenprint.
NW Cherry Chocolate Shakes are back!
Before you buy a car, get ballpark estimates on insurance costs. It can majorly change the $. Let us know if you need help.
and are all in #CorvallisOR right now for #CarelessWorldTour at Benton Co Fairgrounds
Need new music? Cooper Points album is out on Itunes. :) get it? Eh, eh?(:
Somethings I just can't take
#Shoutout to for letting his friends on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn know about #YoungeHollywoodBlast!
one of the best base runners i've ever seen. man, we had a million of 'em back in the day.
You are so right!
follow back
2 more days in counting till I get it in......
Chillin' at school--Spanish class(: I can't believe the school year is almost done! Only 15 more days!(:
P.S. I was upset! Thx 2 my arthritis, I mistakenly rec'd my AARP card only weeks before :)
I wanna go.
of course!
So excited for the second year! Just registered for Great Milwaukee Race on
ha sounded like a better idea last night. Drunk tweeting is the drunk dial of the future
Every time I finish an HTML project I feel absurdly proud, like I just climbed Mount Internet.
Luxury Car Program @ Yoli! Awesome! Choose your own car, seriously?
7 "If you do well, will you not be divinely authorized?
- yea? So your avi .... Who do you model for? Lmao.
i want my own fairytale
We are located in the heart of the historic #BackBay, right next to the Arlington T stop, #BostonCommon & #NewburyStreet!
#ThatEx who inbox hella chicks on facebook
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Hey dude. Haven't talked to you in a while! Haha!!!
happy born this day :)
Are u on the good list or the bad list this year ?
Yes! I met Ann; very excellent person who spoke extremely well of you. Next time I'm in NYC would love to meet up.
My new productivity strategy centers around only checking email twice a day. First day. Already failed. Ok, three times a day.
It's like a party where you dress all fancy and wear these like fancy weird masks and dance like ballroom hahaha! :D
RT If you like to dance and like house music... well then stop down tonight.. should be an interesting evening
glad to see you in RN74, Madeline and I really appreciate your help w/the SEOmoz Pro account, thank you so much, too generous!
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
Haha, wowzers! It's odd having people recognize me. But thank you! I was trying my best! Alex sings a little too high for me
dusting out the inside of my computer makes me sneeze
do you have any extra passes for Mirror Mirror, American Reunion, or something else for this weekend?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER!
las vegas get down to secret gentlemens club tonight. come get a dance and get drunk. ill be there from 6pm-??? xoxo
Opera 12 Beta Now Available With 64-bit Support for Windows and ...
haha true, sooner the better. From here im honestly not worried about making it, but would like to be playing good ball.
A fifth season of 'Arrested Development'
stressful week starts from tomorrow!
Actually, I switched to Cheez-its.
Bitches Is Just Mad Because Im Beautiful . But Im Still Doing Me & Im In This World To Win It & Im Not Going No Where . GoodNight Bitcghes .
what is your specialty?
T-Attack Is a Proper Track !
Is any one else really bad at coming up with some titles? Gah we suck at it!
very true.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his woman the same as he wants her to treat him <33 don't do something you dont want done to you!
I love you..
I'm related to Kurt Cobain (Lead singer in Nirvana) Well... Was, he's dead now =P And no, I'm not kidding lol.
Unlike every freaking guy I ain't tryna get with every girl!!!-__-
Lots of people at DCPL's homeowner toolbox. Come down and ask your questions - 1500 Harvard St NW
Where u at bro?
We second that!!
Cherishing the fact that I have an awesome mom who knows the exact right thing to make me feel better during a challenging time.
Yes, I love him.
definitely. Taking the trains now that I'm back in NYC. It feels good to not be stuck in an immobile vehicle
Always a pleasure working with
Hope is able to balance public engagement with the kind of significant editorial vision of previous board. I'll be reading!
Thumbs up #Madonna, you just shat all over the #blackeyedpeas!! Definitely a stayer in the industry!!
beautiful salon
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose & why?? LUV YA :)))))))))
Really want to see James Blood Ulmer this weekend at Jazz Standard. Thanks to Vernon Reid for the Memphis Blood sessions!
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious, but what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
no problem. Keep up the great work.
the animal! Lol
Good morning! We are wondering how many moms are now using Pinterest? Any fun loving boards to share? Thanks! ^^mac
Happy Thanksgiving!! So thankful for everyone in my life, but I'd be even more thankful for a win
“: #CELTICS should of subbed me in...... I would of mad it from half court” lol
Hope every one have a safe and fun week end, enjoy. And thank a Vet.
setting up new imac home...which apps am i forgetting?
Follow back & will send a DM. :-)
hater. “: Lol, i'm happy that the cowboys lostt.”
Whooppsss. :] haha good to see you again! Im sure i will run into you again soon!
Please follow !
I know it's tough nowadays with closers and their contract clauses, but the best pitcher RH or LH should pitch when needed
You will not solve problem with mobility. Only way is to restrict car use. Easiest is to restrict parking.
// thanks guys. Needed encouragement today! Hoping God is pleased and our generation believes. (did I just make a poem?)
Just go indie. No one really needs a big record label anymore.
We weren't going to make Johnny sit at home and do nothing after we had already planned to take him somewhere.
Here we go!
hey there hot stuff
thanks for the follow, welcome!
OMG homecoming was live!!
Shut up aint nobody yryna be like you lol
Saturday Night Studder... is goo- is goo- goo- is really goo.... really good. (i'm proud)
i mean
I can seriously fall asleep at the drop of a hat lately.... Scary when driving!
Oh, Twitter, I'm here! Now... To unpack forever...
So hard to explain the concept of Twilight to Marcos . He doesn't even know what it is ...
Watched New Years Eve<3 it was adorable(:
Stability in life is not circumstantial, but a state of being that allows our perspective and way of relating to create an inner stability.
bro JPs class was insane!
Rude ass teacher!!
i used to not give a fuck about anything but now im #motivated to make a
Vote for Project Tomorrow for Cox Cares Nonprofit of the Year! www.cox-cares.org/grants/finalists
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 15
Freezing from the game! Need hot chocolate now! <U+2615>
You live in California?? I'm jealous.
So much work, I have no idea where to begin!
but that's the same sugar that's in an apple or any other fruit or vegetable basically.
Pierce drops a #Tebow? People are still doing that?
my 14yr old sis and 13yr old cousin dont like talking in front of me cause apparently Im "too old" to understand what theyre talking about.
T-minus 1:45 until #hockey game :)
So good. So glad.
We hope everyone is having a safe and happy 4th of July. Hoorah, to those serving our Nation overseas.
"It's difficult when every person place and thing is keeping me from her."
I watched it on a bus! Definitely felt a bit awkward.
Nothing reminds me what a klutz I am like clumsily fumbling around the new interface.
There's not enough Chicano hip hop artist whose name doesn't start with lil or ese. The game needs a rapper that can turn it up.
Just watched Bad Girls Club: Las Vegas. Maybe we should rethink the 19th Amendment.
Txt Me
I've been on a good streak of no road rage until tonight. FUCK.
Just got done watching a clip form bbw and know im glad it's coming to the light that royce is the problem cant play both sides choose on
just commented on your post. i love it and am SO proud of you :)
retweeting is also a great way to show you are engaged!
The more people pursing education the better off the community why is monetary value trumping cultivation of humanity; detriment to future
umm yeah, i'm like done...
WOW!!! Nice! Dies Aaron engineer or do any of the "hands on" work?
No you dont, you just assuming
hey, thanks for following me. Lol
your responce has nothing to do with what I just said but ok man
RT : Quote of the Day: “Don't get it right, just get it written." James Thurber
cant wait(:
Trying to figure out what I want to do for our 18th wedding anniversary this year. I'm thinking Jamaica or Cozumel or Cayman Islands!
na bra walkers power animal is a koala, and koalas and kangaroos are like the cheech and chong of the animal kingdom
I love my relationship with my bed...no commitment..we just sleep together every night.
Coastal Bend transportation officials, law enforcement gear up for new laws
Me to.. Lol
Serious Competition: Verizon gets iPhone. then gets T-Mobile. So why does Sprint go to Congress?
anyone else about to watch our friends on Jay Leno in a few?
Just love having the same "bedtime" as a toddler for having 1 d on my report card... -.-
This picture was taken 5 months ago :-)
Enjoying a delicious pumpkin spice latte with Angela on an amazingly warm fall afternoon.
If you see me on the borough bus, the panel I'm carrying is from the Bruce Haldeman collection. "Winter Carnival" mini-exhibit expands!
lol well not this time lol
I don't know this song and can't see the words.. ACK!
Headed to Chicago Monday -- anyone have free Cubs tickets they want to dump for Monday night?
Klout - we've all got it (including a score)
Hitting the shed.
Wait a minute...you're not a man too right? -_- RT : lol im aware. guess i wont text first either! good idea :p
I'm always tired.
Hoping they do a local club date. I'll feel so old and depressed!
Geeze so much drama tonight!! I can only imagine....
I'll try it again! Thanks for all your help! :) I'm excited about Genkibowl!
i serisoly think i just talked eith u but disconnected ;0
For the love of money baby
I have Geometry for last period today ~.~
Ugh let me have Lea's voice
Well said ! RT : Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
I may be English but proud to support home nations abroad so #come on Wales
My pulse at the moment : ____________
Every night we look up to the stars and make the same old wish as the cars pass us by.
i want to go to FCW to.
There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing. - Lorraine Hansberry
How is this story of the filthy rich old woman who paid $390k for Union Rags a fairy tale?
#youwerecooluntil i gave you both of my helping hands and you chopped both of them off.
RT RT : As a #Sagittarius you are excellent at promoting anything. You have incredible intuition.
Especially amazing considering I've been a perennial sports Scrooge for over 3 decades.
yes, it's okay to drink mimosas at night while watching Supernatural and dyeing your hair. or whenever.
Yesterday I missed a rainbow. Today it was a stealth bomber. I need to leave work earlier.
You know when your sleeping and its all dark, and you look at your phone and the light hurts your eyes >.<
Wish I knew more about 'archive'. But it surely holds many abandoned websites, midi files & all, that could help you.
Thanks for RT'ing our Bonnie Springs deal! For that, you win a two pack to Bonnie Screams! We'll DM you the info!
“: BYX SHIRTS ARE IN!!!! Come find me and Robby in the SUB If you want to buy one today!" WHAT HE SAID!!
Make it Wednesday or Thursday and I'm in :D Karaoke?
Give me your love... pls
Made Monster Cookies with the little man. Yummiest combo ever of choc chips, m&m's, peanut butter and oatmeal...m...delish!
SHOUT OUT TO >
speaking in tongues is spiritual. When you understand spirituality in full then you will know that tongues aren't stupid
Steve Jobs is living in that fucking phone
is now live in the finals. On
Oh cool! Do keep me posted, that sounds awesome!
Michael Jordan scored 38 points...with the stomach flu. If that's not inspiration enough for a Chicago kid....
Online.... It's custom made...
Quote of the Day: "The unfortunate need people who will be kind to them; the prosperous need people to be kind to." -- Aristotle
A dear customer's dog missing near 38th & Kessler; border collie named Clay; ~40lbs; very shy! Call if found; chip
Soccer-dad mode activate!
This just in: NBC will be ending all three of its good shows.
Left the dentist. Nitrous is like flying with a swarm of locusts in your head. Not bad, but not terribly good either.
omgosh, you're like...famous?
Both. It was essentially an internal Facebook. built it.
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
The Skywalk at Shiodome in Tokyo is awesome! - futuristic - what the Highline wants to be
He ignores you, but you like him. He does nothing, but you fall for him. You miss him, even though you know he will never care.”
Pandora has done no wrong for four hours. Amazing. And wonderful.
Hello to everyone attending the NINES summer institute today at UVa, funded via the ODH IATDH grant program.
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everyone!
Chuck Brown, the creator of Go-Go music, passed away yesterday in DC.
Life is too short to take yourself too seriously! It's so time for a break from my computer right now.
Looks great! RT : Please check out our updated Twitter Page
Public school art teacher addresses her context: needs structure for wkg with science teacher. *How* to do it?
Thanks for the #ff mention Cheers to you from the band and
OMG YES!!!!! I waz lik kissing my TV nd rewinding it ^~<3
The Voice of my People
hello bradley X]
RT : everyone can't be like u and never sleep// But i do sleep tho!
hahaha how rude!! ;)
is looking for a photographer for photo shoots and shows. We need high resolution pics. Send us your info. thanks.
GET OFF THE BENCH & GET N THE GAME U CAN"T WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !! WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ......
If I don't follow you back on instagram let a bitch know
Reason #4 to be there on June 16 for our 4th annual benefit art auction and party: ask someone who's been to one before.
Facebook is the adult way of having imaginary friends.
happy new year!
RT dope shiit man how long u been rappin for
Yeah pretty much. I didn't cook it. But it was ground. It seemed kind of like ground turkey. I did eat it smoked/not good.
Obtain knowledge for God purpose....
I'm busting out this English project that's due tomorrow
thanks for my first @ mention (new to twitter and very exciting!)
doing laundry *laughs* do u have a bf?
As long as I'm a little scruffy
The Pauly D Project!!
Will check it out. Thanks! Too bad no tweeps in room to share that with!
Wow fuck the wind blowing my bag off the roof and weed flying everywhere.
happy two months. Here's to many more #cheers <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
A spouse is someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single
My pleasure!
Can you teach my BF that? RT : Teaching GF importance of FIFO and cleaning as you go with cooking
Lost in the OC!
wishing some #bubbletea love will come my way during finals week
Super Offer from Sonic #Baltimore Buy one 12" Sonic Coney, get one FREE. Also 2day balloon artist, Mr. Limeade, several T-Shirt giveaways.
Barry Lutz here w/ the Barry Lutz show! Bring The State back!!!!
#RonPaul is a smart man but he needs a wardrobe consultant. He looks like #BelaLugosi tonight.
How many #SuperBowls will #Rodgers win n his career!? I think 5 if he keeps it up!! Wat do yall think!? #GreenNyellow!
HAPPY HUMP DAY TWEETY PIES!
link me to the actress in new york.
no prob, just saw you tweetin' so thought I'd ask
Thanks! I just got some of my favorite Vapour product!
RT : Dear #MNleg, hundreds of #Vikings fans are at the Capitol today to see the stadium vote! Now we're in the house...
Girl girl girl, the rosemary powder will change your life.
I spy with my little eye...something you could miss if you're not looking closely. Playful details abound in our Maximo Gonzalez show....
Trucks are rolling now off to new business models!!
Thanks for the RT! Let's show those eles some love!
Nothing brings down walls as surely as acceptance
I ordered my new phone yesterday. I'm ready for it to be here now.
need to have a hot fudge cake everyday. smh
thanks so much for your RT today!
Get in the car and drive.....
Join Co- Author of "Success On God's Terms" in Atlanta this week "#Take Back Your Life Tour" do not miss this life changing event!
Veto CISPA, the privacy killing bill!
The Playbook of Eli
thank you booboo:)
hahaha That is worthy of a retweet... literally laughed out loud.. I can just picture you saying it
Game day baby!!!!
On these raw papers fa tha frist time they kool kool did the job
I want Starbucks. Seriously, someone bring me some. I'll pay you.
Enough fretting over finishing things. Away to dinner with a friend & then the This American Life simulcast!!
I AM NOT 16. I AM NOT 15. i am 12. get goin perv, and god bless.!
RT : RT : Al Johnson from the famous "goats on the roof" Swedish restaurant in Door County passed away. RIP.
I'm a creature of habit, so it's just really annoying. I'm already sounding like my Dad! Shit.
yupp, so you say NO.. loll
Agree MT : The best education companies are founded by passionate educators. #simpletruths -Jonathan Gr…
Really diggin' ! If you want some inspiration to brighten up your day you must follow!
He can't stay healthy? Yes, let's base that off one season. In 3 years if that's the case, we can talk.
i shall check in time to feed the very hungry german sheps im actually late by two hours poor doggies last thing i want sheps with attitude
Lmao, yo that lady went in her pocket quick to take a pic of CP3.
been in the city since 9am gonna have dinner with a friend later
Looking for new talent! hit up my management at (818) 661-8712
Thanks for meeting this morning Starting to read your book "Brainfluence", intriguing.
Holy Lord I just stinkin LOVE your tweets (: your such a sweetie and cutie. Have a blessed dayy (:
Me:*texted my friends* "hey guys i lost my phone. Can you call it for me? Phone: *ring...ring...ring..." no comment...
hey your popular right? please can you mension me to get more followers!? xx lol xx
Take it to the head
Watching Kevin Hart Seriously Funny
Another bingo spot filled.
<U+21A9> needs someone 2text
THIS THURSDAY there will be a discussion of the movie, Clueless, in McElroy 141 at noon led by Prof. Judith Wilt. Pizza will be served!!
I saw the truck on campus. The oven is fired up and they're prepping some pies for my #MKTG118 class tonight.
Thank you for the love Sophie
It's Wednesday!
Excited about upcoming
one directioner. <3 follow me if you're one too! (:
Just got off work... 'Bout to lay down for a few hours then go see my favorite 6 year old... My Pipster
This is so dumb, no one even went too reconcile, you give us the option, we ain't going!!.
I just called it 'the most profound tweet ever': "The Iraq war is over" - President Obama. Your thoughts?
I miss Betty...
Short Sales are hoppin today.!!!! Thank you Jesus!! Thank you Bank of America!!
U dnt grind you dnt shine you dont work you dont eat!
good call! Enjoy!
I'm Retired From The Fitted Game, all I do is Tweet Now......... is dead, Its the New So what is Twitter?
you're doing an amazing job
What a wonderful day!
just tweeted me today. What tricks are up his sleeve. Spidey senses tingling...
All you girls who like him so much - you have no idea who he really is
If you don't see me know I'm somewhere working hard- Young Noble
Hey , Think the debacle will turn into #Komen, round 2? Hoping yes, so they can clean house!
Banana Hair Smoothie Masque, gonna try it today.
Hey, the shoe fits and you wear it very well. Me? Yes, I'm a proud conservative & I will always look to protect my nation.
We agree! RT : I love your store. Always so many creative, inventive items!
i have be wakein up to love
I randomly met 2 dudes with engineering doctorates that work in airline safety. Cell phones aren't dangerous on flights
Look forward to hearing updates down the track. Please keep me postd. Good to be back in touch!
A lot of people seeking new beginnings have never finished with the past
Purple people eaters kidnapped me
LOVE< LOVE< LOVE it! I have someone you might find really interesting. Can I email you??
Hate when I wake up thinking it's a saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
um live healthy? “ Having sex three times a week for one year = Running 75 miles.”
Right back atcha, darlin! Just read your relocation blog post -LOVE!! I want to see you keep your blog up! We'll def KIT! :D
Yes in about 12 hours I have written a full journal length article.
this song reminds me when that women sang to justin on ellen on his birthday
I kind of want to see The Darkness when they come to in two weeks. Anyone else down?
Family Day at Chrissy Field! Enjoy a beautiful day with a walk and some fresh air with or family & friends.
ppl commenting on DeadWeather-CHILL. If it was that whack, write yr own rev and get a major media outlet to publish it
We're delighted to announce that we were voted #1 in our market for 's Best of #Weddings 2012! Thank you #SanAntonio!
Target after t ball was a big mistake. Dumb ppl must wake up later
This is movie watching weather
Well that kind of snuck up on me. Turning a page into a new decade in 34 days
Just asking: How did the phrase "bleeding heart" become a pejorative phrase for the "Christian" right?
Day 2: Teaching /Columbia U Music Improv week! 18 students in my ensemble w/ strings, horns, guitars, drums, vibes, voice!
So thrilled you liked the new location!
burned 250 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
Leave the bitches for the bitches we countin riches and catchin fishes girls doin the dishes Stoner missions
nah, I was born in Chicago, and raised in North Carolina
Show up with them stacks, lay them racks on my rack.
love sharing opportunities to those willing to execute.
2 points for puffy clouds!
Can you take ownership of a property without having them recorded with your local assessor? True or False. Answer in a few hours.
Support your local bookstores and request COLLABORATE OR PERISH! today!
re: klout match up, reminds me of hot or not...so that is how i will play.
RT : margherita pie and sierra nevada torpedo pint
Goin to sleep before I kill someone
giving my dog a bath is the biggest struggle
making a last chance effort to get to come to cuse.
psh. Ha see ya next year girl scout
That would be fun! Let's do it -- you want to ask Adam or should I? Or Both?
There's a rowdy pre-party going on here before A Prairie Home Companion. Currently playing beer pong with some ophthalmologists.
right here love what happened ?
Thank you! Definitely overly-exciting, but I can't wait!
Training till you almost puke, thats going HARD!
Learning twitter.
Rather than teaching SoMe for med school, it's more important to personally exp SoMe to realize how/why its useful
#QuoteDay 2. I've been ina rut back & forth enough heart like a wheel without you around so uncomfortable is how it feels -miley cyrus e
Goodmorning twitter world
How do I optimize the space in my walk-in closet? | Rubbermaid ...
Yess! We've been looking forward to it all week!!! “: see you tonight!!! #PARTY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>”
hahaha so good !
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of One Direction, then you become a Directioner. :) xx
Oh, it's been way too long since I read those (in translation)
Batman or Superman or Spiderman?
Just woke up in Miami...music day!
I am helping men and women join the Skinny Body Challenge: Want to Lose Weight and Get Paid. Get Checks weekly. Enroll 3 people and you...
thank you
Girl, you look so uncomfortable, it almost make me wanna cry for you.
Of all the times I want to be alone, now isn't one of them. Needing a big hug :(
She was talking spanish to me. That shit was too sexy
hey young homie whatcha trippin on? Said, life's to short gotta live it long.
450+ submissions for Crimson's "Megahertz" music vid. Time to make calls to choose ppl. 60ppl will be chosen for the video. I love this part
PLEASE WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY I TURNED 17 <3 u
A big thanks to Jackie and all who made it out for the trunk show this past weekend!!
hes not that cute anymore lil
Bitches wanna start already and it ain't even 7:00 o clock yet -.-
haha have fun! don't make eye contact
I'm student of the month :D and I'm getting rewarded for it. Yayyy!
I love what I see !! Keep it up!
i really gotta get these scarlett johansson nudes off my phone
You guys just have no idea what we have in store for you :)
no I won't. but thanks anyways hunnnnn ;)
So, now that David Robinson joined Twitter, do you reckon the Dream is gonna join just to block him?
Don't lie about who you are to get him to like you because chances are he will hate you, if he ever finds out the truth.
Good morning everyone. Seems like a beautiful day today. I pray it doesn't rain n if it does then not to much. Cleanin house then relaxin
bomb even bring when u high lol
Oh good, I kept checking my tweets so I would be the first to hear!
Attempting to stage a "fight" with an accordion is hard.
37 degrees?!?! Glad I'm watching on tv
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone!!!! Love you<3
congratulations. you ruined my day.
When software eats everything and every company is a software company, strategy follows data.
has the worst costumer service I have dealt with in a long time... Thanks for making me stranded
And Mary Mary Mary Magadalena - our lust for men, lots of them, is one of the things I can relate to, my sweet Mary (cast the lust demons)
MT : Europe's rejection of austerity in favor of stimulus policies shd be viewed as a positive for world economy. Reject austerity.
I feel like I'm gonna be sick.
haha it was great. She's like an insane competitor. Tiago is a very complex man...idk
Is it black girl lost or shortie owe you for ice ?
The journey is about strengthening communities in Mozambique after civil war, droughts, floods, and the continuing HIV/AIDS crisis.
McDowell: Baker was turned over for head of SCLC "I was female, old, didn't have a PhD" but she sought no public fame. She worked with Doers
only 17 points... no biggie lol.... still 2 and something quarters to watch :) #GoPackers!!
Is it even really about "helping" ? Or is it about "working/partnering with" the public in our work?
good morning all - choose to have a wonderful day ! -time for a Starbucks- get the juices flowing-
Joey V. Timmy G. 11 hour drive myrtle beach to ocean city
You are such a two-faced, conniving, manipulative, little bitch. I can't wait till you fall on your damn face.
Track meet this saturday at UW-Platteville
Lets see what the organization decides!
Really dont want to go to school today...
I want more followers, what do i have to do ? Someone talk to me LOL.
hey call me u stopped txting outta the blu :/
and also, everyone is privy to your love for The Titanic soundtrack
Woke up this morning completely disoriented. Snow, rain, slush ... thought it was December and I dreamt the past 3 months.
No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everyone on the couch.
Sure. Not much of a hardware hacker though. What sort of tablet?
googling "is my mouth supposed to hurt like this" yields far more results than I'm comfortable with
Can't tell if I understand you. For me, spin is tiring but doesn't cross a line. OTOH, can think of some who seem to take [+]
": Happy Mothers Day to my mom and my bestfriend's mom who's like a second mom to me :) #hotbestfriends" tell momma
oh! So glad you reminded me! Revenge it is!!
She is lying!!!
De'riyah juss gave me a big ole kiss on the cheek then she pulled my hair nd she tlking shit
GM! RT : GM to the #HIH crew and MelMaree!
love you too :P <3
Looking forward to Soror on Ready for these other folks to sit it on down.
Excited to shoot with and John Andretti this morning.
What a complicated nightmare! Most people would never have found the problem!
Beautiful day to get outside with your pet and take in some cosmic qi!
no problem, and of course!
no way. But I'll let you keep talking
Been up since 7am...finally getting in the bed at 3am...g'nite folks
Fantastic table read today for #GEEKSthemusical, it's going to be a wonderful show!!! Thanks
hey hey u sexy, lookin forward to goin the the game with u!
marriage isn't what it used to be either. So much adultery these days that's what ruins idea of marriage not same sex ones
How do you celebrate a Texas Christmas?
oh lord...and I thought regular old fetuses in ultrasounds were bad.
For the 50,000 out of towners in for ; very glad Chicago's finest was represented
My brain is a bit frizzled. I keep switching between editing technical documents and writing a wedding ceremony.
You must love yourself before you love another,By accepting yourself and fully being who you are, your presence can make others happy.
Why do I keep putting off packing?
You nothing like me
I hate it when people whisper next to me. Go someplace private if it's that important.
I'm an asshat!
Crazy that u were the one talkin that (b)ullshit that i need to move on when folks walk out my life...
What ya doin for Thurs night draft? MDC party at Frannies...big screens in the SDR...pizza...you're invited...let me know!
And the Romans with the W ! <U+E057><U+E106><U+E409>
Braving 66 in a few to head out to address the fighting Loudon County Dems.
LOLCAT! He thinks that group work is the best.
I Heart Stevie Wonder!
I just read an article titled, "Fans suffered most in NFL's long, greedy battled." All games will be played!
This dude called a ”bangee”! Lmao
Some research for you: See Good luck!
-uhm, nothing. i`m bored. :/ HBU?
TOPFLIGHT Papergame would like to introduce and SALUTE our 1st female artist...Nika J...SALUTE!!!
If u don't have kids when u were a kid how old were u or how did u find out your parents were Santa?
Lol! I was not the cam guy on this one!
win a FREE spray tan from Bronze Sunless Tanning! DM us 2day!! happy monday
Come on Cano
RT if when you become famous the first celebs you wanna meet are follow me i follow bakk
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
Contact our Chief Curator, Dave Shackelford at . Thanks!
when the sun sinks down over the the water everything is hotter when the sun goes down
DJ IRIE @ PLAYHOUSE TONIGHT!!! Message me for more info.
Happy Monday all! Any heart healthy events happen over the weekend that you would like to share?
Color me disappointed when i found out that the movie cabin on the woods wasnt the sequel to broke back mountain...
& ahem, what is this about big boats and women??!!?
FREE State College Spikes kids clinic Sunday, 7/10. If interested, call 212-520-8250 or email
DO U KNOW WHOS TURNING 18 TOMARROW?! Thats right!! JUSTIN BIEBER!!! <3 make sure to wish him a happy birthday!(:
Prodigy Lookin Bad on That Ustream Though ! (: Thanks For that Surprise lmfaoooooooo ! and you should follow back !
I have no friends :c
NJOYN JESUS! IT'S HOLY WEEK! I'M LOVIN IT! MY INCREDIBLE SAVIOR! THANK YOU JESUS!
At a bar talking to some other NYC peeps abt politics, interracial, and same sex relations ...the locals hate me.
ill take a Danish over a donut
Shout musical tonight! :
I mean I'm down like a hooker on a Friday night ;)
Well you're a Catholic (as am I!!!! whee) so it's acceptable because it's our holiday YAY EAT ALL THE CHOCOLATE AND BUNNIES
I'm feeling soulful, so am going to write some poetry, spill it onto the waiting page.
please play "So Many Girls" by
Had a blast last night @ #intersectionsDC with , malik and samera. Thanks for making it happen!
I need to be less bummed, I'm going to Panda Express!
i cant stand bums, sumthin bout his money make dha nigga handsome
Having a morning that lends itself to listening to Bon Iver sing Bonnie Raitt.
Take some time to remember why it's good to be alive.
wishing you luck!
don't know if he'll be able to get more than $360k per week he's allegedly making now...
hey are you in vt?
“: Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas ~Paula Poundstone”
no problem glade to find Prince fans there is no one quite like Prince
Heading to Seattle tomorrow to attend #NFFTY2012! Excited to see everyone!
The Reform-y Hillbillies?
#digitalindia JSTOR has the highest number of hits at Univ of Delhi - thanks!
OMG thx for the follow :D
S/O to my nf gud afternoon
It seems the current American health care system takes away coverage when citizens need it the most, after losing jobs or getting sick
Bought 2 new Kias for service vehicles. 2 weeks later, one is down. Broken airconditioner.
ahh, damn blackberries. and yes, btw, i'm still up from 2:45am. woo.
thanks Jen!! You are the sweetest!
I seriously cannot stand this play by play chick announcing the #Badgers game. May need to turn on the radio.
We're getting a lot of rain in Austin. Hopefully it's enough to bust the drought that we've been in for so long.
RT : Had a #likeable field day with and very proud of my winning team!
Also sadly amusing in Douthat's column is favorable comparison of US political climate/violence to Pakistan's. Oh, now I feel better.
We add bell peppers and extra Parmesan to make our bolognese extra awesome!
JesusfuckinChrist! Why do people insist on bringing in their half-dead selves to work when they have the flu or a horrible cold?
I didn't say I miss you not because I'm afraid,it's because I know it wouldn't change anything
I LOVE THE ROMEO AND JULIET WITH LEONARDO DICAPRIO IN IT. ITS JUST AMAZING .
Everything above Corey Brewer's shoulders is just as bad
Keep up the Hard work.It's all paying off, all the blood sweat and tears over the years!
Movie recommendation is Samuel L Jackson in "Jungle Fever"
Just laid drums for my lunatics remix! My ears are still ringing!!! Serious boom!
thank you! Let's hope it can withstand another 10.
#OneDirection is #gorgeous <U+2665><U+2665>
WHAT THE HECK I JUST GAINED 50+ NEW FOLLOWERS BY FOLLOWING FOLLOW HIM NOW COME ON CLICK IT YOUR NOT CLICKING IT DO IT NOW!!
Only three final exams stand between me and my diploma.
I KNOW! LOL. That's what I mean! I'm all OKC. Haha.
i didn't catch it...was it good??
Holy crap. I ended up liking the #50Shades trilogy way more than I thought I would. Hell, I like it more than
We r put together a celebration on 5/30 4 first-gen college students in SF. Thoughts on working together 4 a tasting?
Wait, who is this guy?
Sleep deprivation may be why you're feeling sluggish. Check out the article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
UL never quits. Gotta love that.
Love your perspective - you inspire me
how exciting !
I'll make a big announcement!
My boss may be a man, but he is a weak ass bitch. Grow some balls and a dick, instead of the peas and carrot your sportin'. Punk ass.
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
awh:( there will be plenty of more shows though!
I sometimes wonder if people are aware of their B.O. ...
didn't they at least have to give him a shot at the complete game?
I need new followers on instagram : 94z28nos
Three words about my day. Checks. Blood. Nutella.
My friend is having a huge "moment" right now.
The weekend has arrived let the shooting begin! Sandra Glinka
"There's gonna be a lot of slow singing and flower bringing if my burglar alarm starts ringing..." - Notorious BIG
Bout to do some work.
He was at #ChefsforFarmers. Let me know when you are coming next time so we can make it up to you.
nothing comes to sleepers but dreams so i guess all the ballers still up.
Every time I hear that song I go back<33
Ooh, would love to but I have a run early tomorrow morning. Have one for me!
I may or may not still be a little bitter you never gave me the recipe for those ribs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol
Now that I'm a working woman, my life is not quite as interesting as I'd like it to be. Boo
OMG We all have to do it in some form or another to Make This Money.
Double up! But seriously. Such an irresponsible cause to support. It's not just harmful to your own kid, but to others!
so are you disappointed?
Congratulations! You must be so excited. We serve an awesome God and I pray that He uses your devotional to bless readers.
I was going to dick on you for this, but I agree. This is a legitimate concern.
ALRIGHT YOU TEETH YOU SONS OF BITCHES. YOU SEE NOW WHAT I'M CAPABLE OF. SHAPE UP OR I'LL LET THE DENTIST CARVE THE WHOLE LOT OF YA.
The 5 love Languages: 1. Physical touch 2. Acts of Service 3. Gift Giver 4. Words of Affirmation 5. Quality Time
"How do you turn on the stove"
does that means you see Teck AND Montana in the same dream?!? Lucky.
weekend plans?
haha, I was too. I Can just Look at everyones tweets for a play by play.c
Insurance man out the house today. Leaky roof and water damage. Hope they pay $
It's a serious hunk of shit.
Thank you!
I have the data that created the graphic and easily re-create in any color!
valiant effort there, bud. I'm pretty sure the Torts interview one has a pretty short shelf life, anyway. Fun novelty, though.
Apparently the asshole sitting next to me knows more than the FAA. #texting aswetakeoff
Oh shit, I will take both. When would I need to pickup?
Homework flow....
If your still posting status' saying "10 most finest females id cuff ... LMS :)"
if your a fan of Christian then follow for tweets and facts about him
Good luck with your move :-)
well girl text me or something? is Kent at work? lets hang out cause im pissed too. hahahaha
I rock w the new records joe. Been playing them for a few days
MT : #LibMade MakerBot supplies = cheap. The plastic itself is cheap. Keeping things running smoothly in 3D design = more difficult
<3 RT : no probs. Thanks for being an awesome band. Come back to Canada soon!
If ya pussy wet without stimulation, you ain't got good good, you got a YEAST INFECTION....
I'm following 2,017 people
text me boo
haha can't be, you're an inspiration to us all lol
<U+E057> thank u! That just made my day aha <U+E328>
break a leg!!!!
Drake's crew love sickest track !
Hey, I know you. :) Dig the mantra, it's always do or die. Keeping doing!
great article
Classes are cancelled tonight. As of right now, weekend classes are still on.
YAYY!!! Text me twin
Autism tweeps rule! Thanks for
Whenever I read tweets, I read it in their voice... Weird.
Watch out for the ones to get what they want from you, then it's a rap....
Let's do it!
What happened to Andre?
The magnolia tree by our kitchen is like a neighborhood bar for birds. At least 12 in it right now. I think they just yelled "Norm!"
We just received our very first order from Ireland!! Great start for the week!! RT
I can't come Saturday :( but we need to all get together ASAP!!
Am I the only one super excited about TRUE BLOOD tonight?! :)
What did he have to say? ;-)
Cooking the kids sum supper so we can get this night started ;)
How do u respond to a text that says..."you choose to be single".
Wish I could b woke up by tht
it's about dang time you followed me! :o) You need to update your profile soon, huh?
No way Denver should win IN or against Patriots and that's not an indictment on Tebow but talent. Shock the World!!!
pizza hut tomorrow?
you inspire me to follow my dreams! I love you so much, Liam!<U+2665>
Keep fighting!
Braves better pull it together
Ha ha thanks Miller.
Passover was such fun. For bfast, I made a tsimmis smoothie. It was to die for.Stewed sweet potato, prunes + carrots + almond mil…
Signs along Interstate 5 read "Congress created Dust Bowl."
I hate Comcast Internet!
Good morning writers! Trying to stop stalling on my next book.HowRU?
# FF Thanks for following!
Another hit at surrender nightclub the place to party is only
#TweetAndEat Bloggers should check out Google Trends and Google Insights. So many amazing free tools!
What a game. Thunder crowd unbelievable.
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance - Lotus Nightclub!!
per WEEI, Will Middlebrooks' sister hit a HR at approx. the same time Will hit grand slam. She did so for UofTulsa Softball.
Wow...lmao....comedy!! super foul!! Imma take that because Whitney started looking better b4 she died. So you meant a 14 :)
Hahaha I like your dad already
I mean I have to read everything eventually, but Baudrillard does nothing for me.
Countdown to #HIMSS10... looking forward to meeting everyone!
Looking forward to finally seeing I’ve heard great things about it, but have no idea what to expect.
What is today if Yesterday was Tumorrow.?
As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard. Get #PR ready!
thanks cheeks
NEXT TRACK...
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road. -John Mason
Moving along...I guess... #Shame :-/
I miss you
Lol my boy is funny as hell. Love him to death
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
I can't wait to leave this town tomorrow..
If u see this .... I love u lol and stop lurking.....
Guess who's in seat 10c?
My baby feel asleep on me :/ I guess that means its time to go to bed
This weekends WINNERS - Patriots, Saints, Texans & Packers. I'll be eating some Wings tonight!
When there is still breath, there is always hope.
Government shutdown..still up learning more by the hour..over healthcare,medicare,planned parenthood..are you serious?
Sitting in the Senate gallery. My friend and colleague from Mongolia, Khatanbold Oidov, is being recognized on the Senate floor.
nice...just got another job interview... should have two web programming job interviews to kick off Jan 2012
I had to tell my friend something that didn't really matter. lool
Tonight I am playing the role of protector of baby cows...
“One thinks that one is tracing the outline of a thing’s nature–one is merely tracing round the frame through which one looks at it.” wtgstn
Chemistry will be the death of me.
Chris Gardner was amazing!Its about everyone that had a dream and never quit.
Jesus I'll serve you in Spirit and in Truth
The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a comfort and richness to life that nothing else can bring.
FOX News' Jennifer Griffin&hubby NPRs Greg Myre will be talkin Israel & the Mid-East on my show Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
It's Eat What You Want Day so treat yourself at #lunch. We're thinking French Dip, Lamb Burger or Grilled Skirt Steak.
All I have to say is that prom better be poppin, and the food off the hook after all those money I spent.
Just witnessed a gentleman yell at for chewing gum
What is your perfect date?
Thank you! Your Brothers, BBHC
I swear he kinda walks normal now I almost wanted to call him jared haha.
I wish Dustin Brown was on the Sabres. That's what the Sabres need. A big physical beast that has some skill as well
husky right? Love those dogs! Mine is shiba inu
RT : In which I give thanks for the 2012 David Thompson Community Leader Award. I am humbled and...
Huh!!!!!!! Word is only way okc can beat Sa is if harden plays point! RT : That beard is really gross..
neither did I but I enjoy the movie thoroughly
#Social #Media is time #consuming but not for Your Thoughts, LLC! Allow us to #manage your account for you! We protect and grow your brand!
The interview on this week was PheNomENal! New respect!
Thank GOD for all the amazing roles for women Game Of Thrones has given us!
Beware of traffic Saturday morning!
Thumbs down to the 'viral membership' trend whereby members are rewarded for spamming Twitter and/or Facebook with company signup/info
John Kao playing jazz piano - what a lovely breath of fresh air!
Trying to be productive but I'm stuck in a daze...
You want a LAST chance, really? It's been the "last" chance 5 times already.
It's raining in McKinney TX!!! First rain drops since June 22.
As is mine. ": ": 30 Rock live... This Thursday." Thank you, Alec. DVR set."
"Combat Training"
What! But Michelle put on weight to play Marilyn! I heard it was like, 10 pounds! That's the rule, right?
If you're on the way to #Coachella from San Diego GO THE LONG WAY! No mtns. Treacherous. Fog/snow/ice & cars sliding everywhere. Dead stop.
K-9 club update: autism/aspergers teen social skills, shared story about cool idea, signed daughter up, stared today, she loved it!
Thinking of skipping my St. Patty's day green today and wearing my #aztec red & black!!
At da wild place, getting rite before wrk...
I tend to agree. Do you want to talk to or listen to your guests? A smaller list allows 4 greater agility in many ways
Yeah man. That joint is fire man. Catchy, lyrically sound, moving and spiritual.
everyones throwing up gang signs lol
Awesome! Driving? Room in the car? Help driving? We managed to forget about til right now and SAD.
Who would you rather work for? The GSA for the perks or the Secret Service for the prostitutes? Be honest?
Lmao! RT : Dario better start following me before I un follow !! Lol
Making french dips tonight for #mondayfunday they're gonna be delicious!
Paul heyman is back!!!!
I haven't even seen you in about a week.....
U broke my heart UR pain was so raw. I cried w U. I hope UR long overdue talk w UR Dad gave U closure and happiness.
when does season 3 air bro? Missin the laughs. You guys are a great inspiration for me
how are you dopeness!!
You're my kryptonite
ditto. that was my first time. what did you think?
Stop on by and meet out newest crew member Mike.
ok i think i have a pic
ZOMG! How's the cupcake selection around 5:00?!
great job on ur last fight and you do have the fastest ko!!!
Someone make me a chocolate cake, I'm cravin it
I really wish I had a driver because I detest driving home from downtown Orlando everyday!
Pumped to see some launches soon :)
Can't stand it!!!! Your idea of 50/50 is more like 75/25 me with the quarter! Save it! Fricken jerk.
Retrain Tip: Learn to work smarter during exercise by understanding ur body over time. "In youth we learn, in age we understand"
My mom had the best that's what she said today: I took it in the back & then I pulled it out.
Same station, new responsibilities. Seriously need to come see you guys! I don't have any spare livers though :-/
#youcantdateme if your shorter than me. Just not cool lmfao
thanks man.
I can't it was off of hers
haha I am so inspired
Major #marcfail: doors didnt open for a bit on 448 and then only on 3 cars - major track 13 overcrowding
Gallardo quiickly is baseball's leader in gopher balls,having given up three thru 2 plus innings.. ouch
Im done with april fools.... rlly a HERO?!? i guess u guys nvr met a firefighter or doctors or any1 who risk there lives for us evryday!!
Everyone's got different things they hide behind or try to be.
heard great reviews regarding your book. Look forward to reading it! Doing a book tour?
that is awesome, sir. AWESOME!
RT Bears and sharks are scary, but w/ the Stork's ability to bring you a random baby, it has to be the most terrifying animal
if you only knew how much I had a crush on
LETS DITCH.
a lot of them were 2 track tape all spliced together!
El Gallito has the best grilled jalapeños in LA. This cannot be denied.
i have a great #constanciochange (: wanna hear it?!
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
Thank you both for helping me, I ended up winning!
I haven't posted a #ff in a while, but these folks are so supportive Definitely worth following!
And yees I just got it back! but i'm gon to bed so i'll text ya tomorrow!
« « No female wants to be called a bitch, but once you put "bad" in front of it, these hoes feel honored.»»
LOL. I'll introduce you to plenty of people here. I'm all hooked up.
...for another sham marriage? RT Listening to at a shoot always gets me in the mood!
A mid-afternoon snack courtesy of Nicole Stellon O'Donnell, one of our favorite Alaskans: jalapeno olive moose jerky.
So perfect.RT : Me: "Gracie, do you know what your shirt says?" Her: "Yep, soccer ball." Me: "Great, let's take a picture."...
Reds may not be my team but damn it's hard not to be a Votto fan after tonight.
I'm pretty sure seeing a live performance in my old hometown of you would be the best top off to a craptastic work week.
boy, the Spurs are going to be upset.
Just had a heated discussion about gay marriage, I may not be gay but I will support it! Not my place to tell u what u can or can't do.
hai I'm dying is it from that night jdksnd omg
Score! M83 at Black Cat on Friday, Little Dragon at 930 club on Saturday. Gonna be a great weekend.
and a hole in the bag so he can sing to me, that's it.
yea might be but him shooting the runners and making the finish line come to him made me laugh
shopping online for Murphy's Oil Soap
Well, I haven't seen the alien regist images, but I don't see how you could go wrong with the Plott Hound.
Thanks. Whole entire insight due to
JP is so bored in class tonight
I do too. I wouldn't use word to write for the web, but some of us still make (print) books!
which one?
Every day I'm hustlin...
Soon hopefully me and my boys & Well be jamming on a regular to get r band off the floor.. and into ur faces!!
The weather in Boston is exactly the same as in Bogotá
Wherever I go ! :D
Awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at and your right there.
Every time I hear or see something about the avengers I think of you!
I swear is comedy I would RT that last tweet cuz it's funny but my moma got hair haha
Tweet to the FACE!!!!!
China posted its largest trade deficit of $31.5bn in at least a decade in February after imports rose 39.6% and exports rose 18.4%
I did you my homegurrll of course imma follow you back!
WHY ARE U MAD ANY WAYS
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
aye bro we had a ball, good food (thx Ms. Irene), great fight, we had a good time
. Thank you for the great infographic!!!
I still feel on the fence....like maybe some people like it? No?
Great photo of Sheas!
WHERE WERE YOU when the sky crashed down, THE DAY THE WORLD STOOD STILL?
I hate when I hear & see shit that reminds me of the Past. Makes me want 2 tear up sum shit. Ugh
Thanks for following, All the best:)
Hey, There's a lady at the BA Farmers Market with a Nathan's hot dog cart. Are you related?
cruising around to some old school atmosphere jams
Yeah but her face is only 5.....
You know you accomplished something when her legs don't stop shaking after y'all had sex (;
nice onee... can u give me a tweet sis?im from philippines.i long a twit from one of #TVD cast.:(
RT : >7,000 Journos searching for sources on LinkedIn. Are your execs' profiles on there & up to date?
Search others for their virtues, thyself for thy vices. – Benjamin Franklin
Now I'm very tired
you going to the rose bowl?
(hehe, just kidding)
i hate realizing that you have clearly moved on, and i still have hope.
yeahhhBUDDY rollin like a big shot.
Frank Sinatra plays on tonight. Im in the right place New York New York
DID YOU WATCH DRAGONBALL Z GROWING UP I WANT TO KNOW!!!!!
Jay-Ism # 4 - "A n Individual succeeds by always achieving, not by always repeating"..(Keep pushing yourself to new limits to find success)
Amen! MT : Social media can prompt introspection as people become more aware of how they are and what they're about.
yes please!
Ha! got all the tongue from a young female. Check out the photo on Facebook. :)
so sumbody got pieced up at Circle K!
1st person to give Seth a Left Handed high 5, down at Chili in the Works (Southside Works) at the LHC booth gets a free shirt! #LHC LeftHand
got it!
Education on the ALARA principle falls into four main categories: time, distance, shielding, and collimation (or containment).
Man if life was like a flash of light to go sweet ass school in ohio
your keeping my whole class entertained we are ctfu at u and how u keep sliding nicki tweets and she yet to reply to you hahaha!
Were closing at 11p tonight, selling like hot cakes! Come get yours before it's too late!!
the chick in the UCPA
Ping me on Gchat when you have the chance, would love to hear in more details. :) &hopefully, I'll see you there next year,
Nite all and thanks! MT : Have a great night & thanks everyone for joining in. I'll post the transcript tomorrow.
two i would love:
im fine, my acc was hacked and it barely got recoeverd, so ye aim back, how have u been?
"My phone dying" #lameassexcuse I hear everytime I call
lol“: Michelle Duggar...jesus....it's not a clown car, for pete's sake.”
loving sophie and bugsy!
hahaha i bet!! oh god that was embarrasing lol
see you there bud.
I promise I will win this game for you. I'm going to do my best today & it's all for you. You will always be in my thoughts. <3
thank you for the love bruh...
Going back to school after an amazing Wednesday off<
aye yo I need some liquor you gonna go get some lol
Blue Man Group in Chitown was soo fantastic
Summer is the time to get your fireplace cleaned. Well before you need it and the demand is lower.
RT : "The Hudson River Valley, Dutchess County, is squatchy". -
We want to play too!
I've got one more week!! Next Friday #GirlsWeekend RT Day before vacation starts. Let's do this.
ditto pub luv!
So, "Live Mas" is 's tagline on their website. Do they realize that mas means more in English?
we would choose a low-calorie, organic Willo Cocktails margarita of course ;)
+1 “: Prediction: Apple shipping the next iPhone screen with the current display size will be labeled a fail by stupid people.”
Ok it pisses me of, 1D is touring with BTR, it's BTR tour & if you don't like that they are touring with each other don't get mad at(c.)
Had a packed day with campaigning in Bourbon, Harrison and Pendleton counties, followed by a fundraiser in Northern Kentucky.
Now and then I think of when we were together
Spinach Artichoke Dip, Grilled Chiken Quesadilla, New York Bruschetta, Three Cheese Grilled Sandwich on Sourdough, $8.50 each
will be pleased to know I bought a bike to commute to work today
Hey the weekend is coming...get out of the pile!!!!! LOL
i can tell when is doin da dirty because i get played back in scramble with friends mwahah
they should have a"jerkin day"on 106 &park BUT get the best across the world. 5 team(each routine)Vote.Remaining 2 Battle it out in a circle
making the correct pass like that's a bad thing. If the pass is "correct", that would mean he's kicking to an open teammate,
I can never cut a break.. Why cant everything go back to normal
that was fuckin awesome
“: NO, I want some Sopapillas with honey on top! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>” me to they are so good
Oomf Betta cum to my crib tonight or we gone have a problem
thanks so much for the follow! Hope you're having a great weekend!
what up?
not yet
What if?
Yeah, that's what we talked about after the match. It's crazy to think that our DP might need to be a forward.
Buster sucks
Going to sign up for a account and see what this is all about. I love new #socialMedia Tools. Bad news it is only an app
Whether or not J.P. Morgan asked Tesla "Where can I put the meter?", this logic of profit continues to pervade our world!
Any word on USA vs Canada?
As long as you GIVE (and don't sell!)... please!
Weather is crazy over here right now! Get here safe. RT : SA we on the way
Stay To Myself, Sometimes I'm Hella Lonely!
been watching & 's videos for a while now..eh who says that's a bad thing?
I watched the first 4 or 5 videos. Have to finish it. Seems like NLP stuff like Tony Robbins, etc.
I'm so grateful to live in a world where Angelina Jolie's leg can have its own Twitter account. Happy Friday everyone!
your a stalker go away you freaking weirdos don't ever talk to me again like wtf!
Fun profile pic! Something like that.
Meeting w uncle sam
Future possibilities: Direct links to data, controlled vocabulary, links to publications, expert view (technical metadata)
I just got a call that I won a chance to meet from you, is that real?!
What happens if a black dude walks into an asian bar? He walks the fuck out.
Any treatment found yet? need bats to eat the mosquitos!
i haven't told u my theory that Gosling's character is essentially a car/robot, metaphorically speaking?
absolutely! I mean, its only 5 Ks. That's like a mile, right?
Going to sleep early for a change. Night! XO
So ready this! $$$ RT : More tickets for the Pink Friday US Tour go on sale this Sat, the 12th.
Draw something ya_Digggggg
I'm feeling trippy
Witness prep in Seattle later this week; environmental matter.
Love what Posted aboutme on instagram
glad Karen made it through all 8 seasons, she's 1 of the non main chars to make it but it's sad that she's gonna die D:
What's everyone's thoughts on the #Badgers game? We'll RT your responses for all of our followers to see!
Thks! We're excited to have you aboard! RT killed it at tonight! So, so excited to be a part of this team!!
If it not made in Kentucky then it is not bourbon.
I will travel over mountains and across seas to be there!
Outstanding partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case this morning in Wisconsin Supreme Court. Hot panel.
*You fuck with dolphins*
It's not Memphis but "The Dip" aka Velvet Cream in Hernando is awesome.
lmao , pinky promise , who you going with ? Jeremy
investment > frivolous consumption
Exciting news ahead for San Diego County's art scene...
I want this to be my tweet at 11 tonight! ---- : Flyers, Phillies, Union all win! It's a Philadelphia night!
Hahaha YES! RT Wearing my turban to the city standing next to an Indian with a turban on on the platform
Thanks girl !!! Miss you not being here also , hope you are good , and staying busy !!!
I will murder you........in a game of who can catch the most fish
enjoy your trip! I'm jealous of you.
Work was not a good enough reason to get out of bed today, yet here I am
learn to love Keynote
1 year 1 championship. All doubts and 1 result! Picked 11 of 12= #1! One for all and all for #Buffs!
published? Roomie is published? Tell me where so I can look it up!
What are the best email marketing software systems that include a auto responder and shopping cart features?
There are few things better than an outdoor run.
I don't boo Tex for going to NY, I boo him for years of claiming to be an O's fan, saying he grew up a Yanks fan in the heart of Maryland.
It tasted as good as it looked! :) Have you been to ? It's my fave in #Vegas!
#MobileSpatialAppIdeas : food source tracker at point of sale. As mobile app and barcoding technologies get better and converge.
In spite of the fact that our cells produce acid waste body fluids maintain alkaline pH as long as we choose healthy lifestyles
KU needs to ball-up, now. They're taking shots as if they're asking UK if it's ok to shoot. TAKE THE SHOT.
Bring mr.back sometjing.nice ;)
Weird thing about my adventure. When I stick with it I lose weight. When I cheat, I don't. What's up with that?
I should of went to school but I ain't wanna see them bull shitty ass people
u notice everyone but me :'( I freaking love you
Wow what a cute name. :)
you know what?
Capitalism is a huge snowball in motion... it seems impossible to divert it to a higher road. The 1% just can;t do the right thing.
Today is a good day. Today I'm watching the Cardinals play the Cubs at Wrigley.
I haven't said anything on my blog yet about the giveaway--you're all the first to know. 100 followers is the goal!
One day you will learn
Isn't that the way it always goes? Feel better! :)
So much love to give.
Sitting in History doing absolutely nothing because my teacher is so unprepared.
I'll let you know if anything changes
bout to have a choir concert but i really dont want to me here i wish would come get me cause this shit sucks
i just realized that steve nash still existed todayu lmao thought his ass died or something already .
Bout to head out to wildcat warehouse in madisonville to stand in line to get my sons first autograph from
clothing line? i took 3 years of graphic design
she always does that
Austin will do that to one...
im settled.
Although it was also ideal in #Cambridge and
Anyone on here got the new Xbox Live update yet? It hasn't rolled my way yet
Stephanie Rickets records her 1st strike out of the game
We love your sister. That little baish.
My pleasure, Porter, necessary info! And thanks for the fine RT, George :-)
Definitely not ready for this week
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm so sick of this built up anticipation about the world ending, I think if nothing happens I'll be kinda pissed.
wanna know something?...alright.... is like the sweetest thing ever!<3
Today I am showing a home to the "Hattfield's" that the "McCoy's" have listed!
They run this company like a casino. 8 am and the cleaning crew is vacuuming.
Great White Buffalo
maybe tomorrow night?
All great truths begin as blasphemies. -George Bernard Shaw
Random nigga asking me how old I am
kk ill accept you
... I wish I would have seen that tweet earlier. :/ I was thinking of going over if you were home since I got out an hour ago.
but contact then as make sure!! :)
Touche. I'll quit my whining one of these days. Nice first issue, by the way.
Looking forward to matching wits with on the racquetball court.
I will support you with everything you ever do baby doll: )
Thanks to everyone who rang in the New Year's with at Gator's Dallas! Happy New Year from StoneAge - Dave, John, Jon & John Michael!
I cant believe my girl left me!!
Hope yall don't mind but I'm gonna post pics of me LoL :P
organic cancer fighting foods for humans and dogs
have you ever taken a flat stanley on a trip with you? well it looks like he may have company soon, keep your ears and eyes open.
#BurgMYT I ate pizza.:-) 5 today. Had a great week!!!
Beating the world's deadliest viral villains
RT “: (RICK ROSS) I'm on a diet? somebody lie! i got 2 whoppers in the car! ugh!”
Math~~ just working on A level and a little on the HW :SS and thats it I guess! :]
All six cello suite Sarabandes in a row.
Sale-Leasebacks: Corporations Squeeze Capital out of Real Estate - Area Development Online
i sent another
So great to meet and in person tonight!
Did you know Miami Beach's Art Deco District is the largest collection of Art Deco architecture in the world?
With our UPass special, even starving students can eat! Just $5.95 for a one topping pizza and 16 oz drink w/your UPass.
I GOT ALL BLACK ON READY FOR WHO EVER WIT MY 40 ON DECK NIGGA
Have a gr8t holiday weekend! Gobble,gobble!
yo he's jus pissed he still lives at home wit his moms, and he hasn't came out the closet yet!
heh if only I had the drivers to tell...
: Thank you so very much! It was so much fun to sing, and I would love a CD, since I've only heard excerpts to this point.
RT I love SF drafting LaMichael James as he will bring to their offense what Darren Sproles brought to SD & NO.
Peyton you will regret signing with Denver
females stop lukn for the same caliber of man if u tired of them dawgs! you receive what you put out
#LessAmbitiousNovels How Stella Got the Clap Back
It was a great show Mike. Crazy to see how some performers don't appear to age...
Really want to go see the avengers
LOL RT : Creating new incubator camp called "Camp in a Jewish Space In Space" (TM). Jewish Space Camp.
#thoughtcatalogpitches RT : My next essay is called "Enmity and the Internal Politics of #TeamFollowBack"
really cool! What zoo r u at?
Haha I know!(; thanks for the phone call! I needed it. Love you! (:
love game. Lady gaga.
you cant whoop me thats all i know...so
Thanks for retweeting us, Michael!
Watching The Who at the Isle of Wight on Palladia. Nice ending to my week.
I've been trying to watch Marvin Gaye documentary for nearly a week now to no avail. All bad.....lol
Gonna take a little nap ^-^ Night little tweeters
I shared your site w/my coach at No Excuses CrossFit. The custom option might be of interest to them.
It's your mom, she never told you.
At the Doctor's office about to get my bandages and cast off! Its been a long 6 days with this thing on... I am so ready for this.
a fool wit it..
Over 200 Hollywood VIPs to pitch to at #HollywoodPitchFestival & only 200 attendees.
RT : I envy poets. Writing prose is like dancing while strapped to a chair.
unfortunately all the time.
As great as it was to watch the Broncos knock the Steelers out, I still think it would have been better for the Ravens if the steelers won.
RT : It's official April 26th 5pm on QVC tune in and see Miss Jenny pickle up! So excited can't wait!!!!
Have fun! Tweet any tips & tricks you learn =)
yeah send them NOW
Justin is my rauhl model. And no, I didn't just spell "role" wrong.
I wonder y people wonder
Thanx to Nightly Standard for having us Sat You guys rocked! Shout out to & for coming out to support
great to be connected here too!
Should I plan a trip to Denver and see the Rockies this summer?
i swear he done had about 3 good chances smh
plz follow me im trying to gain up to 800 followers but i need your help
x x x
And when the wedding photographer asks you to say the magic 'smile' word for the pics...presume we know what you'll say! :)
Dominos pizza you're my best friend tonight.
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO! COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS! LINE STARTS AT 6PM! $10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!!
Happy Earth Day!!
... Apparently it was who ever @/tinyari is!
Think 1000 Yrs. Envision the kind of future we want and work towards it. We don't have to sacrifice our children’s future to meet our needs.
The Martini Project: I'm in. Best project I every heard of.
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
I'll CRY IFI CAN'T SEE YOU. Btw The Maine and nsn are on the same stage. Nsn is right after!
that's cause I love that picture of you three!
Poor paula. That's truly sad.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there! You are greatly appreciated!
Thanks to all who came to our programs and to those who helped make #ala2010 a great conference! Looking forward to New Orleans...
I never knew that could sing :o
#StarshipsVideo was amazing. Youre so gifted. #StarShipsVideoOnMtv AMAZING!!!! Stay awesome!!!
lmao. I said I be busy not ballin! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> more money more bills!! FML!!
yea let me know if u find somethin, cuz I didn't...
Yes, make scones! With any luck, I'm going out for a donut, eh!
please follow!
RIGHT!? First round on me :-)
If the heat don't win I'm not watching anymore games !!!!!
Each workout is broken down so that learning is easy and you can grow at your own pace.
I'm realizing, and learning to accept, that I have terrible taste in music.
That's my home-away-from-home! So we'll split it. You buy the first 2 rounds, I buy the next 2...
Had to reset PRAM to solve a problem on my Macbook. Didn't know that was still a solution! Now I'm straightening a paper clip just in case.
Finalizing my plans for my trip to Salinas, CA for the CLC (certified lactation counselor) training in June. Very excited!
As big as he is, Sullinger is a soft baby.
it seems like no one's happy anymore..
When you're tired you can turn good morning into a one syllable word
98 bodegas roda II filled with mushrooms is great with mushroom risotto.
Im going to start sweating glitter soon... All this prep for 7 minutes on a stage... What's next? Teeth bleaching & eyelash extensions!
probably. They moved there from Florida last August lol.
just like me! Hah another spoon session soon
I had to stay up cus he fucking put his ass on my face and kept on hitting me with the remote control
Them hoes on Craigslist RT : I wanna chic that can do dis shit this lady did during half-time
I already have a lil boy. I wouldn't mind another lil boy, but I would love to have a lil gir. that way I can have one of each.
this was the best usage of #quad yet!!
that looks delish
Easy come, easy go - the $$ I won on the NCAAs is being eaten up by car repairs. Ugh.
Scattered rain showers through tonight. Some gusty wind and small (pea-size) hail is moving through right now.
Dinner at mine this evening with #georgemichael , need help!!, how do I make kofte kebabs & what's the average width of a gloryhole?
I want You Too...<U+2665> Follow Back ?
definitely students who are cheated.
where is it? haha
it took me 20 minutes to find everything this morning!
An athlete’s will determines their skill. Deep desire, coupled w/ unbreakable sense of inner will & determination, is unbeatable combination
Why didn't you bring us chief !
A 5 shot lead with 1 to go. #Tiger to close this one. How sweet it is!
Plus of the 200+ people I follow - the vast majority of whom are poker players - I have never seen one of them tweet a congressperson.
Finally n this bitch I c hoes came n here looking n e way
Due to the constant and massive growth of the telecommunications sector in Asia-Pacific region
Am I wasting my time talking to you?
Woo, summer time. We'll be open 3pm to midnight all summer!
not 100% sure lol. somwhere in the general area of England I guess. I want to visit them or move thereone of these days...
Favoriting your own tweet is like liking your own status on Facebook. neither are acceptable.
Yeah, I suppose so. Although B-Roy did most of the damage for the Blazers...on 2 bad knees!
3 months into trip and we are getting... tired.... I think we need to slow things down a bit.
Come on in!
What you doing..
RT : Young The Giant at Party In The Park? I can get behind that
Need #DairyFree #glutenfree microwaveable rice cereal for mom. Any recommendations?
I really don't think you read his criticism carefully nor accurately.
So regarding this 5D Mark 2 are you referring to the Canon photography camera?
and you know this how?
90s rock has inspired... Anyone have any suggestions for any local bands in the Baltimore/Metro area we could check out?
Oh, inconsistent world, how you plague
FOLLOW ME UR AMAZING OK BYEE
I did return the favor, in my defense. Her butt was...less bony.
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others.-David Seabury
Earn money: very soon I am distributing best ebook 'work from home' to my followers for free with resale right.
(: good day at school today!!(; but #single is horrible!!!:/
9-9-8 in games that Collin has played this year. 7 of those wins were shutouts
I know right they betta stop Hatin on him show love to 6.
THANK YOU CHIPPER JONES!
Tonight! Join us #SaturdaySessions then after-ups DM us for RSVP/Tables
I know, but you'll have fun without me.
I love one of my closest friends
every thought counts.
The future belongs to the few of us still willing to get our hands dirty
See you tonight!
Things are so much better than they used to be.
Maybe the beastie boys should just focus on making films with every possible celebrity cameo - they've really nailed that!
Ann Wolfe, James Kirkland ... RESPECT!
Hearing about from Ken Lowe #Worldcom I wonder if Giada will visit ?!?!
Kill bill vol 3 is commin out this year or next year lady gaga will be in it tho uma thurman played the shit out that movie and she killedit
Holly shit... JV needs to step it up!!! We look like shit and have a big game on Sat. and even bigger one on Sun.
Rocking out to in my room with a BIG bowl of Mac and cheese. #Homealone :P
shit getting there :* I like <3
It's been a long time since I was there. I'm sure it's even better than B4. I'd love to visit!
Hit me up!
On the bus going to the SIA Snow show expo on-snow demo day@ winter park
: "Little has annoyed me lately as much as this... Sounds sweet to me." >> I was more annoyed at the comments!
When's the last time you went to Happy Hour on a Tuesday? If its been over a week, that's too long! Come by tonight from 5-7pm....Cheers!
and I used to think Led Zepplin was an individual, not a band. Er... back before I was so hip.
SLJ's #wksnowday starts at 7:00 AM PST.. Do you think the Wimpy Kid author can get students here over an hour before school starts?
RT : US public libraries circulate as much every day as FedEx ships worldwide.That's $82 mil of value every day from lib materials.
Oops, forgot to turn my swag off. My bad !
I will!
I got a interview with Uniqlo on Friday. :-)
Glad you liked them!
The sun sets in Phoenix. The SB1070'ers are staying at the ballpark till late. The neighborhood is quiet. Cat's are musing.
Good day today, hope this good luck keeps up all year long
hope it got better or at least more inebriated. We are on our way to Nola
lol its a quote out of a book I was reading
Free food, drink special, and the fans Of more do you need..oh I almost forgot bring your flashlight...
Um what's w/the ass hat waving the blow-up pink flamingo in the stands at the Pacers gm?
Pretty productive day considering I never bothered putting on shoes.
Haha darn! Can you eat chicken wings?! Weds this month I'll be at Riviera. But we'll need to find a bets off night soon too!
who talk? xdd .
Just called Willow "Phillip." Have called her Olive a few times these 3 weeks, too. Almost named her Pippa or Casey.
All Bed Head makeup is 50% off at SBS!!!
I'm listening to Jeffree Star. Hate on it bitch.
Bassi mom has got it going on!.
Dang by time u do dat its gon all b gone :(
31% of online display ad's go unseen...if that and social media is all your doing to market your company, you need to add some print
#nowplaying Hear Me Now
You’re always there, you’re everywhere but right I wish you were here<U+2665>
Very true - many people that I actively engage with on Twitter, I met in real life, first.
I saw Brandon Spikes' acting debut. Too much nudity.
New York! Do I miss this? Seems kinda crowded and hectic
the #ManlyPoppins tag made me literally LOL. It now has an official spot in my lexicon. #ManlyPoppins needs to trend worldwide!
Going into work early. After yesterdays SHIT STORM, I don't know if I'm ready. Oddly, hippies be real rude-core when they can't use credit.
can you follow me please?
I definitely should NOT have "liked" Whataburger on facebook because now all their food is just rubbed in my face and I can't have any!!!
About to go live on Kruser to talk about the KDA audit.
I'm trying to not think about how nice it may or may not be outside.
I will be celebrating Women's History Month by not being seen once barefoot in the kitchen.
Got all the people I need in life that I love, couldn't be any better!
Thank you for keeping your burgers delicious through all the weeks that I have not been there.
This has Caldwell written all over it.
Somebody Ring Ring my Celly <U+260E>
You haven't missed your chance to become an volunteer to help give away 1 million books, but you only have 24 hours left, hurry!
If the Magic are going to start to make moves, they should start at the top. Stuff rolls down hill if you know what I'm saying. Otis 1st.
Its fucced up when ur better half dont want u to succeed n dis music shit-mayb it time for her to get her fuccin mind rite
Finally my turn to drive.
Welp, if that window tastes like apples, I'll be a happy camper. I think I need to watch that movie ASAP
#awkwardmoment when an boy you used to see likes ur fb status of going to the gym!! Like he thinks I'm fat! Lol
Name one thing more annoying than windows automatic updates? There is no answer.
I don't think I can do this..
sry im late bro!!!Happy thanksgiving man
Some things aren't meant to happen, but everything happens for a reason!
That Movie Think Like A Man is funny & have a good message 4 men & Women saw the movie Its Good Kevin Hart Funny as Hell
I assume you caught Hamilton's HR? Glad you saw him go yard. I have you in for a live hit at 5:20. Feel free to use "go yard".
WOW! LifePath is Rockin' Puerto Rico!
haha next weekend maybe?!:)
Be careful of friends who mistreat people who were good to them.. It's only a matter of time before that mistreated person becomes you.
Not a chance . RT Your prego RT : I'm gonna rip out my stomach in a bit if it doesn't stop hurting. It's a warning
hey jasmine!
Oh wait, I'm thinking about Avatar - the last airbender, not your Avatar. I think M. Night is making the live action Airbender.
dude. I've been alone with my kid for like 12 hours - and HE IS STILL ALIVE!!
I can't wait for your new single. It's going to be amazing and I can't wait to one day see u at like the Grammys<3
yeah, I'm with you. Good, what time is good for you?
TGIF! & first day of Finals! Get out of school around 11 today :')
I found that out in "Forget Paris" haha
Shout out to Cacao. -Best Hot Chocolate ever.
Come party wit the #sockets this Saturday @ #figure8 1$ entry all nite
Lying helps you until it fucks you up perfectly.
i got one too, just delete them, it happens sometimes.
Make it happen.
Does anyone else think that somewhere Ray J was watching Sat night as he was replaced by Bieber on the Money team..
This lady showed up in 5inch heels aha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Wish we could attend #SXSW this year, but we wish everyone luck and to have A BLAST!! We'll be there next year! ;)
Thanks! It keeps getting better with the more people I meet :-)
Thanks for giving my kids the thrill to see the blimp up close in Frederick. Oh & you take the best pics, they're on TV!
Guns, razors, knifes!! RT : FUCK WITH ME!
I'm tired tired tired!
won't last I gnte u
“: that usually means the hot water stopped working at the girls dorms”//probably, but I live in Kings House lol
“: Maybe I should just turn into a media robot and follow the norm.” well that would be mighty boring
I def think it is an excuse to leave early and enjoy this spectacular day!
JC Caylen just tweeted me. I can dig it.
#clbrt2012 that's a beautiful "network" image. wow.
God has enlightened me with so much today.. Thank you to all the people who truly have had nothing but good intentions w/ me. Much love
Too goddamn sunny... Where's the rain?.
follow me on instagram
going to the lakers game aha :P
Ah, what a gorgeous rendition of "The Prayer"!!! Bravissimi!!!
Love the subject line "ACA Party e-blast." It's so funky fresh!
We don’t build services to make money; we make money to build better services -MZuckerberg
99% of girls are fake. The 1% are taken...
Super Mom Search Launched Aesthetic Edge To Conduct Mommy Make-Over For Deserving Moms.
adele looks stunning in her black sparkling dress..kelly rowland flawless...
Goals for the summer :: new car, promotion at the job, and living a better life :-)<U+2665>
Thanks for backing our film! And the shout out. Much appreciated!!
I'm gonna miss 106 tomorrow because I have a hair appt....good thing I have a DVR tho! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Last day as a 7th grader:)
OMFG. YES. YOU HAVE TO. :D
What me and are making isn't fair
On my way! Leh Go! RT : FREE TRAINING PACKAGE 4 ANY1 THAT GO 15 MIN OF MY AB DRILL W/O FOLDING UP LIKE A CHAIR
Eddie Redmayne is so hot.
Just say when!
Thanks for the shout out!
looking forward to our certificate x
u mean the law they didenr even read all the way???
"It's not about forgiving, it's about transcending the experience". Male rape survivor.
“ Momma said don't cry over spilled milk ... Keep it moving..... #moveem”
but it looks like they made their own visualization? That would be a #showyourwork win!
Good morning y'all! 4 day work week, yeeaaaa! (5 for us Saturday client-focused Over-achievers)
I am living abroad in Prague. I had sex with two sisters last night after I told them I was from Brooklyn. MLINY
That's it get it in my sister
Just got off my first NY subway ride!!!!! Last night was awesome!!! Now, time to go be a tourist!!!!!!!
omg. the kennerly shirts today were AMAZING. can't wait till wednesday to wear them....SHHH dont tell! ;)
y'all steady with shit even before YOU BROKE THAT CONTROLLER I was beating both y'all asses in black ops so stop the bull
Too many. But I'll go with the next from the Swingers guy: "Go".
come on
I know, in the end I just said "my oatmeal is good enough... thanks." but it gave me some good ideas for said oatmeal.
Yeah so you're a beaut. And I think you like me but idk if you do. Maybe you should SHOW ME lol
RT if you promise ur beliebers that you will never ever smoke or drink
Headed to get the car detailed..
So glad today is Friday!! Ready for the weekend :)
Very good nap.
Electricity: "Keep talking"
Enjoyed it. Love droppin' some knowledge. RT ... thanks again for speaking to the class last night
capital one banking's customer service is EONS better than dirty martini's service
KRONWALL! that was PAINFUL to watch. ok boys let's use this momentum.
Greinke versus Lincecum sounds much more appealing
It's so good to be an adult.
Mad at Y100 right now 2 bad songs in a row, bo
Prez Obama Should also think about Not only Jobs to the Infrastucture But also Other Jobs Like Customer Service, Etc which is Gone to India
just talking shit lol how are you?
why you no come to Solofras ne mo
I am enjoying being fully present this season! I'm sure your cookies will be fabulous.
It was worth the wait! The Game of Thrones second season premiere was amazing!!
awe hung out with dalton
You will never realize how import someone is until they are gone. #Peyton(;
send mi goons where that fuck nigga sleep
smack thompson 'bout 2 lay down 2nd set 's in boulder...played some new and some classics i.e. jerry and simon garfunk...$1 cvr.
So there are these really weird bugs that won't leave me alone. I just killed like a thousand tho.
that's Mike - he's a late-night creeper, but I've known him a long time so he doesn't scare me anymore...much.
Congrats to all the founders in TechStars Cloud! We love all you guys, and had a blast going through the program with you.
just looked up Gregor Mendel. He doesn't look a bit like I've always pictured him. I'm strangely disappointed by this.
Thanks for following Mark
I love coffie thats ho we I start all my mornings :)
Hi, FotoStop, thanks for following
Thanks for the follow
Just kidding my new true love isn't satanic. Satan is not real and so is his creator. Fucks with me
Sponsors interested in sponsoring Bikini Swim Club - Exclusive this year contact
Howdy! Thanks for all of the social media shout-outs! Y'all rock!
Fuckin two bad bitches at the same damn time
Today 12:00 pm WCPN Dee Perry talks to author Hank Shaw & chef Doug Katz of fire. Lively talk on foraging and cooking delicious wild foods.
Thx for the job title love. I'm a regular at Buzz Bakery, Grape & Bean in Alexandria if you ever want to meet to talk shop.
Just ordered my first roll from !!
Yes we do. LOL
We're hiring! We're currently in need of kitchen help. If you know of anyone looking for work in a kitchen, send 'em our way!
Goal! Blackhawks win in OT, good game.
Can't wait! RT Just arrived at Ann Arbor radio to go on I'll be on in 15 minutes. Starting off Monday with a bang!
I'm trying to get some !
been wasting time and money ont he wrong things...
I want an Iphone so bad!! But I need a job first -.-
Lil ass nugget chasing me.
I saw you got the botox for your hyperhydrosis? I had the surgery about 4 years ago & I'm so thankful I found it!
Of course, because there's always room for us!
My son really needs a sibling or two. He babytalks our seedlings when he waters them and checks on them everyday.
i don't try to hard sometimes. bc i just figure what's the point..
00020 Wed 19oct11 . Completed Spool No.001 . Total processed: 1005bags @ 12060ft . Completed time: 1430p . Thread End Position: facing EAST
Matt Barkley next year?
I got u let's talk offline when u get a sec
Oh, good. Glad we all agree.
yep well i will text you when ever i get more mins on my phone which idk when that will be
great mission for your organization!
thanks for the RT. Hope to see you there!!!
Friendly Tip Calculator - Dining with Friends Made Easy and Free on Cinco de Mayo - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT : A3: Do your research and if they have a list, find who youre looking for. If youre new, ask someone for intros.
Why are the guys so goddamn cute!? ugghh it's so not fair :3
Up at 5:45am.... -__- making sure I've got everything packed up and ready to go.
U so would have one u r the best I like everything u do plzz follow me I love u with all my heart <3
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago... I miss them so much :-(
Is your life the one you have always dreamed of? Would you like to share that with the world? Contact us and lets have a conversation!
Only about 30 pages left to edit for my 1st novel! Even wrote my synopsis. Getting excited!
thanks, Sharon!
I can see that, thanks for reading!
I LOVE Stevie Wonder!!! OMG!
; you are blowing my phone up !
I think we called it that too. I remember something back there would get blazing hot in the sun and we'd always burn ourselves.
hey how's it going? :)
Why do so few men end up in Heaven?They never stop to ask directions.
Because I possess NO TASTE I don't even know what qualifies as an antique or what one would do with it / them.
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” -Vince Lombardi
Miranda is Our Queen <U+2661>
we're going to the hs track meet, then getting food. ok? ok.
Hello chica!! How is Law school? What year is this for you?
tickets still available but hoping it will sell out.
. keeping white suburbanites terrified is a full time job!
I have always wanted to get there for a review! Let me know what you thought!
"It took 5 pics to see all of her."
If Penn Field wasn't swallowed whole by Austin traffic daily, it would probably be a nice place to office.
DONE WITH FINALS. LALALALALALLALALALALA.
Thinking of pouring bottle of Avery/Russian River "Collaboration Not Litigation" @ Avery Brew sampling party tonite 6-8pm! Better get here!
yeah should be. Events like that make me sad I don't live in MD anymore. I don't remember players interacting like now
I always give my dad shit for pointing out umpires when he watches games, but when I watch the NBA I only look at the guys handing out water
#nw : Laugh At My Pain
Everyone be careful out there. Tomorrow is Saturday the 14th.
really can't tell but seems science oriented...
Cutting a Foot on an AgateWare Bowl
I just want alone time with you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
On my way to Creating Video with DSLR Cameras workshop
G-nite BELIEBERS got to wake up early to buy JUSTIN BIEBER FIRST STEP TO FOREVER(((: leave me stuff:)
Please welcome CupidStar to the Max life
Strange moments: When you meet your girlfriend's friend for the 1st time and you realize you've nailed her at a college party years before.
I'm in the wrong department :)
Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot. Smells amazing!
you can only follow 10% more than are following you when you are over 2000. btw - hi! :)
Can't wait to celebrate this weekend with the only people I care about! :)
ive been in the cut. We need to link up soon if ur free
FWD: : Make me VERY happy. RT Wow! We've found 73 books with positive teacher role models. Here's the list: h ...
we can certainly try...why no chocolate or preserves?!
Warped tour tickets = Check!
Goodnight everyone!! Have a blessed sleep and night!! God bless!! =D
ooh exciting! What kind of red?
i dread to think what new followers that tweet gets you, but i'm up for some playtesting if there's an easy way to participate
Pictures when you get home from school!!!
they were just getting mad because I said I didn't have anything to change into
Yo You wanna Go Get em Now Al?
lol why do you need an excuse?
Use both hands, baby. *smirks*
Come to Universal City Walk, this Friday at 7 PM - Finalist for #KIISFM Breakout Star for chance to perform at #WangoTango :-)
We have gone thru 7 lbs of bacon at Red Kettle Cookout.
no problem
Did you get it from Sharper Image or Brookstone? The ones they sell are amazing!
I liked when they asked what we were showing, got bored 1/2way thru my explanation & walked away
Which weekend are you going to??
I just realized how cute I am drunk.
I was just standing around, doing nothing, when I got arrested for impersonating a police officer.
making plans to do a good thing....
Bowling with and
don't be too sad. We'll have the video up on the site after the conference!
Go MKE! RT : Winner winner chicken dinner!!! Puerto Rico bound!!!!
-- OH lord, I am right there with you! I think about what the characters would be doing/where they are! It's a little insane.
How come nothing that's in 1000 Island Dressing tastes like it grows on an island?
can you send us a detailed email w/acct info and issue? we'll get to the bottom of this.
hm...no comment...
Hanging at the #moontowercomedy opening party. What's up?
Watching Impact Wrestling....with the mute button on cause it's way WAY better lol.
I wish :) I like my trails and long runs.
Today is no plastic bag day in #sandiego. Bring in your own bags when you do your shopping today! (via )
yeah! I like it becausethe color and the effect makes it look stand out! Enjoy your day :)
#Dope “ IVE BEEN KILLING SHIT LIKE A SERIAL KILLERS LAXATIVE - DAVE LYRIC”
RT : My mother is THE virtuous woman. One day isn't enough to show my appreciation... Heck, 365 days aren't enough.
I'm remaking the Twitterverse! Today is FOLLOW THURSDAY! follow and ME to learn about how #smartenergypays!
Ha! Trying to have a little humility, here.
#fukushima Why is melt-down bad? Is it because all fuel becomes 1 lump, unseparated by moderators? Couldn't floor be shaped to prevent this?
RT if u thought the fancy D in Disneyland was a G when u were little
People ask me how I'm always so calm. Basically, I decide not to freak out and stick with it.
Morning sex is the best. Hell, im the best.
in the city until Sun & have my sched lined up! I've missed that feeling of not being able to walk! Are you in LA?
- you're gone frm facebook page, ashleigh is gone here - are you the amazing disappearing Burlesons? Sorry about your kitty :(
You gotta take the good with the bad,Happy with the sad.
Oh that's dangerous!
Listening to Teenage Anarchist and making Mr. Gabel's voice a bit higher. Just trying to prep is all.
*every time*. I also almost typed "animal cables."
RT : MT : Tonight we'll have in Jason LaBaw (), CEO of ! We can't wait.
come with me (i think serg is going too)
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 8
Hey stranger.
But opinions aren't made so that people agree so I just disagree it's all good :)
about to take off. Thank you for everything, will let you know when I get back to boston tomorrow. Love you!!!
I like the one with a vowel in their name. How could you possibly choose one!? there all EQUALLY awesome!
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
She on a dopeman dick cause imma nigga with a sack
Too tired to work...
I just can't take tests.
I hope so bro! I'll let u know what they say. And ill be hitting u up soon so we can make the clean version of the EP!
My follows to followers ratio is all fuccd up
Happy early birthday :3!
To keep your site protected from falling into a compatibility mode use <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"> in your markup.
Ok, sleep. You win.
"People w/ small targeted audiences are far more valuable than people w/ 100k untargeted audiences."
Its cool! But next time call me!
lol yea i did
Haa. Get a room (;
Thanks for the follow. Great postings :-)
Well...My hair looked really great for 3 minutes in the bathroom this morning.
Had to emphasise the word bitch because I love calling her that
hey can you go follow ?
I like it.
Why don't you hop off their dick already
Terrific! I have another one tomorrow!
Due to the fact that going to the library involves putting socks on, I have decided to stay home today.
I happen to be doing the exact same thing on #workwednesdays... Hash tag thief! LOL
Op man what a world do we live in were people can show off their dirty boxers...
RT : Back for another season Terpnation!
I'm starting to build a pretty serious collection of authentic WWII memorabilia.
already following :)
Not doing that, Im in love, not a hoe bag! ! Hahaha
You are a great couple! and you are AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!
SHUT...the front door -_-
Oh, hey boy. What's good?
Felt like having ice cream for dinner but heard in my head yelling "don't do it!!"
I think I'll be able to relate to this book.
good looks thanks for the support
Well, on the bright side, the REAL bullpen didn't get used. Pomerantz looked damn good.
Thanks Miss ya and hope all is well in TX!
Unplugged is happening now!! If you arent here you need to be!!!!!
MY BODY IS BROKEN FROM THAT SLEEPER SUPLEX
I probably won't live past 30, I do to many drugs.
Now its going to be a long week.
Haha i model and go to cosmetology school as well xD Hbu? (:
oh way funnier! I actually started to feel bad. Of.
I am to trilled to be working with some producers in diffrent countries......yes turkey and britan omg yall so not ready but I am.
When you change your habitual thoughts, it is like changing the direction of a train.
omfq my head hurts!
Thanks to for the RT!!
Dont dream about it,be about it. Turn ur dreams into something that happens when u wake up.
relax & enjoy the day, your time is coming!
Happy Presidents Day!
Attending 'Spring into PDUs' for Rochester PMPs. Loving the session on Infusing Project Management Into an Organization That Is Clueless.
where r u
Loved someone's tweet: "can we stop calling it Beaver Nation? It's a neighborhood, or county at best..."
You would think after Huffington Post getting a Pulitzer, I wouldn't have to keep proving that online outlets are worth peoples time.
Best book I read this week - Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit. A martial arts fantasy/adventure with a girl character who kicks butt too!
My 6,000 TWEET IS COMING SOON WHO WANTS IT????
Ha I got an IPhone
I might check with departments on that. Some are more transparent than others.
Probably around 6 it's on a Saturday. Hopefully we get the jams this week
yay! So excited!
I'm tempted to say that scholarly engagement outside of libs should be required
Hey, probably already know this buut...I love your band and you night c:
That's awesome you were able to make it to our release show man, we super appreciate the support :). Keep listening!
Im really starting to think that the key to happiness is being a bit of a slacker & just not giving a shit too much.
Don't wanna be here right now...don't wanna be anywhere right now...
good reminder for EVERYONE. thank you for sharing this!
Create your own topical directory about your field of interest
"Always listen to your heart because even though it is on the left side it is always right." Unknown; picked up on facebook
Yup. That's my feeling as well. I want to be good enough to design a manual that makes people say, 'Holy crap!'
I WANT ONE! bring one back for me!!!
Why do people get shocked when I say 'Hold on, let me check my calendar'
your really cute:)
What is my next big idea gonna be. Hm....
so you think i won then? ;)
And you can always come by when there's a speaker you want to hear!
I like to think I've never been the "I've got it all figured out" type. But I'm starting to feel like I got the gist of it.
Wtf im not fat
Chances I will go to Comic-Con this year have gone from 0 to VERY HIGH. Cross your fingers, friends.
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you.
yep and my mom saw.
Come #HappyHour with us this evening! RT : Jealous!! :)
love ya dirty george!!
I sang the banana boat song/day-o beautifully last night at karaoke!!! Did Mr. Belafonte proud!
Sick to my stomach. fk everyones feelings. No one cares about anyone else's so I don't either.
We're excited for the start of #DBC2012 today! Who else is ready to get started?
Me and Brett will go get Tyler and come see y'all! Haha
Me well. Madeline sick. Together, we will watch UCLA struggle against MSU. Baby's first year of March Madness off to bad start.
Live From Twitter Its Melvyn Flores Live!
bahahahahaha finishing everyone
Among those missing tonight for various reasons, Takudzwa Ngwenya, Todd Clever & Chris Wyles.
Just drive by Santigold sound checking L.E.S. Artistes. Rad.
FINALLY, date set. Austin, im coming at you 4/30! I better see you
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her won way is without enemies.
Watching Martin lol
A fun filled day of hiking in the Redwoods with
You Legacy-what you leave behind is not what is engraved in stoned monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others!
Maybe they will come to the uk after the tour
Now, back to my regularly scheduled program, Twin Peaks.
Ciao Ciao :)
Hey , saw you were just in Dallas. Holler if you are ever in Austin. The local brewing scene is booming! Would love to meet.
So sleepy. I wish a certain someone was here so I could fall asleep in his arms. Oh well. I guess I'll have to wait 2 more days!
CandySwipe® Now Available for iPhone and iPad on the App Store!
I'm having my piano moved in tomorrow, do you want me to measure yours in case you want to give Walsh a call?
I can haz kansas?
I just be talking the majority of the time. Don't pay me no mind..
Happy birthday!! I hope you have a great day!
thanks for being awesome!
Every Monday in May will donate 20% of your purchase to MM when you say "Metropolitan Ministries" at time of purchase!
cuz i still run the tweets all night and day.
Its not your fault for hurting me, its mine for thinking you would not.......
Well then. It looks like today is going to be a fire drill kind of day.
sent! no problem at all
I'm sure it will and definitely "Best Supporting Actor Canine"
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
Can't wait for Nashville
someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning
Take me to the carnival so I know that it's real.
RT : Q1 via : What special travel moment do you most want to relive?
Whoa. Carl's jr. commercials
Got whole crew up predawn Passed customs into Canada but view from across border was fog LOT of effort NO photos Dateline: Detroit Michigan
This is the most productive I've been before noon in months.
RT : What's your favorite Burt Bacharach song?
Duke Basketball: Why the Blue Devils Need Jay Bilas Back on the Bench - Bleacher Report
So sad to see Hollie go...should have been Phillip...
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Not as expensive as buying new ones, though.
hey thx for the shout out!
I'm doing pretty good. Super tired studying for my world history test. But how about you?
wow first time I ever caught yer tweets live. You come here often
I'm sorry, but I just can't get down with this whole chia seed craze... esp.
's Geist was quite nice tonight the turbot w/ fennel ravioli, the raw ox w lump roe,& the vanilla i.c wOlives&liquorice were tops
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you read Runelords? They're creating that a picture too. Vote for actors
Oh Here we are again. Current call time... 26:45
Ugh first day of school tomorrow.I really don't want to go back.
Honestly how the hell can Raven Symone afford an $11,000/month apartment in NYC?
I see you , I see you.
you're welcome
Follow me lol
Miraval...a life in balance. Here I come. Have wanted to go for 10 years! BalanceActLady is exited! No make up! Don't intent to leave!
Fan shouts out to Rex: "Rex, wow, you look great!" #Jets coach noticeably slimmer these days - down 90 pounds.
Consider a career in federal consulting. Attend the Deloitte Consulting Undergraduate Info Session tonight from 5-6:30pm in MGC 200.
my initial idea is "techy" stuff, both teaching and learning. would love to learn/teach outside of tech too though!
If I ever spent 100k on a Fisker Karma, which is a sexy car, and it burst into flames..I'd be pissed too!
Thanks for the retweet!
Thanks everyone, glad you enjoyed the column! Have any questions? Tweet me here or
I've missed y'all. How are you?
okay you are honestly the most adorable human being ever i just thought i'd throw that out there :)
Chapel Hill or Raleigh for lunch today?
Sometimes marketing is a real pain.
Marinara or Bolognese sauce
If it makes you a geek, then we can be geeks together. I love Chicago Public Radio.
I get it. Ball and fall rhyme. Glad to see you read your Dr. Seuss books as a child.
You are a nerd, admit it, but regardless, we miss you!
This crazy is in the monkey cages! Lmao!
Hey mb is on forgot to write tht on the last tweet! Who else goes on this account?
I don't think so. But it shows up under my recent purchases.
phew...and thanks for reading it.
many city parks in SF were remodeled in the last five years, dolores park was recently redone and is epic
yep 2morrow I'm last day
Woot! Go Rose Go!
Yum! Tart is one of my favorite places to eat.
RIP Kurt Crain...from little league to highschool n college..the memories..my heart is sadden by this loss..you will be missed
please notice me!!! please 15
New York City friends. Please go see my friend in #stickflyplay !!!
My first day of work was great! Got hung up on alot but all in all it was pretty good lol
First bike ride of the season yesterday, and no pain today. Looks like I won't be able to up my distance until next week though
Did I mention the #Brewers only have one out against the #Cardinals in the 9th? This is not over.
Shoutout to everyone out there with a mom to wish happy mothers day to. If it wasn't for my grandma i'd have no idea what a mom supposed 2 b
thanks, Brian!
Old people sitting by the lake, reading and watching birds. <3
I might be up there
Community service.
does this mean that you had written 2/3 of your paper in a short enough time period that the auto save hadn't even kicked in?
theres more to me then my appearance!!
Fuck it I'm leaving.
am I going to be allowed to spend the night???/
Oh. I get it. You're gonna help win the election for your party by disenfranchising tax paying citizens who vote. Let me know how it goes.
is right, the actual poster is not available yet, but abstract is under Sessions-Poster in online planner
Using video in your salon marketing strategy? Entice users to click play by using rich, sharp colors!
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
hm. I don't think she's "beloved" enough to cause such a strong reaction as shonda hinted. Hope it's her though.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. #TVC ~~Mahatma Gandhi
|._~.! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
why the red?? Road trip girl! haha
Let's go #Brewers!
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
Learn a tool Friday: Looking for a private social network you can use with your team? Try Yammer, free and paid versions....
Thalassophobia: an intense and persistent fear of the sea. It's so vast and dark and overwhelming!
that feeling is honestly the worst!
Love to fill bowls with can't-get-enough-spoonfuls of soup? Find plenty in Planet Kitchen Table, the hot eco-cookbook.
Tune in to 99.1 tonite the kid debut single "I Don't Wanna Dream"
We love the new NPS Civil War page!
Crossing my fingers for a Ohio victory.
No problem! I hope it helps!! That's what my mom always had me do!
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize Black Gotti and THE GOD
Although there are several ways that you can buy a home, pre foreclosure is one of the best!
I love to cook. Even though I only cook ramen or indomie..I feel like when I cook
Oh, other events today: KY Derby, look for . The #SuperMoon is tonight. & CincoDeMayo, look for with a sombrero!
best idea ever!
Dear FBI: Your secret Wi-Fi equipped vehicles might stay more secret if you stopped broadcasting their SSIDs as "FBI Van 3171."
As was his language so was his life.
They say there are no regrets in life, only lessons. Well, I can say w/o question that I am a certifiable GENIUS!
Wrestle Mania was crazy had a great birthday off 2 bed i go school in the a.m.
Feel bad for my boy. He is so upset lose and he didn't get to see up close. Dallas was not nice to an 11yr old
#SignsYouLostAFight you wake up with a black eye... But the other person doesn't have a scratch on them
About to watch Australian short films at Boston LGBT Film Fest. Best weekend in a long time.
I wanna have just one day where I can just sit in my sofa all day and pig out all day !!!!!!!
great show today on Daytime
sorry to hear that, I hope you got her insurance info
., who uncovered Detroit City Hall abuses for , weighs in on firing of saying he was "wrongfully terminated."
i WILL try!!!
FAT TUESDAY every Tuesday Join us for Fat Tuesday's @ One Up drink specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special !!
We Bought A Zoo
oohh! that's a good one. Especially when people say it instead of typing it!
yeah, he's a nice role player.
Looking to finance or refinance an overleveraged multifamily property whose value has taken a nosedive? Remington Capital can help.
sounds like a perfect situation for
Any of you guys happen to know crafting, decor type bloggers in NYC?
I love you so much. You are such a big inspiration to me! My 11:11 wish is to be noticed by you one day!
See ya texans.
Welcome welcome! RT : First day at and I'm loving it!
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
So many new pics of Paul and his adorable grin, just leave me here floating in Wesley heaven
Some people SHOULD NOT have a drivers license
Well then give in to the
"If you don’t do what’s best for your body, you’re the one who comes up on the short end." – Julius Erving
I hope you didn't mind me speaking for you, haha.
Happy Birthday hope you have a great one!
We have a surprise for you guys! We finally have a facebook! Its under construction. Add us facebook/stumbleuponmilwaukee
Doug Collins: Rondo is an amazing player. He takes the ball wherever he wants on the floor.
Deep breath. And go.
When I picked my son up from lifting, he informed he just had an autopsy, lol. I guess I don't have to feed him dinner tonight.
Facebook will be replaced by a similar site only because of Facebook's format changes, most of which everyone hates. Can't wait
Avnet Electronics Marketing Kicks Off North American X-fest 2012 Technical ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
What up twitter world
Anyone know what channel the Thunder -Mavericks game comes on?
Thanks, Danny!! RT: It is decided, their new name is "Good Burger". (at )
": I don't believe in coincidences. Every Thursday? I'm not stupid." Joey watchin tranny porn again?
The new Beach House album is astoundingly beautiful. Had to say it.
feel better!!!
thank you, I hope to be able to one day. I've always wanted to visit Australia :)
Wierd moment when I go in to church high for ged omg I feel wierd
was good; but they ran low on some key items.
RT w/ the Happy Hours app on Android, my pals & I just cruised around from after work till midnight getting food and drink specials.
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Liam walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
My vagina, not yours
ready to get practice over wit
So supposedly the Antique Archeology van was spotted in creighton today. My son is upset he didn't see Frank & Mike.
There is nothing like a cold beer and free time.
Sorry, dude. RT ...and isn't ironic that your favorite particle accelerator is a Steelers fan?
Sweet dreams are made of these, (nicotine patches)
Love me?
where u be, Chickadee??
I think imma make a rapp(:
ready for Steelers football.
2 hours straight of standing while looking at a mini notebook. >.< It's horrid. lol
If someone truly cherished your friendship, they wouldn't let their boyfriends talk to you like you're a piece of trash.
More #followfriday fun!
As it turned out, "Luck" had everything but. Shame.
im so fricken annoyed now.
Finished hosting TEDWomen webinars for their sponsors and other TEDx organizers across the globe. What a spectacular event this one will...
It's possible
does anyone know how to embed comments from a wordpress blog into an html widget for another website?
My back hurts, my neck hurts,y calve hurts....... :|
hey love
Priceless RT : "Did that quiet down 102,000 folks?"" Yes, yes it did." Enough said.
This organic yogurt and rice bar is basically a "healthyfied" rice krispies treat. Baby best enjoy it now. It's the last one he's getting.
Great blog. You guys are rock stars. Keep it coming.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
Congrats Peyton on becoming a Bronco, Denver is a beautiful place for an old horse to be put out to pasture.
Is part of San Diego Restaurant Week dining in #MissionValley?
I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one! It's been on my mind the past few days, while looking at people's work.
*gasp* you should be a poet, you're rhyming, and you probs don't know it(;
did we not announce crowd size tonight?
Thanks For Liking Our Vid! :)
Thanks for the retweet, Mitch! You are too kind.
RT : #FF Follow these cool peeps:
Sent you guys a message via another social networking site ;)
I would die for then bitches awe
im going in
Why does coffee taste so damn good even though I'm not allowed to drink it?
Finally have a copy of mixed in key. Phenomenal!
Does anyone else think 'Twitter' having an actual twitter is strange? Who the hell is tweeting for it haha
Speak Easy Open Mic starting soon at a new time--8:00pm! Get there early to sign up!
anytime my dear
heyo from the SEA!
too bad he's out for the season!!
": Where did the time go? "seems like just yesterday". <3.
Well....Looks like we might have to support the UFL this year!
Who wants to hang wit me tomorrow tho LOL
Arrrh! Thx matey! ;) RT : you can catch it on BBC iPlayer with a UK proxy. It's on Pir B too.
on the gang I remember dat
That awkward moment when someone asks 'Why are you still single?'
What's the longest running play on Broadway? Lombardi. Show number 200 approaches next week...
maybe you should tweet more.
Is continuing to learn about generators today...and likes it. Prepper? Not yet...
I hate burnt popcorn and hot tamale's xD they're too hot for me xD
Red rock and suite what
ha! I wish people in Chicago were more into the idea, it could be so much fun (and very, very nerdy!)
Sleepy time
alright , my tweets are meaann! haha . just annoying . who else hates when people run their mouths & start rumors!?
Can I see you soon? <U+263A>
I love when nonintimidating people bitch me out...
Good Morning #Seattle!! Happy #ThirstyThursday!! Who's ready for the weekend to start already!!
Can't wait for next weekends lady gaga episode of the Simpsons
cool thanks
How about 'Fuck Your Feelings'? I've got my own plate of shit to handle, thank you very much!
love this!
love you too!
Awww, well have a good time! When do you leave?
It doesn't matter where you've been - what matters is where you're going - and how you will get there.
Need to get out of this death trap
so I guess "ima dogg" But who am I to be shit to a bitch who in my eyes aint shit either!!
Bike cops hanging out all over ina and thornydale..watch out!
BioOne site journal pages updated with newly released 2009 ISI Impact Factors and category rankings - 110 of 160 titles now ranked
JUSTIN BIEBER ON THE VOICE! AH! <U+E328>
showing hand!
Goodafternoon ! Sexi young brunette playmate here ! Come check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Happy B-day, Coach! RT : It's Da Coach's birthday--Mike Ditka 71 today. He's every bit as fiery as he was 25 years ago...
Hey, check out my sweet videos on youtube. I've got some nice shots by the water... lots of panning..
please, be Friday, please be Friday!!! Are you serious its only Tuesday??
To all the students who drop out of high school: Remember two things, 1. You tried your best. 2. I don't like onions on my Big Mac.
I want to change my bio, but I've had this bio for a long time? Idk SOMEONE HELP ME?
I'd like to make a post on hacking SJSU's SLIS program, how can I add to the discussion/blog?
Seriously, you guys look like a million fucks!!
“: Law forbids eating in a place that is on fire. (Chicago, Illinois)” some of these aren't that dumb...
#Spain says
My major requires ONE math class, I don't think me being ONE point shy on ACT math should keep me from getting accepted. But that's just me.
thanks James! We're excited about it as well
yes, I was at Boxers, it was really crowded!
Dog's food poisoning = very little sleep. Important lesson: when dog wakes u up at 3am and wants to go out, TAKE HIM.
Rocking some side boob in honor of . I miss him.
Ok so I got 45 mins
Dude who a month ago told me I should focus on toning because I couldn't put on much more muscle told me today he was totally wrong.
The feeling is mutual! Thx! RT : Thanks for the RTs - you guys are great!
I live in port orange and we have no power and we are having hail.
Ugh, why is Geography so stupid and hard? D:
OH: "He's got a great hockey smile."
check out this photo of by
Today's Google doodle is so pretty!
not at yardhouse any more
I love him, just fear he has reached the end of his shelf life. Closers expire quickly as you know...
Road tripping with We're not even talking to each other...
Just catching this story about the psycho pastor and his anti-gay sermon. Charming.
Yeah! Me and my friends are gonna wear mismatched clothes on the last day of school.
visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for all the best toys and games for children of every age. Check it out now!
I'm still a vegetarian! lol
top shelf margs?
Laura Mercier make-up is awesome! Paulina @ Pualinas Spa on Wauwatosa WI can hook you up!
How great to run into you yesterday, in Charlottesville. I'm glad you're doing well at UVa!
Coke or Sprite! Definitely H20 !
You know you're a #singer w a glamorous life when you sing #Mahler #Symphony 2 and then go home and run the dishwasher.
Down by the bay where the watermelon grow/ back to my home I dare not go/ for if I do my mother will say YOU'RE NOT EVEN MY REAL SON, DAVID!
What? Why? :O My parets would take me everywhere i want! I mean, It's cheap! Ask your parents! ;) xoxo
I told her last night to get on but I don't think that it is going to be happening anytime soon
Which is what made it even funnier.
Mountain Lion looks so cool. Another reason to look forward to the summer.
why can't vermes shift our formation more often and put cj and teal on the field at the same time?
RT!!! Needed that :)": Don't give them no more chances, they already had their turn. Everything happens for a reason."
looks good!! steelers tailgating season is soon!!
We just had lunch at Pizza Fusion. And oh my god, that's the best Pizza I've eaten my life. The pizza was organic. Organic is the way.
thanks bro.. ill see you in town soon.. probably just after the new year
LMFO is absolutely horrible. Can't listen to its crap brand of crap music. Sorry, kids. :)
I wish I was Mexican :(
lol she wants me to run that shit by myself, like be my own boss and shit so I might have to!
like legit you are beautiful. passed him on my way to the buses.
Traffic to = :( . Imma bout to turn this loss upside down at w/ in the building!
“: Driving to Garrett Indiana! Great show in Carlyle IL!! Gracias estudiantes!!!!!” GHS is ready for Justo mañana and Thurs!!!
Horace~ You traverse the world in search of happiness which is within the reach of every man. A contented mind confers it on all.
I love that Romney called gay marriage "a very tender and sensitive topic" today.
So few come and don't go. Will you or won't you be the one I'll always know?
Did you ever try to lasso cats? It's nearly impossible.
like 830 in the morning? ill politely decline
you can do it RYAN!!!!
Worst H.O. Ever ... But its Worth :D
free gourmet Italian food? yes! #workperks :-)
hey I've been good. Still grinding ...yaself ?
If your name is Sonya or Agnes you were an accident.
"God must love the common man, He made so many of them." Happy Birthday Honest Abe
Happy Birthday ! Keep up the good work :)
Hardin, just because you play for Oklahoma doesn't mean you gotta look like a hillbilly.
By the way I only want to make love to Jesus Christ after we get married. And stranger things have happened (like um... Obama)
#mascmplx day two has begun! Registration tables are open all day for latecomers.
And from you dear Peter...how is your family?
ya I don't club much myself either. Every now and then I do.
ghosts of girlfriends past :)
I would but I'm studying for this final tomorrow.. Feel free to get pieced after that lmaoo
your my favorite kardashian!!so real and mature!!proud!!!
So quiet and eerie at the office - it must be
I'd love a pic of that dog! Nice
Rush Limbaugh is a steaming pile of rancid excrement.
wait pick mention you or just subtweet?
Page not found, but I enjoyed playing with the water thingy.
I like your picture...very artsy : )
"dad don't step on the dog"
Ironic? I think so. RT Happy Blue Monday everyone!
lol seriously? What kind of blood type do u have?
Nevermind! Myspace FAIL
we love you's!
140 characters of curses. That game was really ours.
how are you today
Real housewives of atl reunion! Nene is out of control She needs a dildo in her mouth so she can shot up
Smh that feeling
how u get so rich? I need that
Where was u at last night!!! we was in the Freakin Villa!!!
Work never ends with a perfectionist
On my long list of #edui todo's I just crossed off an item that simply said "cheeseburgers". And no that's not what we're serving for lunch.
good look bruh!!! God is always faithful!!! All glory to Him
I just realized that 'SMASH' and 'MASH' are two different TV shows. It only took me five episodes.
RT : I think Zach's trying to get Blake to react, but I don't think he's aware of how aware Griffin is. Aware.
good morning world ... lets get it the dream team ... JUST WASNT MY TIME .....intil now
“: Complete this sentence... 'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel _beautiful___' 1DHQ x”
This is the second to last Friday!!
It begins in 3 hours. #Sycamores against SIU. 4 wins in 4 days! Let's go!
Ah that was amazing
is getting there....
I like how Gretchen Pisano says "self-full"RT : #mbisummit Stay small, simple and selfish.
Frittata Ford Coppola: sausage, mushroom, and onion frittata topped with marinara and parmesan cheese with toast and hash browns.
Glad I could make it to the Lions Club meeting! And it was nice to see you!
Enjoy the Christmas weekend everyone!
Back at it again!
Macy's online. They're picture looks different but the descriptions and all are the same. Bloomys styled it better.
she's a traveling girl, if so I guess NYC will be my new Vaca spot!!! You got room for me lol
Even if the Aztecs win their last two games and finish 8-4, after tonights embarrassment, they don't deserve to go to a bowl game.
RT : IMLS makes grants available to African American museums, museum service organizations, and historically black......
Not sure, listen to a few :)
no it's not..
Rhythm section for Sonny Rollins tribute at tonight's #kchonors is Herbie Hancock,Christian Mcbride,Jack Dejohnette,Ray Drummond&Jim Hall.
I was wondering if I could get a follow?
nah uh.
they are all swimminh
U can rock it like this son!
amen, sista! Also, we need another Skype date soon! Miss you mucho xoxoxoxox
Thanks for the follow!
its the least I can doo(: you do so much more than I could ever do.
I'm going to try
Presentation audio recording progress: 4/14 slides done.
I miss you.... A lot
no joshua.
Thanks, though I feel like I have no idea! Gotta start somewhere, though, right? What're you proposing?
thanks boo!
Haha at comedy central. mike epps
Fantastic interview on NPR today. As an actress climbing the indie film ladder, thanks for the inspiration and candid insights.
Convicted by idea that we tack "in Jesus' name" at the end of all kinds of prayers w/o really thinking about what that means
HEY FLYGO HAVE NEW MUSIC
I needed one like yesterday LOL
hi alex, today is my birthday my name is yanet reynoso, love you! Thanks
I think I am meant to travel. Just saying.
Somebody on FB just compared Obama's recreational pot smoking in college with Romney's high school gay terrorizing. o_O
Hey twitter people! I'm back! The week of combatives (military mma) hell is finally over:) I love this sort of pain! Lol!
F***cckkkkk... Been taking "tragos" ever since got to BOMBAY RANCH.
One of these days we are all gonna start calling eachother by our twitter/instagram tags. I swear...
PLEASE BE OPEN TOMORROW!
sure am
Pussy like medication for patients.
Thank you .
We'll be pouring Red Hare this year! RT my beer is about to be in front of me.
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker
Meijer Gardens Moves Up List of Most Visited Museums
i LOVE that dude is hilarious son!
Seeking ASP.net programmers to work with.We need help with a payroll WEB application and other projects. U.S. only please!
I will vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC. Let’s return prosperity to NC!
For 1 gallon of gas, you can join our filmmaking family. Check it out. www.housebrokenmovie.com
Jesus' enduring relevance is based on his ability to speak to, to heal & empower the individual human condition: Dallas Willard
isnt ur contract up next year w/ the nba or this year.
congrats! since you dont really remember the first 1/3 of your life this means you've been together half your lives!
Established political teams show us that a monopoly of power by a few is not good for the broader interests of the "little people."
....Clear..???. PLease give if you can. Thank you (PS I AM a member and just joined their London Social group- we are named The Blue...
OMG!! Justin Bieber followed because i followed JUstin!! WOW!
You can call me Mr. 420 the Ghetto Maestro
#Ladies please cut it out with the stink face look! Its not cute! Step your shit up and maybe the stink face would
Keep looking at my phone thinking she texted back -_- Douchebag lol
Q2 #Foodiechats via #RamonWOW What are your #AllTime favorite toppings on your #Pizza - prosciutto with arugula and figs
#Alcatraz is simply brilliant
Genuinely funny, that.
you all are the best!
Still looking for a breakdancer to volunteer to come out to the next session. Anybody know any good dancers that would come out!
“: 8 picks in 3 quarterbacks no defensive tackles. That's good for the Broncos. Draft is deep with DTs” great point
So life has been busy and stressful lately. Poo.
I really like "Hurry up, we're dreaming" as an album title. What are yours?
Checkin out Grayskul Tonight at The Sunset Tavern in Ballard...who's rollin through?
congrats to your Bro, Do what you love right:) Keep doing you..love the music
Ahem. I wish Justin Bieber would hold my belts.
Yes I think I did.
please follow me ;]? i believe in your music and you. you are truly amazing <3 :) 4ever & always, Kimberly <3
Ready to get this day poppin
Of course there are people who don't believe Obama's views on gay marriage were evolving. They dont believe in evolution anyway.
For I know the plans I have for u,"declares the LORD,"plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. - Jeremiah 29:11
Tabatha's Salon Takeover!!
I spin around in my spinny chair for like twenty minutes at a time when I'm done it feels like I'm really high on weed hahaha
Great meeting with staff on state and federal charter school issues. Hope to have him tour MO charters soon.
A marathon is just a 10K with a 20 mile warm-up. #marathontraining #bostonmarathon via
whats your favorite color?
girls are easy on stickam
I wish I had my moms eyes
I'll take #walkingdead over the oscars any day.
what the hell is this nicki
If that Cooper shot had gone in I might have cleared a whole 2 inches off the ground jumping in joy
Everyone in short circuit is a poser
Congratulations on the announcement of your child to you and your wife.
One of my guitar students just showed me how well she can play the first bit that I taught her of #Beatles "Blackbird"! I love this job :)
On the road to look at doggies. One Terrier-Rottweiler mix, one Weimaraner.
But yeah, I’m not sure at all that the Bulls are getting past round one. Doh!
We know not where our dreams will take us, but we can probably see quite clearly where we'll go without them
UFC without just isn't the same. Anik does great. But shit
you should fight for my attention and text me back before you leave!
Let's go Bruins!
okay you want me to edit it or no
You had me at hello :)
#quote Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.-Henry David Thoreau
Cool! RT : Still looking for a few ppl to be racing sausages (wear costume) THIS Sat. morning
yeah I'm hoping to finish Sea of Monsters today and yes I do love love love my naps
I'm going with Punk, Cena, Taker
Friends, be sure to follow our PR volunteer for play-by-play info at our annual conference!
there is nothing wrong with cluster kids !!
Havent Been On For A Hot Second. Whats Up Twitta :D
no better bet than a subjective one. And your dad is right
Looking for suggestions on screening short film in NYC for 150 people and reception to follow. Hip on a moderate budget. Thanks.
Thanks for the RT! Kinda neat tale, eh? I can only imagine how the reporter felt when he realized who was on the phone.
Spirituality for LGBT Blacks is also a predictor of happiness. The more spiritual one is, the more happy one is (self-perceived)
you are vegan?
don't lie
Jealous. Yum. Amazing!! (@ Hot & Hot Fish Club) 4sq.com/rMeElq
never that :)
Wordpress :) RT Which blog sites do most people use and where do find templates?
Interesting article-thanks for sharing.
awesome! Im watching Downton. Totally in love with Matthew. :) Can't want for next season.
yeah, who needs their big boobs and flat stomaches anyway? Oh wait....
I so agree lol RT Pets > kids
Not liking this weather... not at all.
Great news. Let us know the details.
is getting pretty excited about the new site coming January 1st! It's all about bringing value to the World!
haha can't be an adult too quickly. Gotta have balance
My entire Artfire studio is 50% OFF!!! This is my biggest sale before the holiday season- prices will not be lower this year!!!
I love watching play on the ball defense. He gets after it & takes pride. Reminds me of with the D.
You are lucky to have escaped alive! That beard is legendary in its powers! PS. Brad Says Hi.
Napier Awards Go to Two Pomona Seniors
Great time at great conference!
It's all moody portraits of douches and the suits they wear. But super-well art-directed! And there's lots of booze.
I may not have a flat stomach, but my curves are just as sexy. This also goes out to all those curvy girls. You're beautiful. <3
get a million followers on our station CyberStationUSA.com
Thanks Basil!
To my gmmb colleagues: thanks for letting Nick run roughshod over the office today. Kathy enjoyed the peace & quiet at home.
The music really makes the video. I'm laughing. "It's in the alley...because we keep it ghetto."
There go the lights! Can only mean Jimmy is here! #boxing -ms
Thanks for featuring our infographic on your blog!
raise taxes
Just call me Kenneth Toilethole.
Rest in peace Hank Jones
We love to remove stress from the application process and it doesn't stop there. Come by booth 504 and receive a back massage!
Meeting today with & today to at the new World Class Events facility! Anyone want to host an event or party!?
I missed the National Oddwally day celebration at the Washington Monument. Do I need tickets for nex…
Amazing. Hoping it all comes together for you!
Tory Gilldred provided good wine, food and location so friends could support our work. Thanks to all who contributed to a successful event!
followed already..follow back thanks!:)
Any day without marketing is bound to be a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks, Mon! Getting real-world experience is like taking a laxative... you're much less likely to be full of sh*t.
Ah life!
Bwahahahahha I am now following on xD
Road rage at its finest.
never heard of it... But ill try it out!
Maguire's is missing a #diva. Can you help us out? We'd love to serve you!
Be nice. Everybody will be 52 one day and won't have her money to make up for the age.
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna ...........
What should the beer selection be for me tonight?? I've done Hacker Pschorr/Abbey Ale/Spotted recently...
Took the top off the Jeep today. Fun times, but paying for it now with a sunburn.
She got a mouth full of lies, a pocket full of cash.
That's why I am extremely careful about which apps I give control to my Twitter account. I've revoked access from almost all.
its sure did, wore it already!!! I love it!!!
Aaron Ross and Sanya Richards-Ross are the honorary co-captains of today's Orange/White game.
Substitution, Mexico. Maza replaces Rafael Marquez.
Tomorrow dodger firework night omg >.< !!!!!!!!!!
that's the cutest thing ever omg
Avodado and spinach are favorites. Thanks for saving me from Brussels!
let's party ^.^
I am reading "In the Garden of Beasts" by Erik Larson, who proves again that truth is stranger than fiction.
No, Twitter, I do not want to follow Mitt Rommney.
Went to the Moxie Theatre last night. Ok, Apparently, I'm still in love with drummers.
i want pauls job!
Listen up man, me an' my homeboy are in some serious shit. We're in a car we gotta get off the road, pronto!
The Soul Coughing station on Pandora is pretty amazing.
BTW, we have been cranking out records lately..., , , , and the rest of the fam!
Ewwwww! Just remember smiling suppresses the gag reflex! :P
as soon as it's over, i'm heading back to join for frat town meltdown.
Just bought apple tv! So pumped!
Surg for 5/11 on hold 3-4 wks. Dr in car wrech. Working on getting home by the weekend to wait & can watch a game on
we'll be the fanciest in pico
I got an actual type-written letter w/ cool stamps sent in the mail to me from on #obscuraday. Drafting my reply.
Cant believe imma be 17 in 3 months... Damn im getting old.
I want McDs
I couldn't agree more. This is something we continue to work on, but repurposing content helped out our immediate need
We’re throwing around some new contest ideas. Anyone want another Xtreme Photo and Video contest to send off the summer? Yes? No?
Team In Training is an awesome program & we'd love to have you on our team! Register for one of our upcoming fall events!
I had an awesome time in California! Worked with PitFit training owner Jim Leo who worked me hard! Also went go-karting with my teammates!
Tonight, I was a volunteer photographer for the Austin Children Museum's Fundraiser, Imaginarium 6 hours of shooting=exhausting & rewarding.
we'll pelt her with NON organic tomatos! but i HAVE to see !!!
que mi cabello crezca ya :c
R.I.P. MCA #MISSIONCURE4CANCER rest easy
You're so welcome!
There's way too much sugar hanging around in my house right now.
the pleasure is all mine...
I'm watching Anger Management with Adam Sandler & Jack Nicholson. I'm finding Jack's character very agravating. Do I need therapy?
A 15 yo girl w/terminal cancer made a bucket list. One wish: To trend on Twitter. Give a RT
my back is shedding
You are having the most delicious dinner :)
This fat bitch jus broke the seat on the bus lmfao
The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise. Psalm 51:17
omg me to.
i followed <3 for u :D
Majority of Supreme Court there! Please don't overturn Affordable Care Act - homeless people need Medicaid.
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." -MLK Remembering Martin Luther King Jr today, his born day.
Which courses do you prefer golfing?
Thank you sounds like a plan.
Wow Rev. I have written several sayings on letting go. This is a great piece.
#MostOverratedMusicArtists one Direction. Theres plenty more male groups... They just arnt obsessed over by the mass 12 year old girls.. Smh
S/O to my NF: -- FuTure_Model1 () thanks
thank you all so much for the Follow Fridays!
We have been approached about an housing design and curriculum specifically for Autism. Would you'll group be interested?
Gotta love seeing 3 kids in the parking garage ditching school to smoke a joint
who needs those groupon wannabes in DC. I'm ready to rock.
of course! everything was delicious!
Thanks for sharing our content. We love seeing small businesses integrate different channels successfully.
Hello all! RT : Pls welcome more #WUT2 panelists: and
time for bed
Let's get drunk you can drive us to the harbor...
easiest thing to say when someone tell something and yu dont know what to say !!
have you found the video yet??? :D
Cheering for VCU is a stressful activity.
Wow. This isnt the moment to waist time Kobe -.-
Doing a little thing I like to call Twitter purge
"Wait, never mind, I'm lying."
Journey of Discovery takes Land Rovers 8000 miles from Birmingham to Beijing ... - Torque News
My #diablos need to hang on!
Going to bed now so I can dream about everything I hope and pray to come true<U+2665> <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5> <U+262E><U+2605>
ATTENTION! "LIKE" us on Facebook and be entered in our drawing for an iPAD2! Drawing will be announced on here in 48 hours!!!! 2 days to go!
my faavvv part was when he was singing and hugging his wife and crying <3
Happy 4th to everybody be safe out there today
Bout to whoop this 8 hour shifts ass
WATER BED.
is your round table at 6:30? I'll be in there tomorrow at some point.
The G.O.A.T ll cool j
and Jwow #InTown They should hit me up!! So they could have a great time in Jersey CIty
Omg! I meant i am always hot! I meant always hot, about the ice bar. Deedadee!!
#1 reason I don't own a scale- I refuse to weight myself !
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 17
Goodnight. Tomorrow will be a good day. :)
Just about to learn how to give an insanely great instruction session by finding my inner Steve Jobs
I never even gave you 100 percent, I never even said what I meant.
thank you ! Naw i won't. I know better girl
I wish a very happy mothers day to all the Mommas on my timeline. Including mothers of feline or canine babies! ;)
Many thanks! I know it should be common sense, but nervousness makes me seek to confirm - my mentor is currently overseas.
this is perfect weather for yeti-s!!!!
Looking for that missing piece to the puzzle right about now.
Thanks man, I haven't seen you in forever, we gotta hang out.
They lost lost 7 starters on O and D. I think they're top 3 on talent alone but USC brings back more and a better QB.
No at can you rock tonight??
We men, we goin look!
Americans love lists.
www.inkscreens.com - Best Screen Printers in the World. (in our opinion :P)
At the end of the day, review your schedule and determine when you will spend time on your writing. Pencil that time in and respect it.
I don't know if it's a blessing or one of the world's greatest injustices that Lester Bangs never had to deal with blog comments.
best laid plans, I dare say.
We have happy hour ALL NIGHT tonight + Karaoke + Hourly Drink Specials & collecting goods for American Red Cross to send to Japan!
getting ready to go to tempe market place......
I love u...I'm just not ready to tell u yet.
lol. Do Yall Think In Florida Dude.
one goal changes everything
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> well fine bitch it wasn't aimed towards you anyways....
Joel! please reply! we haven't spoken in a long time! I haven't been on twitter b/c of school haha : D
Experiment with new code, new patterns, new tools
no, you guys rock our world! :) congrats on the album!!
I am not freaking out!! Lol.
hell yeah man lol suppose some won win a mill..they couldn't pay that back
I would agree. I think we need to develop a new cigar vitola and patent it :)
I'm listening to music and nothing now. Someone made me happy. Hehe. >:D
#obamaFirsts - nobama now the first gay, Kenyan, anti-colonial, socialist president (via ) who banned Jumbo Snickers
The pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts: and the great art of life is to have as many of them as possible. -Montaigne
& saggy pants & coolness: apt metaphor for our future attitude as a profession?
at the mall with my girls
. even better, he claims to have a heart problem!
In the burgr king parking lot and a wire popped and exploded ! It was scarry D:
what's the brew for the lehigh win? If you were around in pgh I'd crack a rare.
Why so bitter, Truvia? Oh, I get it. You're trying to wean me off the gauche practice of sweetening my coffee. Thanks, it's working.
This week needs to end
Looking forward to hearing about OSCI @ Mus Div session in Toronto. I'll say hello!
I don't have many non #hockey followers, but this game is really why you should pay attention to the
People with ugly belly buttons.
Wack ass party
Can you put some money on my account real quick please
I loved doing the shoot with you yesterday, it looks fantastic!
Be polite. Don't engage. Pay the ticket.
Ha! Yes, I know we've been absentees recently, but we'll be better! I promise! (And you'll have fun and lots of wine.)
you're making me miss DC so much right now. i love the monuments!!
life is not over simply bc of testing positive for #HIV #educate yourself!
Hope the #LTDArmy is having a great week!
#Chicago City Council is honoring a heroic Naval officer on the 25th Anniversary of the Iraqi missile attack on the USS Stark.
Is Texas human? Or do they posess the spirit of Chuck Norris and Nolan Ryan? (#Royals #Rangers)
Thanks! We're so happy to have found you all as well!
Larry Sanders the new enforcer since......not in my lifetime.
heeelllooo my sweetheart I'm happy you're back ;)) I'm fine thanks .. And you??? Xoxo
Hahaha. That worked! :)
true...didn't seem like they were doing a very good job of matching :P
Sana, please, tell me something I don't know..! ;DD<3
ha thank you!
they probably don't fail you as bad as they failed her.
Some people call me a bitch, some people call me stuck up, some people should mind their own fucking business.
not sure what is more impressive, 73 links, or the fact that you counted them ;) Thx for sharing.
Hot yoga this morning...walked out and Atlanta weather felt like a cool breeze!
How will we ever see I 2 I , if all we do is turn our backs on each other?
girl it took me a half hour to figure what ily meant! Love you too!
so wat u been up to
Omg saw this cute little kid with emo hair
at the Neighborhood Law Clinic session
don't be afraid of putting the team on ur back. Step up when it's needed. Passing to ur center to shoot ft's? Awful.
Hilarious ": So i see you went as a slut wearing a pair of animal ears for Halloween, that's cute."
Food has arrived. Yay! Will check in once I'm fed.
(I bought the first one - and absolutely love it - but that's not quite enough to fill an hour long interview...)
hhhhmmmm that's a hard one TXTING!
Goodmorning world. Blessed that the Lord allowed me to see this beautiful day.
Glad to hear! RT : Battered by May's flooding the Schermerhorn will reopen in glory - challenges don't end there 12/23/10
come to milwaukee
Pacers are legit. Have been all season.
Well that's a good thing... :-)
Eyewitness News did a piece on dieting and ended by saying that we need to use a scale to know if we're gaining weight...
is looking forward to kentucky vs kansas tonight! should be a good game! best of luck w ur brackets, friends!
You are absolutely incredible. Never think otherwise.
I'm slow--I need to get out more :)
The awkward when you read "moment" even though it wasn't there.
Happy 82nd Birthday to my grandfather Jesse Lavender <3
Guess they can't call you a flip-flopper now.
. puts body on line, makes driving layup. Fell hard and was clutching his right wrist. He's up now, though.
Things are quite well. Finishing up my busy season and working on investments.
Brafton #CEO how's my #LinkedIn Profile look? If I was you I would look at the #SEO staff. Is anyone over 40 years old?
Sigh. And we totally missed each other at #SXSW!
Police say Junior Seau's girlfriend found him with gunshot wound to chest, say it appears to be suicide. AP
#TeamBrian is starting to get cocky...someone step up to replace #TeamKris!
DYING. DYING. DYING.
Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its troubles. It empties today of its strength.
RT Some of these Laker "fans" don't e know shit about basketball <U+E059>
Pockets full of hundreds off zero's bills paid but gotta fat jaw I'm all bad...
I love how I'm learning about foreign affairs and int'l relations in a class no way related to that topic.
Thanks for the mentions, the like and the well wishes, neighbor. Happy New Year to you and your family as well!
Only watch Basketball and nothing else.
I would be interested, were it not for my lack of musical skills & that already claimed tambourine. Fish? Cowbell?
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
Had a fun shoot with today
I'm also pessimistic. I think the D is getting old, especially the D-line. Broncos exposed us.
sorry my man made u look like an idiot on ur radio show...I was the one who called in, was in my basement .. got bad connect there
discussing reproposal of #fiduciary reg. IMO, using very weak language re timing of reproposal
o did you make your regular Tuesday stop? you'll have to stop over one of these times!
the undeniable right to home ownership, but medical care/insurance, not so much.
oh really...
Elmo, Daffy, Cookie Monster, Taz, Bugs Need To Make A Gang. They would be dope af wit some grillz, bandanas, shades, chains.
Back on US soil-tired. Great trip/quality time with Dad/amazing history & 'heart' time in Israel. Good to have an American cup o java today!
Dear mother, no matter what i'm getting out of this house after this summer and moving to Eugene. Sincerely, your daughter.
Kate McKinnon. It's her third episode, but I don't remember seeing her before tonight.
props to u dude, I agree with Paul Sr, you bring it every week. ( I didn't think you'd make it one week!)
#rt Some lucky person is going to win 2 Drivn Apparel tees today just for mentioning & following us. Will it be you?
its funny having a remote now for my laptop LOL
can you define "cheeky" for this ignorant American?? Lol
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS AROUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
doesn't my body know that i don't have time for sickness?
As a foodie I thank you.
RT : A great company to use for photography / marketing - strong women-owned, too! Very pleased with their service!
I second that!! RT For sure next week!
Agreed! Perhaps meet over coffee or lunch? Talk soon!
A bearded lady on the subway just told me I was perfect. I guess I need to try a little harder from now on.
What happened?? :/
By Mayretta I mean Marietta because that's how dem folks say it.
Sonny: Are you in a windtunnel?
Bill murray during this cubs game>>>
im there
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
If you don't know who the King of Cuban swag is... You need to know it is !!!!! :)))
Annex level...near Baba's.
Thanks for a great lunch, Sarah: it was so delicious!
“: St. Anthony's Meet!!! #wishmeluck” see you there!
Our walls were shaking last night! Wow that's a crazy sound system!
you alive?
Specials sessions are a scam. How many years in a row has that been going on?
I know(: it's not gonna be there for long...(:
If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherf-cker a reason.
Cheering the runners on at the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon. Everybody is soaked, but still running.. Way to go!
Some just play for fun and drink and others are super serious. Winner gets a shiny trophy
Once the 3 colors are applied, let them sit for a few seconds then go outside to see which color disappears into your skin.
To whom it may concern..I did not purposely unfollowing u...my tweetcaster went bizirk! #nf everyone that was unfollowed back! Lol
Were have friday after school YMCA football games been this year?
Reporting live from Uncommon Women Series where the topic is non profit work.
in your honour I shall flip off all of the Hyundai elantras I see on the drivehome tonight :-)
Baby makin weather
started a project involving android and the 920AR - it just never got finished. Keep me in the loop as you progress
If your God thinks I'm a bad person, he can tell me, not you. :)
Iran accuses Israel of bombing their own embassies...(why? you're probably asking?). Allegedly they did it to make Iran look bad...lol.
My apartment is literally falling apart! Thank god im moving tomorrow!!!
I should not be allowed to have scissors. Among other things. But mostly scissors.
lol. I wish!!
Are we there yet?
Ok looks like I've reached my following limit:( y'all gotta get me some more followers or I gotta "unfollow" some people. Stupid Twitter!
tell her she's white.
You are foolish to compare understood risk involved in a contact sport, with a team that goes out of their way to hurt someone.
Is the PERFECT man #CRUSHIN Hard lol;-)
Huntsman's decision to drop from the race is probably the worst birthday present I could have received. Sigh.
story havin cook out. Playin mamasox music some brothers apear yo who is that ? Crystalbowersox i said dang! That mama ...
Aww quit crying
I as an American citizen would like to say that I'm very sorry. Now how about, you're sorry for beating a blind man & his family?
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
How You Doin :)
bc it will have an L next to the iowa state game
missed this earlier, r u still out and about? Come to 1517 Marion St, NW BTW P & Q & 6th & 7th
Won my match tonight!! :) #mydayismuchbetter :)
can't wait to see you on Thursday @ SXSW I wanna take a pic with you....
been away for 3 months for training. How u been?
i'm giving away free #karma for the next 30 minutes!
Thanks for the follow! How are things your way?
...inextricable from that of their students
I'm at the pinata sequence... you heard me
we gonna be at carlos house so that wil work
Getting known is very hard, But its worth the challenge
Shocking, I know.
Shouts to
bahaha, I find it hard to believe that theres actually people who get in the shower first & THEN turn on the water.
Docuscope forces return to individual texts to fully see how documents are being clustered and what words/phrases make this happen.
already am k thanks bye ( :
Everyone in the contest! If you are on Tweet Limit just wait 2 hours then try tweeting again! you have until 11pm so keep going!
18 hour drive, we 3 students are going to be showing up Tuesday afternoon & promptly either napping or wishing we could. :-)
Americans get reps/senators they deserve b/c of lazy thinking and political apathy. Research candidate b4 you vote
it is better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for something you are not.
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights–Deniz Koyu vs Kings of Tomorrow -Finally Hertz(Hybrid Heights MashUp)
Okay buddy but follow back - thems the rules! ; )
You handled yourself magnificently. The high road is the most scenic :-)
Awesome! RT : 2 weeks from my goal! Gotta keep focused and work a little harder. So ready to do this!
you aren't following this Fan, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> follow me please Bailey!
Definitely rates high on the "delta between quality of score and movie" scale. For my money ST:TMP is the one to beat.
thank you!! Yes, I should be asleep. I waaayy over-slept on a nap today, so now I can't sleep!
Oh no! come back, come back!
Tired man. .
dm is there a forum to accompany a major learning announcement later this month? To maintain momentum, are there finding options?
It's cold in Hawaii. I'm gonna die in Alaska
yeah man for sure ill let ya know!
Crazy Bread is FAR sexier.
I really thought my ass was grass! *in my Sayra voice* lol
oh yay!! Not a solid date yet, but I will of course update everyone along the way! :)
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful outcome."
I love this <3 RT : "Does it even matter in the end if were unhappy?"
I've also suspected mad scientist just because your cover is so good.
My moneys on Sugar Shane Mosley. Here we go
The editing process has begun =)
my lips have been really chapped lately. i fucking hate it.
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is those that kill the innocent aren't really following Islam cuz Islam is not about killing.
I would've been over no questions asked!!! ( sux)
I fucking hate my school! APOLLO HIGH SCHOOL! SUCKS ASS!!!! t-.-
Lmfao haven't been in twitter in weeks
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing.
Please Follow Naked Like Adam and be a facebook fan, God bless.
I'm not sure yet. You?
But their kids....lol keep them xD
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mom tweeps! Y'all are number 1!<U+261D>
Thank you so much. I will have to take a trip out one day when the weather breaks
Portland was doomed to go "out" in early Oct, but my Wordstock appearance gave it a ratings bump that lasted through the year
Finally back in
This fucking sucks !
This crazy habit I have is running away from love maybe u can be the exception to that. ~Taylor swift
yes i do lmaoo. thank you haha. you to :D
I am getting a lot of spam answers from one of my posts... how weird...
Rough start to the day, had AK whiff a few times then lost A9cc vs SB 18bb jam into my BB with Q8. Down to 25k
People @ Trader Joes are shopping like they think the lights are going to go out again tonight.
Also don't forget to come to the Student Group Happy Hour tomorrow from 4-6 at Barney's Beanery in Westwood.
We love our clients so much we give them FREE STUFF! Austin T. won the water bottle 2 weeks ago and Kristina S. this past week. Who's next??
Co-sign. RT that Sendak obit is probably my favorite I've ever read from them. so great.
I should have been tuning into BangBros instead of that press conference... A lot more would have gotten accomplished.
I love u Adam. Love you too Blake. Totally in a non sexually way. Can't say the same. I live the voice!!!!!
can't wait to see you light it up!!
And as good as we've been going forward, just totally asleep at the back. Unreal. Now I'm freaking out again.
Brilliant post, Chez! Oh, those poker-playin' married men. They love to Grind. I .. mean .. Blend?
Watching NFL Replay on #Packers vs #Giants..getting ready to put that ass whoopin on 'em
morning Keith!!
have you ever prayed for somethig your whole life ?
Please turn back and realize who really deserves you, I miss you so much. I wish we can go back how it used to be I Love You <3
That's fine!
I wish but I'm going to the Edward Sharpe concert at the Greek. Next week?
DAMN I CUT MY FINGER!!
Looks like Jersey Shore is returning. To end the season, the cast will make a suicide pact, and slowly walk off the shore...into the ocean.
Still not over the fruit basket thing? jfc.
personnel attack? Nice the leftist white flag. ,)
HEY LYNDSEY, nailed this song on american idol season nine did she not?
I really don't understand why my Braves are playing so horribly tonight. It makes me sad. We were tied for 1st. :(
This went from the best week of my life to the worst ever....
Fact: Your lunch will taste better accompanied by a glass of Sangria. WSWB is open 11a-2pm for lunch. Call ahead for pick-up 619.255.2856.
Eventually they will learn to
eh single my BF broke up with me for his ex and im really hurt..... ='(
#networking who wit me!!!
THAT IM PLUNGED INTO FOREVER you close your heart."”?? 4 life
#Wildbills was a good move today #NOWresting #HaloLounge will be epic tommorow !!!!
that's bad? I've always got a brew on the go!
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu pleasee xo
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
don't judge me.
